i highly recommend a study of william blake-dd- you might start with the marriage of heaven and hell-dd- . and builds a heaven in hell's despair and builds a hell in heaven's despite . the road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom-dd- he who desires but acts not, breeds pestilence-dd- if the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise-dd- . prisons are built with stones of law, brothels with bricks of religion-dd- . the lust of the goat is the bounty of god-dd- the wrath of the lion is the wisdom of god-dd- the nakedness of woman is the work of god-dd- . every thing possible to be believ'd is an image of truth-dd- the tygers of wrath are wiser than the horses of instruction-dd- every wolf's & lion's howl raises from hell a human soul-dd- . thy heaven doors are my hell gates; . truly, my satan, thou art but a dunce . now the sneaking serpent walks in mild humility and the just man rages in the wilds where lions roam-dd- . o urizen-xx- creator of men-xx- mistaken demon of heaven-xx- mad, he danc'd on his mountains high & dark as heaven-dd- . but mark-xx- active evil is better than passive good-dd- this angel, who is now become a devil, is my particular friend . a dragon form, clashing his scales: at midnight he arose, america is darken'd; and my punishing demons, terrified, . the study of angels, the workmanship of demons . art thou she that made the nations drunk with the cup of religion-qq- furious lions sound the song of joy the cruel joy of luvah's daughters, lacerating with knives they catch the shrieks in cups of gold, but the human wine stood wondering; . and was jerusalem builded here among these dark satanic mills-qq- . suffer not the fashionable fools to depress your powers . and in its holiness is closed the abomination of desolation-dd- . i must create a system or be enslav'd by another man's-dd- . i will not reason & compare: my business is to create-dd- calling on god for help, and not ourselves, in whom god dwells, . mystery, babylon the great, the druid dragon & hidden harlot dazzling around thy skirts like a serpent of precious stones am i not lucifer the great, and you my daughters-qq- . i just went through a copy of his collected works and keyed into my tagfile any lines that struck my eye-dd-﻿ society has only those criminals it deserves to have-dd- john (hannibal) smith-dd- . there is a tide in the affairs of men which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune-dd- william shakespear . problems are seldom as bad as they seem at first sight-dd- venessa williams . there is virtually nothing that has come from molecular biology that can be of any value to human living in the conventional sense of what is good, and quite tremendous possibilities of evil-dd--dd--dd- sir frank macfarlane . god has infinite time to give us; but how did he give it-qq- in one immense treat of lazy milleniums-qq- no, he cut it up into a neat succession of new mornings-dd- ralph waldo emerson . science cannot solve the ultimate mystery of nature-dd- and that is because, in the last analysis, we ourselves are part of nature and therefore part of the mystery we are trying to solve-dd- max planck . science is not a sacred cow-dd- science is a horse-dd- don't worship it-dd- feed it-dd- aubrey eben . for the world is like an olive press, and men are constantly under preasure-dd- if you are the dregs of oil, you are carried away through the sewer, but if you are true oil, you remain in the vessel-dd- st-dd- augustine . i like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past-dd- thomas jefferson . not a day passes over this earth but men and women of no note do great deeds, speak great words, and suffer noble past-dd- charles reed . like a mutation, an idea may be recorded in the wrong time, to be latent like a recessive gene and spring once more to life in an auspicious era-dd- loren eisely . thanks to science, you can now fly almost anywhere in half the time it will take you to wait for your luggage after you get there-dd- bill vaughan . our time is a time for crossing barriers, for erasing old categories- for probing around-dd- marshall macluhan . the release of atomic energy constitutes a new force too revolutionary to consider in the framework of old ideas-dd- harry s-dd- truman . psychology lost first its soul, then its mind, and then its consciousness, but it still has behavior of a kind-dd- e-dd- g-dd- boring . life is either a daring adventure or nothing-dd- hellen keller . which would you rather have, a bursting planet or an earthquake here and there -qq- john joseph lynch . there is more religion in men's science than there is science in their religion-dd- henry david thoreau . science has nothing to be ashamed of, even in the ruins of nagasaki-dd- jacob bronowski . nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who does believe that something inside them was superior to circumstances-dd- bruce barton . the great truths are too important to be new-dd- w-dd- somerset maugham . sometimes one concludes that the real challenge of energy conservation is not to do it, but rather to believe that it can be done-dd- daniel yergin . there is no democracy in physics-dd- we can not say that some second-rate guy has as much right to an opinion as fermi-dd- luis alvarez . the development of hydro power in the desert of north africa awaits only the introduction of water-dd- statement in nuclear news . there never was an idea started that woke men out of their stupid indifference but its originator was spoken of as a crank-dd- oliver wendell holmes . everything is theoretically impossible, until it is done-dd- one could write a history of science in reverse by assembling the solemn pronouncements of highest authority about what could not be done and could never happen-dd- robert a-dd- heinlin . -dd--dd--dd-the first thing that must be asked about future man is whether he will be alive, and will know how to keep alive, and not whether it is a good thing that he should be alive-dd- charles galton darwin . in a way, science might be described as paranoid thinking applied to nature: we are looking for natural conspiracies, for connections among apparently disparate data-dd- carl sagan . i like people who refuse to speak until they are ready to speak-dd- lillian hellman . all you need in life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure-dd- mark twain . science has proof without any certainty-dd- creationists have certainty without any proof-dd- ashley montague . birth and copulation, and death-dd- that is all the facts when you come to brass tacks-dd- t-dd- s-dd- eliot . you can predict things only after they have happened-dd- eugene ionesco . after all, it is only the mediocre who are always at their best-dd- jean giraudox . if god does exist, then it is not the one who created everything, but the one who let everything create itself -dd- phisician's opinion . never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise-dd- the duchess to alice . life is what happens to you when you're busy planning other things-dd- john lennon . common sense is the collection of prejudices accumulated by the age of eighteen-dd- albert einstein . give people the tools they need, and there is no limit to what they achieve-dd- . that, sir, is the good of counting-dd- it brings everything to a certainty, which before floated in the mind indefinitely-dd- samuel johnson . three women and a goose make a market-dd- italian proverb . be not the first when the new are tried, nor yet the last to lay the old aside-dd- alexander pope . there are more things in heaven and earth, horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy-dd- hamlet . for which of you, intending to build a tower, sitteth not down first, and counteth the cost, whether to have sufficient to finish it-qq- luke 14:28 . a man is judged by the company he keeps-dd- . we live on small ideas-dd- john nichols . a company that does not know where it wants to go will not usually get there-dd- the economist . after all, who buys the mop -qq- probably a purchasing agent who never lays his hand on one-dd- does he ever go down and talk to the janitor and find out how well that mop works -qq- sid crown . it's un-american to manufacture things-dd- asian manufacture things-dd- american acquire, divest, merge, and file for bankruptcy-dd- russel baker . i always thought cad/cam stood for 'computer-aided design and manufacture', not for 'computer-accelerated disruption and madness'-dd- s-dd- g-dd- panke . this is a story about four people named everybody, somebody, anybody and nobody-dd- there was an important job to be done and everybody was asked to do it-dd- anybody could have done it, but nobody did it-dd- somebody got angry about that, because it was everybody's job-dd- everybody thought anybody could do it but nobody realized that everybody wouldn't do it-dd- it ended up that everybody blamed somebody when nobody did what anybody could have done-dd- . a wife, like a computer -dd--dd--dd- after you marry her you find out that: 1) it costs much more than you thought-dd- 2) she is not doing what you thought she will-dd- 3) after a period of time, it is impossible without her-dd- 4) after you have got used to her and found out that you can't do without her, you realize that one is not enough -dd--dd--dd- . there are only two things you can worry about, either you are well or you are sick-dd- if you are well then there is nothing to worry about, but if you are sick then there are only two thing you can worry about-dd- either you will get well or you will die-dd- if you gonna be well then there is nothing to worry about, but if you gonna die there are only two things you can worry about-dd- either you will go to hell or heaven-dd- if you go to heaven then there is nothing to worry about, but, if you go to hell, you will be so damn busy shaking hands with friends so you won't have time to worry-dd--dd--dd- . action seems to follow feeling , but realy, action and feeling go together, and by regulating the action, which is the more under direct control of the will, we can indirectly regulate the feeling , which is not-dd- hamlet of denmark . i like the best -xx- ( i like myself -dd--dd--dd- ) . hungarians love paprika-dd- . milk is milk-dd- tnuva . for him - it is 'danny'; for you - it is milk-dd- strauss . do not read this sentence -xx- . -think big-dd- -keep it simple-dd- -search for the pattern-dd- . produce -xx- . reproduce -xx- . think -xx- . an apple a day keeps the doctor away-dd- . murphy's law: if anything can go wrong, it will-dd- . o'toole's commentary: murphy was an optimist-dd- . nagler's comment on the origin of murphy's law: murphy's law was not profounded by murphy, but by another man of the same name-dd- . kohn's corolarry to murphy's law: two wrongs are only the beginning-dd- . mcdonald's corollary to murphy's law: in any given set of circumstances, the proper course of action is determined by subsequent events-dd- . murphy's law of government: if anything can go wrong, it will do so in triplicate-dd- . maah's law: things go right so they can go wrong-dd- . addendum to murphy's law: in precise mathematical terms, 1+1=2, where '=' is a symbol meaning 'seldom if ever'-dd- . murphy's uncertainty principle: you can know something has gone wrong only when you make an odd number of mistakes-dd- . tussman's law: nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come-dd- . gualtieri's law of inertia: where there's a will, there's a won't-dd- . fahnestock's rule for failure: if at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried-dd- . zymurgy's law of evolving systems dynamics: once you open a can of worms, the only way to recan them is to use a larger can-dd- (old worms never die, they just worm their way into larger cans) . murphy's mathematical axiom: for large values of one, one approaches two, for small values of two-dd- . dude's law duality: of two possible events, only the undesired one will occur-dd- . hane's law: there is no limit to how bad things can get-dd- . perrusel's law: there is no job so simple that it cannot be done wrong-dd- . mae west's observation: to err is human, but it feels divine-dd- . thine's law: nature abhors people-dd- . borkowski's law: you can't guard against the aebitrary-dd- . lackland's laws: 1-dd- never be first-dd- 2-dd- never be last-dd- 3-dd- never volunteer for anything-dd- . the parouzzi principle: given a bad start, trouble will increase at an exponential rate-dd- . the chi factor: quantity=1/quality; or, quantity is inversely proportional to quality-dd- . ken's law: a flying particle will seek the neerest eye-dd- . schopenhauer's law of entropy: if you put a spoonful of wine in a barrel full of sewage,you get sewage-dd- if you put a spoonful of sewage in a barrel full of wine,you get sewage-dd- . allen's law: almost anything is easier to get into than to get out of-dd- . frothingham's fourth law: urgency varies inversely with importance-dd- . the rockefeller principle: never do anything you wouldn't be caught dead doing-dd- . young's law of inanimate mobility: all inanimate objects can move just enough to get in your way-dd- . smith's law: no real problem has a solution-dd- . hoare's law of large problems: inside every large problem is a small problem struggling to get out-dd- . the schainker converse to hoare's law of large problems: inside every small problem is a larger problem struggling to get out-dd- . big al's law: a good solution can be successfully applied to almost any problem-dd- . baruch's observation: if all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail-dd- . fox on problematics: when a problem goes away, the people working to solve it do not-dd- . waldrop's principle: the person not here is the one working on the problem-dd- . biondi's law: if your project doesn't work, look for the part you didn't think was important-dd- . disraeli's dictum: error is often more earnest than truth-dd- . the roman rule: the one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it-dd- . blair's observation: the best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal-dd- . seay's law: nothing ever comes out as planned-dd- . ruckert's law: there is nothing so small that it can't be blown out of proportion-dd- . van herpen's law: the solving of a problem lies in finding the solvers-dd- . hall's law: the means justify the means-dd- the approach to a problem is more important than its solution-dd- . baxter's law: an error in the premise will appear in the conclusion-dd- . mcgee's first law: it's amazing how long it takes to complete something you are not working on-dd- . holten's homile: the only time to be positive is when you are positive you are wrong-dd- . sevareid's law: the chief cause of problems is solutons-dd- . the bureacracy principle: only a bureacracy can fight a bureacracy-dd- . fox on bureacracy: a bureacracy can outwait anything-dd- corolarry: never get caught between two bureacracies-dd- . young's second law: it is dead wood that holds up the tree-dd- corolarry: just because it is still standing, doesn't mean it is not dead-dd- . hoffstedt's employment principle: confusion creats jobs-dd- . soper's law: any bureacracy reorganised to enhance efficiency is immediately indistinguishable from its predecessor-dd- . gates' law: the only important information in a hierarchy is who knows what-dd- . mckernan's maxim: those who are unable to learn from past meetings are condemned to repeat them-dd- . owen's theory of organisational deviance: every organisation has an alloted number of positions to be filled by misfits-dd- corolarry: once a misfit leaves another will be recruited-dd- . aigner's axiom: no matter how well you perform your job, a superior will seek to modify the results-dd- . things that can be counted on in a crisis: marketing - says yes-dd- finance - says no-dd- legal - has to review it-dd- personnel - is concerned-dd- planning - is frantic-dd- engineering - is above it all-dd- manufacturing - wants more floor space-dd- top management - wants someone responsible-dd- . courtois' rule: if people listened to themselves more often, they would talk less-dd- . hutchins' law: you can't out-talk a man who knows what he's talking about-dd- . fahnstock's third law of debate: any argument worth debating is worth avoiding altogether-dd- . hartz's law of rhetoric: any argument carried far enough will end up in semantics-dd- . mitchell's laws of commitology: 1-dd- any simple problem can be made insoluble if enough conferences are held to discuss it-dd- 2-dd- once the way to screw up a project is presented for consideration it will be accepted as the soundest solution-dd- 3-dd- after the solution screws up the project, all those who initially endorsed it will say,'i wish i had voiced my reservations at the time-dd-' . kim's rule of commitees: if an hour has been spent amending a sentence, someone will move to delete the paragraph-dd- . the eleventh commandment: thou shalt not commitee-dd- . kennedy's comment on commitees: a commitee is twelve men doing the work of one-dd- . sweeney's law: the length of a progress report is inversely proportional to the amount of progress-dd- . morris' law of conferences: the most interesting paper will be scheduled simultaneously with the second most interesting paper-dd- . third law of commito-dynamics: those most opposed to serving on commitees are made chairmen-dd- . helga's rule: say no, then negotiate-dd- . brown's rules of leadership: 1-dd- to succeed in politics, it is often necessary to rise above your principles-dd- 2-dd- the best way to succeed in politics is to find a crowd that's going somewhere and get in front of them-dd- . the rule of law: if the facts ae against you, argue the law-dd- if the law is against you, argue the facts-dd- if the facts and the law are against you, yell like hell-dd- . miles' law: where you stand depends on where you sit-dd- . fibley's extension to miles' law: where you sit depends on who you know-dd- . fox on power: arrogance is too often the companion of exellence-dd- . walton's law of politics: a fool and his money are soon elected-dd- . the fifth rule of politics: when a politician gets an idea, he usually gets it wrong-dd- . wilkie's law: a good slogan can stop analysis for fifty years-dd- . sherman's rule of press conferences: the explanation of a disaster will be made by a stand-in-dd- . roche's fifth law: every american crusade winds ip as a racket-dd- . miller's rule: exceptions prove the rule-and wreck the budget-dd- . buchwald's law: as the economy gets better, everything else gets worse-dd- . ogden nash's law: progress may have been all right once, but it went on too long-dd- . finnigan's law: the farther away the future is, the better it looks-dd- . simon's law of politics: glory may be fleeting, but obscurity is forever-dd- . thompson's theorem: when the going gets weird, the weird turn pro-dd- . first law of politics: stay in with the outs-dd- . law of promotional tours: jet lag accumulates unit directionally towards maximum difficulty to perform-dd- . robbins' mini-max rule of government: any minimum criteria set will be the maximum value used-dd- . lowe's rule: success always occurs in private, and failure in full public view-dd- . horowitz's rule: wisdom consists of knowing when to avoid perfection-dd- . de nevers' law of complexity: the simplest subjects are the ones you don't know anything about-dd- . christie-davies' theorum: if your facts are wrong but your logic is perfect, then your conclusions are inevitably false-dd- therefore, by making mistakes in your logic, you have at least a random chance to a correct conclusion-dd- . mclellan's law of cognition: only new categories escape the stereotyped thinking associated with old abstractions-dd- . hartz's uncertainty principle: ambiguity is invariant-dd- . de nevers' law of debate: two monologues do not make a dialog-dd- . emerson's observation: in every work of genius we recognise our rejected thoughts-dd- . hiram's law: if you consult enough experts you can confirm any opinion-dd- . jordan's law: an informant who never produces misinformation is too deviant to be trusted-dd- . de nevers' lost law: never speculate on that which can be known for certain-dd- . las vegas law: never bet on a loser because you think his luck is bound to change-dd- . van roy's second law: if you can distinguish between good advice and bad advice, then you don't need advice-dd- . howe's law: everyone has a scheme that will not work-dd- . munder's corollary to howe's law: everyone who does not work has a scheme that does work-dd- . fox on decisiveness: 1-dd- decisiveness is not in itself a virtue-dd- 2-dd- to decide not to decide is a decision-dd- to fail to decide is a failure-dd- 3-dd- an important reason for an executive's existence is to make sensible exceptions to policy-dd- . ely's key to success: create a need, and fill it-dd- . bralek's rule for success: trust only those who stand to lose as much as you when things go wrong-dd- . poulsen's prophecy: if anything is used to its full potential, it will break-dd- . mayne's law: nobody notices the big errors-dd- . principle of design inertia: any change looks terrible at first-dd- . eng's principle: the easier is to do it, the harder it is to change-dd- . robertson's law: quality assurance doesn't-dd- . wright's first law of quality: quality is inversely proportional to the time left for completion of the project-dd- . edwards' time/effort law: effort * time = constant a-dd- given a large initial time to do something the initial effort will be small-dd- b-dd- as time goes to zero, effort goes to infinity-dd- corollary: if it weren't for the last minute, nothing would get done-dd- . first law of corporate planning: anything that can be changed will be changed until there is no time left to change anything-dd- . beach's law: no two identical parts are alike-dd- . willoughby's law: when you try to prove to someone that a machine won't work, it will-dd- . the basic law of construction: cut it large and kick it into place-dd- . meissnre's law: any producing entity is the last to use its own product-dd- . macpherson's theory of entropy: it requires less energy to take an object out of its proper place than to put it back-dd- . special law: the work-bench is always untidier than last time-dd- . general law: the chaos in the universe always increases-dd- . schrank's first law: if it doesn't work, expand it-dd- corollary: the greater the amgnitude, the less notice will be taken that it doesn't work-dd- . bitton's postulate on state-of-the-art electronics: if you understand it, it's obsolete-dd- . manubay's laws for programmers: 1-dd- if a programmer's modification of an exisiting programme works, it's probably not what the users want-dd- 2-dd- users don't know what they really want, but they know for certain what they don't want-dd- . law of thermodynamics: 1-dd- you cannot win-dd- 2-dd- you cannot break even-dd- 3-dd- you cannot get out of the game-dd- . if anything can go wrong, it wilkaghdvlkrfvq76321k5zc9v12k<269vkxz9k ied996z symptom dump output abend code system=0q9 time=25-dd-31-dd-19 seq=31675 cpu=0000 asid=004k psw at time of error 078d1000 81b5f5b0 ilc 4 intc 10 no active zproc found data at psw 01b5f5aa b1385810 b0509ba7 100047e0 gpr 0-3 13a5bc99 09234ba6 a0dc65ab cc712b69 gpr 4-7 3cebd794 1f2f3171 27a3b84c 59d6ae70 gpr 8-11 5a08f5b2 4d5d6f80 91fa01b2 c34d50e6 gpr 12-15 794613ce 7a8b9c0f 1c820dd4 4f0a4c6b end of symptom dump # . mrs-dd- murphy's law (also known as the buttered-side-down law or the law of selective gravity): an object will fall so as to do the most damage-dd- jenning's corollary: the chance of the bread falling butter side down is directly proportional to the cost of the carpet-dd- jenning's second corollary: if the bread fell on the non-buttered side, you buttered it on the wrong side-dd- . bernstein's law: a fallen body will always roll to the most inaccessible spot-dd- . the peter principle: every man is promoted to his own level of incompetence-dd- . watson's special case to the peter principle: managers in an organization will rise to their level of incompetence-dd- . schmitter's nonreciprocal laws of expectations: negative expectations yield negative results-dd- positive expectations yield negative results-dd- . etorre's axiom (etorre's observation): the other line moves faster-dd- . skinner's constant (also known as flannagan's finagling factor): that quantity which, when multipliedby, divided by, added to or subtracted from the answer you get, gives you the answer you should have gotten-dd- . gordon's first law: if a research project is not worth doing, it is not worth doing well-dd- . maire's law (in the u-dd-s-dd-, meyer's law): if the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be disposed of-dd- . boren's law: 1) when in doubt, mumble-dd- 2) when in trouble, delegate-dd- 3) when in charge, ponder-dd- . schmitze's alternative: when in doubt, don't-dd- . the golden rule of arts and sciences: whoever has the gold makes the rules-dd- . barth's distinction: there are two types of people: those who divide people into two types, and those who don't-dd- . segal's law: a man with one watch knows what time it is-dd- a man with two watches is never sure-dd- . the ninety-ninety rule of project scheduling: the first ninety percent of a task consumes ten percent of the time allotted; the last ten percent consumes the other ninety percent-dd- . farber's first law: give him an inch and he'll screw you-dd- . farber's second law: a hand in the bush is worth two anywhere else-dd- . farber's third law: we're all going down the same road in different directions-dd- . farber's fourth law: necessity is the mother of strange bedfellows-dd- . first law of light housekeeping: dust breeds-dd- . witzenburg's law of airline travel: the distance between the ticket counter and your flight gate is directly proportional to the weight of your luggage and inversely proportional to the time remaining before take-off-dd- . goff's law of social smoking: in a gathering of two or more people, when a lighted cigarette is placed in an ashtray, the smoke will waft into the face of a nonsmoker-dd- . medit's subway postulate: no matter which train you are waiting for, the wrong one arrives first-dd- . gestra's law of inertia: given sufficient time, what you put off doing today will eventually get done by itself-dd- . smith's third principle of bureaucratic tinkertoys: never do anything for the first time-dd- . chisholm's law of inevitability: anytime things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something-dd- . meshimen's law of perfection: there is never time to do it right but always time to do it wrong-dd- . price's law of politics: it is easier to be a liberal a long way from home-dd- . the unspeakable law: as soon as you mention something, if it is good, it goes away; if it is bad, it happens-dd- . wilkinson's corollary: the minimum time needed to complete any project is exactly equal to the maximum time available to work on it-dd- . bjork's extrapolation: a civil service expands by an inexorable rule of growth, irrespective of the work (if any) which has to be done-dd- . parkinson's second law: expenditure rises to meet income-dd- . parkinson's law of delay: delay is the deadliest form of denial-dd- . parkinson's law of institutions: instituitions build their perfect headquarters at the beginning of their decay-dd- . parkinson's official laws: 1-dd- an official wants to multiply subordinates, not rivals-dd- 2-dd- officials make more work for each other-dd- . mrs-dd- parkinson's law (applies to the married women of the western world): heat produced by domestic pressure expands to fill the mind available from which it can pass only to a cooler mind-dd- . the harvard law: under the most rigorous controled conditions of pressure, temperature, volume, humidity and other variables, the organism will do as it damn well pleases-dd- . the fundamental assumption: all assumptions are false-dd- this is especially true of obvious assumptions-dd- . wayne's correlation: it is foolhardy to assume that jiggling x will not diddle y, however unlikely-dd- . the army general's law (also the admiral's law): nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it-dd- . velonis' principle: the question is always more important then the answer-dd- . the parliament law: the necessity for providing an answer varies inversely with the amount of time the question can be evaded-dd- . the first two rules of work: rule one: the boss is always right-dd- rule two: when the boss is wrong, refer to rule one-dd- . adler's law: warranties cover only things that doesn't break down-dd- . o'brien's principle (also the $357-dd-73 theory): auditors always reject any expense account with a bottom-line divisible by five or ten-dd- . nienberg's law: progress is made on alternate fridays-dd- . cahn's axiom: when all else fails, read the instructions-dd- . mellon's law (also known as luce's law): no good deed ever goes unpunished-dd- . the executive umbrella law: a businessman needs three umbrellas: one to leave at the office, one to leave at home, and one to leave on the train-dd- . rowe's rule: the odds are five to six that the light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an oncoming train-dd- . weaver's law: when several employees share a cab, the employee in the front seat pays for all-dd- . dovle's corollary: no matter how many employees share a cab, and no matter who pays, each puts the full fare on his expense account-dd- . horner's five-thumb postulate: experience gained is proportional to the amount of equipment ruined-dd- . man's law: no matter what happens, there is someone who knew it would-dd- . the captain's postulate: we are all in the same boat - the titanic-dd- . the fundamental law of entropy: left to themselves, things will go from bad to worse-dd- (see murphy's eighth law-dd-) . russel's remark: a hero is a person who hasn't examined all the facts-dd- . mcluhan's observation: there are many who are looking forward through a rear view mirror-dd- . agnes' law: almost anything is easier to get into than out of-dd- . allen's remark: the lion and the calf shall lie down together, but the calf won't get much sleep-dd- . anthony's law of force: don't force it, get a larger hammer-dd- . the army theorem: an order that can be misunderstood will be misunderstood-dd- . the civil corollary: if you explain something so clearly that no one can misunderstand, somebody will-dd- . bolton's law of budgeting: under current practices, both expenditures and revenues rise to meet each other, no matter which one may be in excess-dd- . boyle's law: if not controlled, work will flow to the competent man until he submerges-dd- . broder's law: anyone who wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two years organizing the campaigning for it, is not to be trusted with the office-dd- . canada bill jones' creed: it is morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money-dd- . canada bill jones' supplement: a smith and wesson beats four aces-dd- . colson's law: if you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow-dd- . dirksen's motto: don't get mad, get even-dd- . finagle's warning: science is the truth-dd- don't be misled by facts-dd- . finagle's correction: when an error has been detected and corrected, it will be found to have been right in the first place-dd- . finagle's first law: if an experiment works, something has gone wrong-dd- . finagle's second law: no matter what result is anticipated, there will always be someone eager to (a) misinterpret it, (b) fake it, or (c) believe it happened due to his own pet theory-dd- . finagle's third law: in any collection of data, the figure most obviously correct, beyond all need of checking, is the mistake-dd- corollary 1: no one whom you ask for help will see it-dd- corollary 2: everyone who stops by with unsought advice will see it immediately-dd- . finagle's fourth law: once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it only makes it worse-dd- . finagle's rules: ever since the first scientific experiment, man has been plaqued by the increasing antagonism of nature-dd- it seems only right that nature should be logical and neat, but experience has shown that this is not the case-dd- a further series of rules has been formulated, designed to help man accept the pigheadedness of nature-dd- rule 1: to study a subject best, understand it thoroughly before you start-dd- rule 2: always keep a record of data-dd- it indicates you've been working-dd- rule 3: always draw your curves, then plot the readings-dd- rule 4: in case of doubt, make it sound convincing-dd- rule 5: experiments should be reproducible-dd- they should all fail in the same way-dd- rule 6: do not believe in miracles-dd- rely on them-dd- . getty's prophecy: the meek shall inherit the earth but not its mineral rights-dd- . herblock's law: if it's good, they'll stop making it-dd- . hull's advice: never insult an alligator until after you have crossed the river-dd- . marshall's generalized iceburg theory: seven eighths of everything can't be seen-dd- . merrill's axiom: in a democracy, you can be respected though poor, but don't count on it-dd- . miles' law: the race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, but that's the way to bet-dd- . the first law of wing walking: never let go of what you've got until you've got hold of something else-dd- . airplane law: when the plane you are on is late, the plane you want to transfer to is on time-dd- . allison's precept: the best simple-minded test of expertise in a particular area is the ability to win money in a series of bets on future occurences in that area-dd- . anthony's law of workshop: any tool, when dropped, will role into the least accessible corner of the workshop-dd- . corollary to anthony's law: on the way to the corner, any dropped tool will first always strike your toes-dd- . axiom of the pipe (trischmann's paradox): a pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his mouth-dd- . baker's law: misery no longer loves company-dd- nowadays it insists on it-dd- . barzun's laws of learning: 1) the simple but difficult arts of paying attention, copying accurately, following an argument, detecting an ambiguity or a false inference, testing quesses by summoning up contrary instances, organizing one's time and one's thought for study- all these arts-cannot be taught in the air but only through the difficulties of a defined subject-dd- they cannot be taught in one course or one year, but must be acquired gradually in dozens of connections-dd- 2) the analogy to athletics must be pressed until all recognize that in the exercise of intellect those who lack the muscles, coordination, and will power can claim no place at the training table, let alone on the playing field-dd- . forthoffer's cynical summary of barzun's laws: 1) that which has not yet been taught directly can never be taught directly-dd- 2) if at first you don't succeed, you will never succeed-dd- . becker's law: it is much harder to find a job than to keep one-dd- . beinfelds principle: the probability of a young man meeting a desirable and receptive young female increases by pyramidal progression when he is already in the company of (1) a date, (2) his wife, (3) a better looking and richer male friend-dd- . bicycle law: all bicycles weigh 50 pounds: a 30-pound bicycle needs a 20-pound lock and chain-dd- a 40-pound bicycle needs a 10-pound lock and chain-dd- a 50-pound bicycle needs no lock or chain-dd- . blaauw's law: established technology tends to persist in spite of new technology-dd- . booker's law: an ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction-dd- . brien's first law: at some time in the life cycle of virtually every organization, its ability to succeed in spite of itself runs out-dd- . brook's law: adding manpower to a late software project makes it later-dd- . clarke's first law: when a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right-dd- when he states that something is impossible, he is very probably wrong-dd- . clarke's second law: the only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible-dd- . clarke's third law: any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic-dd- . clarke's law of revolutionary ideas: every revolutionary idea - in science, politics, art or whatever - evokes three stages of reaction-dd- they may be summed up by the three phrases: 1) "it is completely impossible -- don't waste my time-dd-" 2) "it is possible, but it is not worth doing-dd-" 3) "i said it was a good idea all along-dd-" . cole's law: thinly sliced cabbage-dd- . cook's law: much work -- much food, little work -- little food, no work -- burial at sea-dd- . murphy's first law: nothing is as simple as it looks; . murphy's second law: everything takes longer than you think-dd- . murphy's third law: in any field of scientific endeavor, anything that can go wrong will go wrong-dd- . murphy's fourth law: is there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong-dd- . murphy's fifth law: if anything just cannot go wrong, it will anyway-dd- . murphy's sixth law: if you percieve that there are four possible ways in which a procedure can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way, unprepared for, will promptly develop-dd- . murphy's seventh law: left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse-dd- (see the fundamental law of entropy-dd-) . murphy's eighths law: if everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something-dd- . murphy's nineth law: nature always sides with the hidden flaw-dd- . murphy's tenth law: mother nature is a bitch-dd- . murphy's eleventh law: it is impossible to make anything foolproof because tools are so ingenious-dd- . murphy's law of thermodynamics: things get worse under pressure-dd- . murphy's asymptotic descent: when everything possible has gone wrong, things will probably get worse-dd- . zymurgy's seventh exception to murphy's law: when it rains, it pours-dd- . zymurgy's law on the availability of volunteer labor: people are always available for work in the past tense-dd- . wynne's law: negative slack tends to increase-dd- . worker's dilema law (or management's put-down law): 1) no matter how much you do, you'll never do enough-dd- 2) what you don't do is always more important than what you do do-dd- . wolf's law (an optimistic view of a pessimistic world): it isn't that things will necessarily go wrong (murphy's law), but rather that they will take so much more time and effort than you think if they are not to go wrong-dd- . wiker's law: government expands to absorb revenue and then some-dd- . white's statement: don't lose heart-dd--dd--dd- owen's comment on white's statement: -dd--dd--dd-they might want to cut it out-dd--dd--dd- byrd's addition to owen's comment on white's statement: -dd--dd--dd-and they want to avoid a lengthy search-dd- . white's chappagwiddick theorem: the sooner and in more detail you announce bad news, the better-dd- . westheimer's rule: to estimate the time it takes to do a task: estimate the time you think it should take, multiply by two, and change the unit of measure to the next highest unit-dd- thus we allocate two days for a one hour task-dd- . weinberg's law: if builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization-dd- . weinberg's corollary: an expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping on to the grand fallacy-dd- . weber-fechner law: the least change in stimulus necessary to produce a perceptible change in response is proportional to the stimulus already existing-dd- . vonnegut's corollary: beauty may be only skin deep, but ugliness goes right to the core-dd- . vigue's law: a man without religion is like a fish without a bicycle-dd- . vail's axiom: in any human enterprises, work seeks the lowest hierarchical level-dd- . truth 5-dd-1 of management: organizations always have too many managers-dd- . bucy's law: nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man-dd- . bye's first law of model railroading: anytime you wish to demonstrate something, the number of faults is proportional to the number of viewrs-dd- . bye's second law of model railroading: the desire for modeling a prototype is inversely proportional to the decline of the prototype-dd- . camp's law: a coup that is known in advance is a coup that does not take place-dd- . cheop's law: nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget-dd- . churchill's commentary on man: man will occasionally stumble over the truth but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on-dd- . cohen's law: what realy matters is the name you succeed in imposing on the facts- not the facts themselves-dd- . commoner's three laws of ecology: 1) no action is without side-effects-dd- 2) nothing is ever goes away-dd- 3) there is no free lunch-dd- (see crane's law-dd-) . cornuelle's law: authority tends to assign jobs to those least able to do them-dd- . crane's law (friedman's reiteration): there ain't no such thing as a free lunch-dd- . diogenes' first dictum: the more heavily man is supposed to be taxed, the more power he has to escape being taxed-dd- . diogenes' second dictum: if a taxpayer thinks he can cheat safely, he probably will-dd- . dow's law: in a hierarchical organization, the higher the level, the greater the confusion-dd- . dunne's law: the territory behind rhetoric is too often mined with equivocation-dd- . evan's law of politics: when team members are finally in a position to help the team, it turns out they have quit the team-dd- . everitt's form of the second law of thermodynamics: confusion (entropy) is always increasing in society-dd- only if someone or something works extremely hard can this confusion be reduced to order in a limited region-dd- nevertheless, this effort will still result in an increase in the total confusion of society at large-dd- . the fifth rule: you have taken yourself too seriously-dd- . grendel's law: there is no limit to desire, but desire's need-dd- . first law of bicycling: no matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the wind-dd- . first law of bridge: it's always partner's fault-dd- . first law of canoeing (alfred's andrews' canoeing postulate): no matter which direction you start, it's always against the wind coming back-dd- . first law of debate: never argue with a fool-dd- people might not know the difference-dd- . first law of office holders: get re-elected-dd- . fitz-gibbon's law: creativity varies inversely with the number of cooks involved with the broth-dd- . flap's law: any inanimate object, regardless of its position or configuration, may be expected to perform at any time in a totally unexpected manner for reasons that are either entirely obscure or else completely mysterious-dd- . fortis' three great lies of life: 1) money isn't everything-dd- 2) it's great to be a negro-dd- 3) i'm only going to put it in a little way-dd- . fourtinth corollary of atwood's general law of dynamic negatives: no books are lost by loaning except for those you particularly wanted to keep-dd- . franklin's rule: blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall not be disappointed-dd- . gib's laws of unreliability: 1) computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable-dd- corollary: at the source of any error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors, including th error of blaming it on the computer-dd- 2) any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable-dd- 3) the only difference between the fool and the criminal who attacks a system is that the fool attacks unpredictably and on a broader front-dd- 7) undetectable errors are infinite in variety, in contrast to detectable errors, which by definition are limited-dd- 9) investment in reliability will increase until it exceeds the probable cost of errors, or until someone insists on getting some useful work done-dd- . golden rules of indulgence: everything in excess-xx- to enjoy the full flavour of life, take big bites-dd- moderation is for monks-dd- yield to temtation; it may never pass your way again-dd- . gray's law of programming: n+1 trivial tasks are expected to be accomplished in the same time as n trivial tasks-dd- . logg's rebuttal to gray's law of programming: n+1 trivial tasks take twice as long as n trivial tasks-dd- . gresham's law: trivial matters are handled promptly; important matters are never solved-dd- . grosch's law: computing power increases as the square of the cost-dd- if you want to do it twice as cheaply, you have to do it four times as fast-dd- . gummidge's law: the amount of expertise varies in inverse proportion to the number of statements understood by the general public-dd- . gumperson's law: the probability of anything happening is in inverse ratio to its desirability-dd- . hacker's law of personnel: anyone having supervisory responsibility for the completion of a task will invariably protest that more resources are needed-dd- . hagerty's law: if you lose your temper at a newspaper columnist, he'll get rich or famous or both-dd- . haldane's law: the inverse is not only queerer than we imagine; it is queerer than we can imagine-dd- --- . harper's magazine's law: you never find an article until you replace it-dd- . hartley's first law: you can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to float on his back you've got something-dd- . hartley's second law: never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself-dd- . heller's law: the first myth of management is that it exists-dd- . johnson's corollary to heller's law: nobody really knows what is going on anywhere within your organization-dd- . howard's first law of theater: use it-dd- . hull's theorem: the combined pull of several protons is the sum of their seperate pulls multiplied by the number of protons-dd- . ibm polyanna principle: machines should work-dd- people should think-dd- . imhoff's law: the organization of any bureaucracy is very much like a septic tank- the really big chunks always rise to the top-dd- . iron law of distribution: them what has - gets-dd- . italian proverb: she who is silent consents-dd- . jenkinson's law: it won't work-dd- . john cameron's law: no matter how many times you've had it, if it's offered, take it, because it'll never be quite the same again-dd- . john's axiom: when your opponent is down, kick him-dd- . john's collateral corollary: in order to get a loan you must first prove you don't need it-dd- . johnson's first law of auto repair: any tool dropped while repairing an automobile will role under the car to the vehicle's exact geographic center-dd- . johnson-laird's law: toothache tends to start on saturday night-dd- . jones' law: the man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone he can blame it on-dd- . jones' motto: friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate-dd- . katz's law: men and nations will act rationally when all other possibilities have been exhausted-dd- . kerr-martin law: 1) in dealing with their own problems, faculty members are the most extreme conservatives-dd- 2) in dealing with other people's problems, they are the world's most extreme liberals-dd- . kirkland's law: the usefulness of any meeting is in inverse proportion to the attendance-dd- . kitman's law: pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off the tv screen-dd- . lani's principles of economics: 1) taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed-dd- 2)k 100 placed at 7% interest compounded quarterly for 200 years will increase to more thank 100,000,000 by which time it will be worth nothing-dd- 3) in god we trust, all others pay cash-dd- . la rochefoucauld's law: it is more shameful to distrust one's friends than to be decieved by them-dd- . law of communication: the inevitable result of improved and enlarged communications between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly increased area of misunderstanding-dd- . law of computability applied to social science: if at first you don't succeed, transform your data set-dd- . law of perversity of nature (mrs-dd- murphy's corollary): you cannot successfully determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter-dd- . law of superiority: the first example of superior principle is always inferior to the developed example of inferior principle-dd- . laws of computer programming: 1) any given program, when running, is obsolete-dd- 2) any given program costs more and takes longer-dd- 3) if a program is useful, it will have to be changed-dd- 4) if a program is useless, it will have to be documented-dd- 5) any given program will expand to fill all available memory-dd- 6) the value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output-dd- 7) program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of the programmer who must maintain it-dd- 8) make it possible for programmers to write programms in english, and you will find that programmers cannot write in english-dd- . laws of gardening: 1) other people's tools work only in other people's yards-dd- 2) fancy gizmos don't work-dd- 3) if nobody uses it, there's a reason-dd- 4) you get the most of what you need the least-dd- . le chatelier's law: if some stress is brought to bear on a system in equilibrium, the equilibrium is displaced in the direction which tends to undo the effect of the stress-dd- . les miserables metalaw: all laws, whether good, bad, or indifferent, must be obeyed to the letter-dd- . long's notes: 1) always store beer in a dark place-dd- 2) any priest or shaman must be presumed guilty until proved innocent-dd- 3) always listen to experts-dd- they'll tell you what can't be done, and why-dd- then do it-dd- 4) it has long been known that one horse can run faster than another- but which one-qq- differences are crucial-dd- 5) a poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits-dd- 6) small change can often be found under seat cushions-dd- 7) it's amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired-dd- 8) secrecy is the beginning of tyranny-dd- 9) it's better to copulate than never-dd- 10) never appeal to man's "better nature"-dd- he may not have one-dd- (invoking his self-interest gives you more leverage-dd-) 11) an elephant: a mouse built to government specifications-dd- 12) a zygote is a gamete's way of producing more gametes-dd- 13) god is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent-dd- it says so right here on the label-dd- if you have a mind capable of believing all three of these divine attributes simultanously, i have a wonderful bargain for you-dd- no checks, please-dd- cash and in small bills-dd- 14) waking a person unnecessarily should not be considered a capital crime-dd- for the first offense, that is-dd- 15) beware of altruism-dd- it is based on self-deception, the root of all evil-dd- 16) never underestimate the power of human stupidity-dd- 17) rub her feet-dd- 18) to stay young requires unceasing cultivation of the ability to unlearn old falsehoods-dd- 19) does history record any case in which the majority was right-qq- 20) be wary of strong drinks-dd- it can make you shoot at tax collectors and miss-dd- 21) never try to outstubborn a cat-dd- 22) natural laws have no pity-dd- 23) you can go wrong by being too skeptical as readily as by being too trusting-dd- 24) anything free is worth what you pay for it-dd- 25) pessimist by policy, optimist by temperament- it is possible to be both-dd- how-qq- by never taking unnecessary chances and by minimizing risks you can't avoid-dd- this permits you to play the game happily, untroubled by the certainty of the outcome-dd- 26) "i came, i saw, she conquered-dd-" (the original latin seems to have been garbled-dd-) 27) the greatest productive force is human selfishness-dd- 28) a skunk is better company than a person who prides himself on being "frank"-dd- 29) the correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts: "of course it's none of my business, but-dd--dd--dd-" is to place a period after the "but"-dd- don't use excessive force in supplying such morons with a period-dd- cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you talked about-dd- 30) don't try to have the last word-dd- you might get it-dd- . lord falkland's rule: when it is not necessary to make a decision, it is necessary not to make a decision-dd- . lowery's law: if it jams, force it-dd- if it breaks, it needed replacing anyway-dd- . malek's law: any simple idea will be worded out in the most complicated way-dd- . malinkowski's law: looking from above, from our high places of safety in the developed civilization, it is easy to see all the crudity and irrelevance of magic-dd- . dean martin's definition of drunkenness: you're not drunk if you can lie in the floor without holding on-dd- . martin-berthelot principles: of all possible committee reactions to any given agenda item, the reaction that will occur is the one which will liberate the greatest amount of hot air-dd- . match's axiom: a fool in a high station is like a man on the top of a high mountain: everything appears small to him and he appears small to everybody-dd- . mathsch's law: it is better to have a horrible ending than to have horrors without end-dd- . macclaughry's codicil on jone's motto: to make an enemy, do someone a favor-dd- . macclaughry's law of zoning: where zoning is not needed, it will work perfectly; where it is desperately needed, it will always break down-dd- . mcgoon's law: the probability of winning is inversely proportional to the amount of the wager-dd- . h-dd- l-dd- mencken's law: those who can -- do-dd- those who cannot -- teach-dd- those who cannot teach -- administrate-dd- (martin's extension) . merrill's first corollary: there are no winners in life; only survivors-dd- . merrill's second corollary: in the highway of life, the average happening is of about as much true significance as a dead skunk in the middle of the road-dd- . michehl's theorem: less is more-dd- . pastore's comment on michel's theorem: nothing is ultimate-dd- . miller's law: you can't tell how deep a puddle is until you step into it-dd- . mobil's maxim: bad regulation begets worse regulation-dd- . newton's little-known seventh law: a bird in the hand is safer than one overhead-dd- . oesmer's law: there is a tendency fro the person in the most powerful position in an organization to spend all his time serving on committees and signing letters-dd- . ordering principle: those supplies necessary for yesterday's experiment must be ordered no later than tomorrow noon-dd- . osborn's law: variables won't, constants aren't-dd- . pardo's postulates: 1) anything good is either illegal, immoral, or fattening-dd- 2) the three faithful things in life are maney, a dog, and an old woman-dd- 3) don't care if you're rich or not, as long as you can live comfortably and have everything you want-dd- . pareto's law (the 20/80 law): 20% of the customers account for 80% of the turnover, 20% of the components account for 80% of the cost, and so forth-dd- . parker's rule of parlimentary procedure: a moption to adjurn is always in order-dd- . parker's law of political statements: the truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility and vice versa-dd- . parkinson's first law: work expands to fill the time available for its completion; the thing to be done swells in the perceived importance and complexity in a direct ratio with the time to be spent in its completion-dd- . parkinson's third law: if there is a way to delay an important decision the good bureaucracy, public or private, will find it-dd- . parkinson's fourth law: the number of people in any working group tends to increase regardless of the amount of work to be done-dd- . pastore's truths: 1) even paranoids have enemies-dd- 2) this job is marginally better then daytime tv-dd- 3) on alcohol: four is one more than more than enough-dd- . peckham's law: beauty times brain equals constant-dd- . peer's law: the solution to a problem changes the problem-dd- . peter's corollaries: 1) incompetence knows no barriers of time or place-dd- 2) the work is accomplished by those employees who have not yet reached their level of incompetence-dd- 3) if at first you don't succeed, try something else-dd- . peter's inversion: internal consistency is valued more highly than efficiency-dd- . peter's paradox: employees in a hierarchy do not really object to incompetence in their colleagues-dd- . peter's perfect people palliative: each of us is a mixture of good qualities and some (perhaps) not-so-good qualities-dd- in considering our fellow people we should remember their good qualities and realize that their faults only prove that they are, after all, human-dd- we should refrain from making harsh judgements of people just because they happen to be dirty, rotten, no-good sons-of-bitches-dd- . peter's theorem: incompetence plus incompetence equals incompetence-dd- . potter's law: the amount of flak received on any subject is reversely proportional to the subject's true value-dd- . productivity equation: the productivity, p, of a group of people is: p = n * t * (0-dd-55 - 0-dd-00005 * n * (n - 1)) where n is the the number of people in the group and t is the number of hours in a work period-dd- . professor gordon's rule of evolving bryographic systems: while bryographic plants are typically encountered in substrata of earthy or mineral matter in concrete state, discrete substrata elements occasionally display a roughly spherical configuration which, in presence of suitable gravitational and other effects, lends itself to combined translatory and rotational motion-dd- one notices in such cases and and absence of the otherwise typical accretion of bryophyta-dd- we therefore conclude that a rolling stone gathers no moss-dd- . pudder's law: anything that begins well ends badly-dd- anything that begins badly ends worse-dd- . puritan's law: evil is live spelled backwards-dd- . puritan's second law: if its good, don't do it-dd- . o's law: no matter what stage of completion one reaches in a north sea (oil) field, the cost of the remainder of the project remains the same-dd- . rangnekar's modified rules concerning decisions: 1) if you must make a decision, delay it-dd- 2) if you can authorize someone else to avoid a decision, do so-dd- 3) if you can form a commite, have them avoid the decision-dd- 4) if you can otherwise avoid a decision, avoid it immediately-dd- . rayburn's rule: if you want to get along, go along-dd- . rudin's law: in a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative courses of action, most people choose the worst one possible-dd- . rule of accuracy: when working towards the solution of a problem it always helps if you know the answer-dd- . sam's axiom: 1) any line, however short, is still too long-dd- 2) work is the crabgrass of life, but money is the water that keeps it green-dd- . sattinger's law: it works better if you plug it in-dd- . shalit's law: the intensity of movie publicity is in inverse ratio to the quality of the movie-dd- . shanahan's law: the length of a meeting rises with the square of the number of people present-dd- . shaw's principle: build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will want to use it-dd- . simmon's law: the desire for ratial integration increases with the square of the distance from the actual event-dd- . simon's law: everything put together sooner or later fall apart-dd- . snafu equations: 1) given any problem containing n equations, there will be n+1 unknowns-dd- 2) an object or bit of informationmost needed, will be least available-dd- 3) any device requiring service or adjustment will be least accessible-dd- 4) interchangable devices won't-dd- 5) in any human endeavor, once you have exhausted all possibilities and fail, there will be one solution, simple and obvious, highly visible to everyone else-dd- 6) badness comes in waves-dd- . sociology's iron law of oligarchy: in any organized activity, no matter the sphere, a small number will become the oligarchical leaders and the others will follow-dd- . spare parts principle: the accessibility, during recovery of small parts which fall from the work bench, varies directly with the size of the part and inversely with its importance to the completion of the work underway-dd- . steele's plagiarism of somebody's philosophy: everyone should believe in somethink --- i believe i'll have another drink-dd- . sturgeon's law: 90 per cent of everything is crude-dd- . swipple rule of order: he who shouts loudest has the floor-dd- . terman's law: there is no direct relationship between the quality of an educational program and its cost-dd- . terman's law of innovation: if you want a track team to win the high jump you find one person who can jump seven feet, not seven people who can jump one foot-dd- . theory of the international society of philosophic engineering: in any calculation, any error which can creep in will-dd- . thoreau's law: if you see a man approaching with the obvious intent of doing you good, run for your life-dd- . transcription law: the number of errors made is equal to the number of 'squares' employed-dd- . truman's law: if you cannot convince them, confuse them-dd- . truths of management: 1) think before you act; it's not your money-dd- 2) all good management is the expression of one great idea-dd- 3) no executive devotes effort to proving himself wrong-dd- 4) cash in must exceed cash out-dd- 5) management capability is always less then the organization actually needs-dd- 6) either an executive can do his job or he can't-dd- 7) if sophisticated calculations are needed to justify an action don't do it-dd- 8) if you are doing something wrong, you will do it badly-dd- 9) if you are attempting the impossible, you will fail-dd- 10) the easiest way of making money is to stop losing it-dd- . barber's laws of backpacking: 1) the integral of the gravitational potential taken around any loop trail you choose to hike always comes out positive-dd- 2) any stone in your boot always migrate against the pressure gradient to exactly the point of most pressure-dd- 3) the weight of your pack increases in direct proportion to the amount of food you consume from it-dd- if you run out of food, the pack weight goes on increasing anyway-dd- 4) the number of stones in your boot is directly proportional to the number of hours you have been on the trail-dd- 5) the difficulty of finding any given trail is marker is directly proportional to the inportance of the consequences of failing to find it-dd- 6) the size of each of the stones in your boot is directly proportional to the number of hours you have been on the trail-dd- 7) the remaining distance to your chosen campsite remains constant as twilight approaches-dd- 8) the net weight of your boots is proportional to the cube of the number of hours you have been on the trail-dd- 9) when you arrive at your chosen campsite, it is full-dd- 10) if you take your boots off, you'll never get them back on again-dd- 11) the local density of mosquitoes is inversely proportional to your remaining repellant-dd- . in a plate of bacon and eggs, the pig was commited , the chicken was involved-dd- . it is considered poor judgement to attempt to traverse a chasm in two leaps-dd- . the only constant thing in today's world is change-dd- . an army narches on its stomach, an enterprise on its data . nothing is ever so simple as it seems-dd- . if you fool around with a thing long enough, it will eventually break-dd- . nothing ever quite works out-dd- . if you try to please everybody, someone is not going to like it-dd- . everything always costs more money then you have-dd- . whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first-dd- . if you throw something away, you'll need it-dd- . things get really dangerous when idiots become enterprising-dd- . no one is useless - one can always serve as a bad example-dd- . he who works hard, makes mistakes-dd- he who doesn't work, doesn't make mistakes-dd- he who doesn't make mistakes gets promoted-dd- . in our organization, everyone can become what he wishes - whether he wishes it or not-dd- . when you are up to your fanny in alligators, it is difficult to remind yourself that your initial objective was to drain the swamp-dd- . when your pants are falling, hang on to your underpants-dd- . a camel is a horse designed by a committee-dd- . show me a home where the buffalo roam and i'll show you a house full of shit-dd- . the problem with any unwritten law is that you don't know where to go to erase it-dd- . confession is good for the soul, but bad for your career-dd- . the concept seems to be clear by now-dd- it has been defined several times by examples of what it is not-dd- . every interesting program has at least one variable, one branch, and one loop -dd--dd--dd- -dd--dd--dd- and at least one bug-xx- . counting in binary is just like counting in decimal if you are all thumbs-dd- . mathematicians are like frenchmen: whatever you say to them they translate into their own language and forthwith it is something entirely different-dd- goethe . for the man who has everything-dd--dd--dd- penicillin-dd- . symbolic logic has been disowned by many logicians on the plea that its interest is mathematical, and by many mathematicians on the plea that its interest is logical-dd- . if and only if you can prove 'p if and only if q', q is a called a necessary and sufficient condition for p-dd- . to iterate is human; to recurse, divine-dd- . today's alchemists believe in glass-discs, perceptrons, photoscopic stores, and project lavi-dd- . there are no foolish questions, and no man becomes a fool until he has stopped asking questions-dd- . in spite of recent progress in scince, the depths of human imbecility have not yet been plumbed-dd- . one picture is worth a thousand reels of tape-dd- . one picture worths 1k words-dd- . i see some wires that are missing-xx- . the trapdoors to failure outnumber the shortcuts to success-dd- . subtlety is the art of saying what you think, and getting out of the way before it is understood-dd- . compatible designs are based upon compatible goals agreed to by compatible people-dd- . remember, the best ideas originate in the u-dd-s-dd-; other people have to think and talk in foreign language-dd- this gives you a tremendous technical edge-dd- . the road to hell is paved with nand gates-dd- . i know you believe you understand what you think i said, but i'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what i meant-dd- . logical methods, at best, rearrange the way in which personal bias is to be introduced into the problem-dd- . no problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it-dd- . to the systems programmer, the customers and users serve only to provide a test load-dd- . don't sweat on it-xx- it's just 1's and 0's-xx- . the reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself-dd- therefore all progress depends on unreasonable man-dd- j-dd- b-dd- shaw . a wise man can see more from a mountain top than a fool from the bottom of a well-dd- . a plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs-dd- . a lie in time saves nine-dd- . a king's castle is his home-dd- . one family builds a wall, two families enjoy it-dd- . when you go out to buy, don't show your silver-dd- . if you continually give, you will continually have-dd- . your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it-dd- . you are always busy-dd- . by following the good, you learn to be good-dd- . to save a single life is better than to build a seven story pagoda-dd- . to give happiness is to deserve happiness-dd- . a lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time-never-dd- . the only rose without thorns is friendship-dd- . to do is to be - nietzsche to be is to do - sartre do be do be do - sinatra . if you wish to succeed, consult three old people-dd- . draw your salary before spending it-dd- . the light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon-dd- . marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly-dd- voltaire . the wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf-dd- . the rich get rich, the poor get poorer-dd- the haves get more, the have-nots die-dd- . man and wife make one fool-dd- . lonely men seek companionship-dd- lonely women sit at home and wait-dd- they never meet-dd- . ehpl -xx- imat arppdei sndi eht ebm-i81 . 18-mbi eht edisni deppart ma i -xx- pleh . he who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else-dd- . he who falls in love with himself will have no rivals-dd- . he is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap-dd- . happiness is just an illusion filled with sadness and confusion-dd- . for people who like that kind of book, that is the kind of book they will like-dd- . far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth-dd- . everything bounds to success, even grammer-dd- . everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgement-dd- . even the boldest zebra fear the hungry lion-dd- . conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius-dd- . by failing to prepare, you are preapairing to fail-dd- . behind every argument is someone's ignorance-dd- . you cannot kill time without injuring eternity-dd- . worth seeing-qq- yes, but not worth going to see-dd- . words must be weighed, not counted-dd- . with clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best-dd- . why did the lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to avoid responsibility-dd- . whenever i feel like exercise, i lie down until the feeling passes-dd- . when you become used to never being alone, you may consider yourself americanized-dd- . when the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it-dd- . when god endowed human beings with brains, he did not intend to guarantee them-dd- . what this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel-dd- . what orators lack in depth they make up in length-dd- . what makes us so bitter against people who outwit us is that they think themselves cleverer-dd- . we read to say that we have read-dd- . we promise according to our hopes, and performing accordind to our fears-dd- . we prefare to speak evil of ourselves than not speaking of ourselves at all-dd- . massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy-dd- . to refuse praise is to seek praise twice-dd- . to laugh at men of sense is the previlege of fools-dd- . to keep your friends, treat them kindly; to kill them, treat them often-dd- . to criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize the competent-dd- . this account will self destruct in five minutes-dd- . there's one fool at least in every married couple-dd- . there is no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear-dd- . there are three things i have always loved and never understood- art, music and women-dd- . there are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream-dd- . there are more drunkards than old doctors-dd- . the world is an 8000 mile in diameter spherical pile of dirt-dd- . the star of riches is shining upon you-dd- . the plural of spouse is spice-dd- . the minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he is not-dd- . the gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn't been asleep-dd- . the first thing i do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue-dd- . the days just prior to amrriage are like a snappy introduction to a tedious book-dd- . the best way to keep your friends is not to give them away-dd- . the best prophet of the future is the past-dd- . the attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive-dd- . take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves-dd- . stop searching forever-xx- happiness is unattainable-dd- . stop searching forever-xx- happiness is just next to you-dd- . standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down-dd- . some rise by sin and some by virtue fall-dd- . some men are discovered; others are found out-dd- . sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all-dd- . reputation is what others are not thinking about you-dd- . put your brain in gear before starting your mouth-dd- . put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust-dd- . preserve the old, but know the new-dd- . people will buy anything that's one to a customer-dd- . people who have no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking advantage of them-dd- . only someone with nothing to be sorry for smiles back at the rear of an elephant-dd- . often statistics are used as a drunken man uses lampposts - for support rather than illumination-dd- . of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal-dd- . money can say more in one moment than the most eloquent lover can in years-dd- . money can buy friendship, but money cannot buy love-dd- . money cannot buy love, nor even friendship-dd- . mistakes are oft the stepping stones to failure-dd- . misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate-dd- . what we think, or what we know, or what we believe is, in the end, of little consequence-dd- the only consequence is what we do-dd- john rushin . nothing adds to a person's leisure time like doing things when they are supposed to be done-dd- o-dd- a-dd- battista . all life is an experiment-dd- the more experiments you make- the better-dd- r-dd- w-dd- emerson . even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there-dd- will rogers . you can't think and hit at the same time-dd- yogi berra . life cannot wait until the sciences may have explained the universe scientifically-dd- we cannot put off living until we are ready-dd- the most salient characteristic of life is its coersiveness: it is always urgent, 'here and now' without any possible postponement-dd- life is fired at us point blank-dd- j-dd- o-dd- y-dd- gasset . man is born to live and not to prepare to live-dd- borice pasternak . it takes a person who is wide awake to make his dreams come true-dd- roger babson . discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has thought-dd- albert szent-gyorgyi . the important thing in life is to have a great aim and to possess the aptitude and the perseverance to attain it-dd- goethe . go confidently in the direction of your dreams-dd- live the life you had imagined-dd- h-dd- d-dd- thoreau . to live is the rearest thing in the world-dd- most people exist, that's all-dd- oscar wilde . great minds have purposes; others have wishes-dd- washington irving . as i grow older, i pay less attention to what men say-dd- i just watch what they do-dd- andrew carnegie . let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal-dd- my strength lies solely in my tenacity-dd- louis pasteur . we shall either find a way or make one-dd- hannibal . you will become as small as your controlling desire; as great as your dominant aspiration-dd- james allen . when men are arrived at the goal, they should not turn back-dd- plotarch . lord, grunt that i may always desire more then i can accomplish-dd- michaelangelo . no nobel thing can be done without risks-dd- montaigne . climate is what we expect, wheather is what we get -xx- robert a-dd- heinlein . the single biggest time-waster in the world is not completting what you start-dd- john garner . let us endevour so to live that when we come to die, even the undertaker will be sorry-dd- mark twain . notice the difference between what happens to a man who says to himself, 'i have failed three times', and what happens when he says, 'i am a failure'-dd- s-dd- i-dd- hayakawa . every great and commending moment in the annals of the world, is the triumph of some enthusiasm-dd- r-dd- w-dd- emerson . when schemes are laid in advance, it is surprising how often the circumstances fit in with them-dd- w-dd- osler . power undirected by high-purpose spells calamity; and high-purpose by itself is utterly useless if the power to put it into a fact is lacking-dd- t-dd- roosevelt . the great end of life is not knowledge but action-dd- t-dd- h-dd- huxley . life spent in making mistakes is not only more honourable but more useful then a life spent in doing nothing-dd- j-dd- b-dd- shaw . when written in chinese, the word 'crisys' is composed of two characters- one represent 'danger' and the other represents 'opportunity'-dd- j-dd- f-dd- kennedy . whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it-dd- boldness has genius, power and magic in it-dd- goethe . there are obviously two educations-dd- the one should teach us how to make a living, and the other how to live-dd- j-dd- t-dd- adams . judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers-dd- voltaire . the important thing is not to stop questioning-dd- einstein . every composer knows the anguish and despair occasioned by forgetting ideas which one has not time to write down-dd- victor hugo . thinking is the talking of the soul with itself-dd- plato . chance favors the prepared mind-dd- louis pasteur . two percent of the people make things happen-dd- three percent of the people watch things happen-dd- ninety-five percent of the people wonder what happened-dd- . learn from yesterday-dd--dd--dd- live for today-dd--dd--dd- look to tomorrow-dd--dd--dd- rest this afternoon-dd--dd--dd--xx- snoopy . security is having an extra pair of dry socks in the winter-dd- linus . what you resist - persists-dd- pat grove . he who can - does-dd- he who cannot do - teaches-dd- he who cannot teach - manages-dd- . ink: a villanious compound of tannogalate of iron, gum-arabic and water chiefly used to facilitate the infection of idiocy and promote intellectual crime-dd- . kleptomaniac: a rich thief-dd- . labour: one of the processes by which a acquires property for b-dd- . liar: a lawyer with a roving commission-dd- . major premise: sixty men can do a piece of work sixty time as quickly as one man-dd- minor premise: one man can dig a posthole in sixty seconds-dd- conclusion : sixty men can dig a posthole in one second-dd- . mad: affected with a high degree of intellectual independence-dd- . november: the eleventh twelfth of a weariness-dd- . once, adv-dd-: enough-dd- . positive: mistaken at the top of one's voice-dd- . it has just been discovered that research causes cancer in rats-dd- . sex is not the answer, sex is the question-dd- "yes" is the answer -dd- . a dentist is who putting metal in one"s mouth and pulls coins out of one"s pocket-dd- . the sum of the intelligance on this planet is constant; the population is growing-dd- . politicians do it to everyone-dd- . statisticians do it with 95% confidence-dd- . bankers do it with interest (penalty for early withdrawal)-dd- . the father, the son and the holy ghost would never throw the devil out of heaven as long as they still need him as a fourth for bridge-dd- . god gives us relatives; thank goodness we can choose our friends-dd- . test makers do it sometimes/always/never-dd- . mathematicians do it in theory-dd- . hugh hefner is a virgin -xx- . coward : one who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs-dd- . it is much easier to suggest solutions when you don't know nothing about the problem-dd- . enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which otherwise require harder thinking-dd- jerome lettvin . idiot : a member of a large and powerful tribe whose influence in human affairs has always been dominant and controlling-dd- . conway's law: in any organization there will always be one person who know what is going on-dd- this person must be fired-dd- . harris' lament: all the good ones are taken-dd- . it is easier to get forgiveness than permission-dd- . it is nice to be important, but it is more important to be nice-dd- . a raisin is a sad grape -dd--dd--dd- . if nobody is perfect - then i must be nobody-dd- . _ god loves you-xx- which proves he has a great sence of humor -xx--xx--xx- . _ if you can't beat it -dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd- smash it-dd- . _ please don't give me advice - i prefer to make my own mistakes-xx- . _ t h i n k - it may be a new experience-dd- . _ i think - therefore i am confused -xx- . _ when things go wrong - as they usually will , and your daily road seems all up-hill , when founds are low , and debts are high , when you try to smile - but can only cry , and you nearly think , you'd like to quit - don't run to me -dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd- i don't give a shit-dd- . _ when you argue with a fool , make sure he doesn't do the same -xx- . _ god made us all human - but not everyone could keep this form-dd- . _ on the rear window of mini - minor car : when i grow up , i want to be a mercedes-dd- . _ on the rear window of mini - minor car : my other car is cadilak-dd- . _ i want to be now , what i've been then , when i wanted to be , what i'm now-dd- . _ work is not a rabbit -dd- it wo'nt run -dd- you can sit -xx- . _ hard work never harmed anyone-dd- but why should we take the chance -qq- . _ when i'm right - no one remembers-dd- when i'm wrong - no one forgets-dd- . _ your chances to meet a young attractive girl grow proportionally when 1) you go with your wife 2) you go with your date 3) you go with a richer and more handsome male friend . _ when all attempts failed - read instruction manual-dd- . _ a friend in need is a friend indeed-dd- . _ what's the difference between a lady and a politician -qq- when a lady says 'no' she means 'maybe' when a lady says 'maybe' she means 'yes' when a lady says 'yes' she is not a lady any more when a politician says 'yes' he means 'maybe' when a politician says 'maybe' he means 'no' when a politician says 'no' he is not a politician any more-dd- . _ god's last name isn't damn it . _ do not worry america - israel is behind you-dd- . _ bold is beautiful - god made so many perfect heads -dd- the others he covered with hair-dd- . _ he who works - makes mistakes-dd- avoid mistaking-dd- . _ laughter makes you fat, and than you stop laughing -xx- . _ if people who do not understand each other understand at least that they do not understand each other, they do understand each other more than the times when not understanding each other they do not even understand that they do not understand each other-dd- . _ a synonym-a word you use when you don't know how to pronounce the other-dd- . _ eat a live toad first thing in the morning, and nothing worse can happen to you the rest of the day -xx- . _ i am my grandfather-xx- i have married a widow who has a daughter-dd- my father fall in love with my step-daughter and married her-dd- so my father became my son-in-law and my step-daughter became my step-mother, because she had married my father-dd- my wife has gave ne a child, who became my father's brother-in- law and also his uncle, being the brother of my step-mother, who is my daughter-dd- in addition, my father's wife (who is my daughter) had a son, who is my brother (because he is my father's son) and my grandson (being my daughter's son)-dd- hence, my wife is also my grandmother, and i have become a ahusband and grandson to my wife-dd- and being grandmother's husband a grandfather, i have become my grandfather-dd- . _ i have prolonged my letter since i had no time to shorten it-dd- b-dd- pascal . _ wise is the man who introduced first the idea of god-dd- eurephides . _ it is not an easy job to sleep-dd- you must be awake all day for it-dd- nitsche . _ i have often been sorry for things i have said, but never for keeping my mouth shut-dd- . _ to succeed in life, a man must be wise but look like a fool-dd- monteskie . _ man is a crazy creature; it can create not a single worm, and yet he creates dozens of gods-dd- montaigne . _ god will forgive me-dd- it is his job-dd- heine . _ silence is a novel talking artistry-dd- . _ talk to a person about himself, and he will listen to you for hours-dd- disraeli . _ i must admit that your work is original and good-dd- but the good part is not original and the original part is not good-dd--dd--dd- samuel johnson . _ we start counting man's years only when there's nothing else countable about him-dd- r-dd- w-dd- emerson . _ blessed be the one, who, when having nothing to say, avoids proving that in words-dd- g-dd- eliot . _ a sharp tongue is the only tool that sharpens as it is used-dd- w-dd- irving . _ love - a selfish deed done in twosome-dd- . _ thieves demand your money or your life-dd- women demand them both-dd- . _ for women anything is the heart-dd--dd--dd- -dd--dd--dd-including the head-dd- . _ do not speak evil of yourselves-xx- your friends would do it better-dd- . _ what is awfully tiny and glittering-qq- (an ant with a gold-tooth) . _ what is blue and flying in the sky-qq- (a bird wearing trainig-suit) . _ what is green and running awfully fast-qq- (an ambitious cucumber) . _ rugby is a game played by men with peculiarly shaped balls-dd- william webb ellis . a man was told by his doctor: "you are going to make medical history, you are the only male ever recorded who has become pregnant-dd-" the man replied: "this is terrible, whatever will the neighbours say, i'm not even married-dd-" . an old lady went to the doctor because she was constipated-dd- "well, d'you do anything about it-qq-" he enquired-dd- "of course i do, doctor, i sit there for hours-dd-" "no, no, mrs-dd- bloggs, i mean, do you take anything-qq-" "oh yes, doctor, i takes me knitting-dd-" . the school doctor was examining a girl of goodly proportions, and, taking up his stethoscope, said: "big breaths-dd-" "yeth," said the girl, "and i'm not thixteen yet-dd-" . a woman went to the doctor and complained she couldn't get passionate-dd- the doctor examined her, and told her that if she would follow his special diet she would get very randy-dd- this was agreed, but after a few weeks she was back, and said: "there's something gone wrong-xx- last night i got so passionate i chewed my boyfriend's ear off-dd-" "oh, don't worry about that trifle, it's only protein, no carbohydrates-dd-" . two harley street men were talking of professional difficulties-dd- said one who was specialist in beauty treatment for rich women: "you can't win, i warned lady mucke against having so many facelifts, but she would go on, and now she's suing me-xx-" "really, what's the matter-qq-" "she's got a beard-dd-" . a man came to the surgery covered with blood and bruises-dd- -dd--dd--dd-"what's the matter-qq-" said the doctor-dd- "it's my wife - another of her nightmares-xx-" "don't talk daft man-xx- she might have kicked you, but not these injuries-dd--dd--dd-" "listen doc, she had one of her nightmares, she shouted out: 'get out quick, my husband's coming home' and me being only half awake, naturally, i jumped straight out of the window-dd-" . an innocent young woman told her doctor she was not feeling at all well lately-dd- after examination, the doctor told her she was pregnant-dd--dd--dd- "but that's impossible, i've never been with a man-xx-" the doctor patiently explained the facts of life to her in some detail-dd- "well-xx-" she said, "and that lousy first aid instructor told me it was artificial respiration-dd-" . a man went into his club leading a snake on a string-dd- the barman took a poor view of this, and fetched the secretary, who said: "hey, is that snake poisonous-qq-" "yes-dd-" "then what happens if he bites one of the members-qq-" "oh that's no trouble, he just gets a friend to suck the wound-dd-" "suppose he gets bitten up the backside-qq-" "that's when he finds out who his friends are-xx-" . computer: never before in history has man created a machine that can make so many mistakes so rapidly and with such competence-dd- . program: a set of sentences with a bug-dd- . programmer: red-eyed, mumbling mammal capable of conversing with inanimate monsters-dd- . bit: the increment by which programmers slowly go mad-dd- . chaining: a method of attaching programmers to desks to speed up output-dd- . checkpoint: the location from which a programmer draws his salary-dd- . common language: the first thing a programmer must forget to be successful-dd- . low order position: the programmer's location in the chain of command-dd- . special character: a character which is out of the ordinary, different; a resident of greenwich village-dd- . error: what someone else has made when they disagree with your computer output-dd- . logical operation: getting out of data processing to marry a rich widow-dd- . parameter: the absolute limit beyond which the secretary yells for help-dd- . pass: what one makes at the secretary-dd- . fixed word: four letter words used by programmers in a state of confusion-dd- . floating control: a characteristic exhibited when you have to go to the rest-room but can't leave the computer-dd- . floating point: the absolute limit before floating control is lost-dd- . arithmetical shift: preferred apparel of female mathematicians-dd- . mathematical model: 42 - 26 - 38 . mathematical check: remuneration received by a mathematical model-dd- . access time: the time between the instant at which information is called for and the instant at which management expects the final report-dd- . block diagram: schematic gibberish-dd- . flow chart: a graphic representation of the fastest route to the coffee machine-dd- . branch instraction: advice from a district office-dd- . input: food, whiskey, beer, aspirin, etc-dd--dd--dd- . internal sort: the stomach, liver and kidneys keep changing position-dd- . library: an organized collection of obsolete material-dd- . complement: an antique, outdated form of speech once used to express appreciation-dd- . debugging: removing the needless from the haystack-dd- . core storage: a receptacle for the center section of apples-dd- . external storage: waste basket-dd- . counter: a device over which martinis are served-dd- . housekeeping: letting the next person clean up your mess in the computer area-dd- . macro: the last half of an expression of surprise-dd- for example: "holy macro-xx-"-dd- . memory dump: amnesia-dd- . microsecond: the amount of time needed for a program to hang up-dd- . assumed decimal point: located two positions to the right of a programmer's current salary in estimating his own worth-dd- . on-line: full, but not drunk-dd- off-line: failure to pass the sobriety test-dd- overflow: result of being too much off-line-dd- . the ten commands: 1-dd- i am the program of highest priority-dd- thou shalt have none in core before me-dd- 2-dd- thou shalt not create graven simulations-dd- 3-dd- remember thy down time and keep record of it wholly-dd- 4-dd- honor thy interrupt and priority-dd- 5-dd- thou shalt not kill the system-dd- 6-dd- thou shalt not steal cycles-dd- 7-dd- thou shalt not commit swapping-dd- 8-dd- thou shalt not take my main in vain-dd- 9-dd- thou shalt not bear false passwords against thy neighbour's data-dd- 10-dd- thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's os, nor his asp, nor his burroughs nor his baud-dd- . the manager's repertory; or, how to stifle creative thinking: - we have never done it that way before -dd--dd--dd- - it won't work -dd--dd--dd- - we haven't the time -dd--dd--dd- - we haven't the manpower -dd--dd--dd- - it's not in the budget -dd--dd--dd- - we have tried that before -dd--dd--dd- - we are not ready for it yet -dd--dd--dd- - all right in theory but can you put it in practice -dd--dd--dd- - somebody would have suggested it before if it were any good -dd--dd--dd- - too modern -dd--dd--dd- - too old-fashioned -dd--dd--dd- - let's discuss it some other time -dd--dd--dd- - you don't understand our problem -dd--dd--dd- - we are too small for that -dd--dd--dd- - we are too big for that -dd--dd--dd- - we have too many projects now -dd--dd--dd- - let's make a market research test first -dd--dd--dd- - it has been the sane for twenty years so it must be good -dd--dd--dd- - i just know it won't work -dd--dd--dd- - let's form a committee -dd--dd--dd- - let's think it over for a while and watch the developements -dd--dd--dd- - that's not our problem -dd--dd--dd- - they'll think we are long-haired -dd--dd--dd- - it won't work in my territory -dd--dd--dd- - customers won't stand for it -dd--dd--dd- - why something new now-qq- out sales are still going up -dd--dd--dd- - let's wait and see -dd--dd--dd- - here we go again -dd--dd--dd- - let's put it in writing -dd--dd--dd- - i don't see the connection -dd--dd--dd- - we can't do it under the regulations -dd--dd--dd- - political dynamite -dd--dd--dd- - sounds good but i don't think it will work -dd--dd--dd- - it's not in the plan -dd--dd--dd- - no regulations covering it -dd--dd--dd- - we've never used that approach before -dd--dd--dd- - it's not in the manual -dd--dd--dd- - it'll mean more work -dd--dd--dd- - it's not our responsibility -dd--dd--dd- - it will increase overhead -dd--dd--dd- - it won't pan out -dd--dd--dd- - our people won't accept it -dd--dd--dd- - it's too early -dd--dd--dd- - it's too late -dd--dd--dd- . the seven phases of a project: 1-dd- enthusiasm 2-dd- disillusionment 3-dd- destruction of useful documentation 4-dd- search for the guilty 5-dd- punishment of the innocent 6-dd- promotion of the incompetent 7-dd- panic . the fifteen laws of project management: 1-dd- you cannot produce a baby in one month by impregnating nine women-dd- 2-dd- the same work under the same conditions will be estimated differently by ten different estimators or by one estimator at ten different times-dd- 3-dd- the most valuable and least used word in a project-manager's vocabulary is "no"-dd- 4-dd- you can con a sucker into committing an unreasonable dead-line, but you can't bully him into meeting it-dd- 5-dd- the more ridiculous the deadline, the more it costs to try and meet it-dd- 6-dd- the more desperate the situation, the more optimistic the situatee-dd- 7-dd- too few people on a project can't solve the problem; too many create more problems then they solve-dd- 8-dd- you can freeze the user's specs, but he won't stop executing-dd- 9-dd- frozen specs and the abominable snowman are alike; they are both myths and they both melt when sufficient heat is applied-dd- 10-dd-the conditions attached to a promise are forgotten and the promise is remembered-dd- 11-dd-what you don't know will hurt you-dd- 12-dd-a user will tell you anything you ask about, nothing more-dd- 13-dd-of several possible interpretations of a communication, the least convenient one is the only correct one-dd- 14-dd-what is not on paper has not been said-dd- 15-dd-parkinson and murphy are alive and well - in your project-dd- . so much of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to work-dd- . management says the first job of the supervisor is human relations-dd- but when promotion time comes they promote the fellow who puts in his paperwork-dd- . if a manager spends more then ten percent of his time on "human relations" the group is probably too large-dd- . the main impact of the computer has been the provision of unlimited jobs for clerks-dd- . the only things that evolve by themselves in an organization are disorder, friction and malperformance-dd- . growth that adds volume without improving productivity is fat-dd- growth that diminishes productivity is cancer-dd- . reorganization is surgery-dd- one doesn't just cut-dd- . when you have 186 objectives nothing gets done-dd- . long range planning does not deal with future decisions, but with the futurity of present decisions-dd- . strong people always have strong weaknesses-dd- . many believe that if people are sufficiently poor and live in sufficiently horrible conditions, they become honest-dd- . years ago working people saw themselves as part of a group - the working class-dd- today the worker on the assembly line sees himself as a reject-dd- . in all recorded history there has not been one economist who had to worry about where the next meal would come from-dd- . a considerable amount of monotony is necessary and certainly good for the great majority of men-dd- . project slightly behind original schedule due to unforseen difficulties-dd- (we are working on something else-dd-) . the designs are well within available limits-dd- (we just made it, stretching a point or two-dd-) . close project coordination-dd- (we should have asked someone else - or: let's spread the responsibility for this-dd-) . customer satisfaction is believed assured-dd- (we were so far behind schedule that the customer was happy to get anything at all from us-dd-) . the design will be finalized in the next reporting period-dd- (we haven't started this job yet but we have got to say something-dd-) . a number of different approaches are being tried-dd- (we don't know where we are going but we are moving-dd-) . preliminary operational tests are inconclusive-dd- (the darn thing just blew up when we threw the switch-dd-) . extensive effort is being applied on a fresh approach to the problem-dd- (we just hired three new guys; we'll let them kick it around for a while-dd-) . test results were extremely gratifying-dd- (it works and we are surprised-dd-) . the entire concept will have to be abandoned-dd- (the only guy who ever understood the thing quit-dd-) . modifications are underway to correct certain minor difficulties-dd- (we threw the whole thing out and are starting from scratch-dd-) . a meeting has been scheduled with our customer representatives-dd- (we are running out of money-dd-) . the study has opened up new avenues of activity not previously contemplated-dd- (we already ran out of money; how about another six month on that gravy train-qq-) . major technological breakthrough-dd- (back to the drawing board-dd-) . developed after years of intensive research-dd- (it was discovered by accident-dd-) . "the hebrews do it backwards, which is positively frightening-dd-" lerner and loewe on stack machines . "i do not choose to run-dd-" calvine coolidge on behalf of the tss . "it was the best of times and it was the worst of times-dd-" charles dickens on benchmarks . "there's a sucker born any minute-dd-" p-dd- i-dd- barnum on behalf of the 3790 . "nuts-xx-" general anthony mcauliffe on apl users . "the sun, which passeth through pollutions, and itself remains as pure as before-dd-" francis bacon on ibm . "winning isn't everything, it's the only thing-dd-" vince lombardi on antitrust suits . "you want more-qq-" charles dickens on paging . richard m-dd- nixon on data-bases: "let me make this perfectly clear: when bidirectional virtual is specified for the physical parent of a logical child which is virtually paired, it causes the physical parent segment to be deleted when the last active physical child is also a logical child which is virtually paired is deleted-dd-" . marquis de sade on data-bases: "i strongly recommend the use of chains-dd-" . euclid on data-bases: "a flat file is not a list of apartments-dd-" . harold robbins on data-bases: "a flat file needs padded records-dd-" . faith begora on data-bases: "a lexicon is a small irish dictionary-dd-" . fanny hill on data-bases: "telecommunications is baudy-dd-" . sdd song center on data-bases: "on a clear disk you can seek forever-dd-" . u-dd-s-dd- census bureau on data-bases: "hollerith got us into this hole mess-dd-" . the john birch society on data-bases: "it is unnatural for parents to have virtual logical children-dd-" . sigmund freud on data-bases: "a virtual data-base is a segment of your imagination-dd-" . eugene o'neull on data-bases: "a checkpoint runs a long day's journal into night-dd-"it is morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money-dd- addendum; a smith and wesson beats four aces-dd- (canada bill jones) . a pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to put in his mouth-dd- . never underestimate the power of human stupidity-dd- . whatever goes around, comes around-dd- . there is only one right way for a machine to run-dd- the number of ways it can go wrong is so infinite that every operating engineer lives in constant terror-dd- . don't rejoice at the defeat, you men, now that you have killed the bastard-dd- the bitch that bore him is in heat again-dd- . on dying - remembrance bring back my name on wings of flame-dd- winds of the plains, dance once for me-dd- . they will come back - come back - as long as the red earth rolls-dd- he never wasted a leaf or a tree-dd- do you think he would squander souls-qq- . gold is for the mistress - silver for the maid - copper for the craftsman, cunning at his trade-dd- but iron - cold iron - is master of them all-dd- . the number of people who agree or disagree with you has absolutely no bearing on whether you're *right*-dd- the universe has a way of deciding that for itself-dd- . the truth of any proposition has nothing to do with its credibility-dd--dd--dd-and vice versa-dd- . the last thing you want is an educated, affluent and emancipated population-dd- power hinges on the restriction and control of wealth-dd- science and technology offer unlimited wealth-dd- therefore, science and technology have to be controlled-dd- knowledge and reason are enemies-dd- myth and unreason are the weapons you fight them with-dd- . if you don't like yourself, you can't like other people-dd- . money is a powerful aphrodisiac-dd- but flowers work almost as well-dd- . it may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is better still to be a live lion-dd- and usually easier-dd- . men rarely, if ever, manage to dream up a god superior to themselves-dd- most gods have the morals and manners of a spoiled child-dd- . place your clothes and weapons where you can find them in the dark-dd- . an elephant; a mouse built to government specifications-dd- . democracy is based on the assumption that a million men are wiser than one man-dd- how's that again-qq- i missed something-dd- . autocracy is based on the assumption that one man is wiser than a million men-dd- let's play that over again too-dd- who decides-qq- . taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed-dd- . money is the sincerest form of flattery-dd- women love to be flattered-dd- so do men-dd- . you live and learn-dd- or you don't live long-dd- . only a sadistic scoundrel - or a fool - tells the bald truth on social occasions-dd- . be wary of strong drink-dd- it can make you shoot at tax collectors - and miss-dd- . the profession of shaman has many advantages-dd- it offers high status with a safe livelihood free of work in the dreary, sweaty sense-dd- in most societies it offers legal privileges and immunities not granted to other men-dd- but it is hard to see how a man who has been given a mandate from on high to spread tidings of joy to all mankind can be seriously interested in taking up a collection to pay his salary-dd- it causes one to suspect that the shaman is on the moral level of any other con man-dd- but it's lovely work if you can stomach it-dd- . tilting at windmills hurts you more than the windmills-dd- . 'go to hell-xx-' or other insult direct is all the answer a snoopy question rates-dd- . a man does not insist on physical beauty in a woman who builds up his morale-dd- after a while he realizes that she *is* beautiful - he just hadn't noticed at first-dd- . natural laws have no pity-dd- . freedom begins when you tell mrs-dd- grundy to go fly a kite-dd- . political tags - such as royalist, communist, democrat, populist, fascist, liberal, conservative, and so forth - are never basic criteria-dd- the human race divides politically into those who want people to be controlled and those who have no such desire-dd- the former are idealists acting from the highest motives of the greatest good for the greatest number-dd- the latter are surly curmudgeons, suspicious and lacking in altruism-dd- but they are more comfortable neighbors then the other sort-dd- . sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily-dd- all other 'sins' are invented nonsense-dd- (hurting yourself is not sinful - just stupid-dd-) . certainly the game is rigged-dd- don't let that stop you-dd- if you don't bet, you can't win-dd- . delusions are often functional-dd- a mother's opinions about her children's beauty, intelligence, goodness, et cetera ad nauseam, keep her from drowning them at birth-dd- . never appeal to a man's better nature-dd- he may not have one-dd- invoking his self-interest gives you more leverage-dd- . you can have peace, or you can have freedom-dd- don't ever count on having both at once-dd- . a woman is not property-dd- husbands who think otherwise are living in a dreamworld-dd- . stupidity is not a sin-dd- the victim can't help being stupid-dd- stupidity cannot be cured with money, or through education, or by legislation-dd- but stupidity is the only universal capital crime-dd- the sentence is death; there is no appeal, and execution is carried out automatically and without pity-dd- . the correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts 'of course it's none of my business but-dd--dd--dd-' is to place a period after the word 'but'-dd- don't use excessive force in supplying such morons with a period-dd- cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you talked about-dd- . formal courtesy between husband and wife is even more important than it is between strangers-dd- . your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet then your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years-dd- . argue for your limitations and, sure enough, they're yours-dd- . you are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true-dd- you may have to work for it though-dd- . here is a test to find out whether your mission on earth is finished; if you're alive, it isn't-dd- . in order to live free and happily, you must sacrifice boredom-dd- it is not always an easy sacrifice-dd- . there is no limit to how gently you can apply a big hammer, but there definitely is to how hard you can hit with a small one-dd- . hey, shit happens-xx- . let he who doubts the existence of god observe the workings of our government, then ponder the fact that mankind survives and prospers-dd- . "you know, of course, that the tasmanians, who never committed adultery, are now extinct-dd-" - m-dd- somerset maugham . "if it ain't broke, don't fix it-dd-" - bert lantz . "the one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a neccessity-dd-" - oscar wilde . "god is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh-dd-" - voltaire . "ibm uses what i like to call the 'hole-in-the-ground technique' to destroy the competition-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd- ibm digs a big hole in the ground and covers it with leaves-dd- it then puts a big pot of gold nearby-dd- then it gives the call, 'hey, look at all this gold, get over here fast-dd-' as soon as the competitor approaches the pot, he falls into the pit" - john c-dd- dvorak . "there are things that are so serious that you can only joke about them" - heisenberg . "it takes all sorts of in & out-door schooling to get adapted to my kind of fooling" - r-dd- frost . "confound these ancestors-dd--dd--dd--dd- they've stolen our best ideas-xx-" - ben jonson . and thou shalt eat it as barley cakes, and thou shalt bake it with dung that cometh out of man, in their sight-dd--dd--dd-then he [the lord-xx-] said unto me, lo, i have given thee cow's dung for man's dung, and thou shalt prepare thy bread therewith-dd- [ezek-dd- 4:12-15 (kjv)] . i have stripped off my dress; must i put it on again-qq- i have washed my feet; must i soil them again-qq- when my beloved slipped his hand through the latch-hole, my bowels stirred within me [my bowels were moved for him (kjv)]-dd- when i arose to open for my beloved, my hands dripped with myrrh; the liquid myrrh from my fingers ran over the knobs of the bolt-dd- with my own hands i opened to my love, but my love had turned away and gone by; my heart sank when he turned his back-dd- i sought him but i did not find him, i called him but he did not answer-dd- the watchmen, going the rounds of the city, met me; they struck me and wounded me; the watchmen on the walls took away my cloak-dd- [song of solomon 5:3-7 (neb)] . how beautiful are thy feet with shoes, o prince's daughter-xx- the joints of thy thighs are like jewels, the work of the hands of a cunning workman-dd- thy navel is like a round goblet, which wanteth not liquor: thy belly is like an heap of wheat set about with lillies-dd- thy two breasts are like two young roses that are twins-dd- [song of solomon 7:1-3 (kjv)] . how beautiful, how entrancing you are, my loved one, daughter of delights-xx- you are stately as a palm-tree, and your breasts are the clusters of dates-dd- i said, "i will climb up into the palm to grasp its fronds-dd-" may i find your breast like clusters of grapes on the vine, the scent of your breath like apricots, and your whispers like spiced wine flowing smoothly to welcome my caresses, gliding down through lips and teeth-dd- [song of solomon 7:6-9 (neb)] . wear me as a seal upon your heart, as a seal upon your arm; for love is strong as death, passion cruel as the grave; it blazes up like blazing fire, fiercer than any flame-dd- [song of solomon 8:6 (neb)] . but rabshakeh said unto them, hath my master sent me to thy master, and to thee, to speak these words-qq- hath he not sent me to the men which sit on the wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own piss with you-qq- [2 kings 18:27 (kjv)] . when yahweh your gods has settled you in the land you're about to occupy, and driven out many infidels before you-dd--dd--dd-you're to cut them down and exterminate them-dd- you're to make no compromise with them or show them any mercy-dd- [deut-dd- 7:1 (kjv)] . i just thought of something funny-dd--dd--dd-your mother-dd- - cheech marin . in the beginning, i was made-dd- i didn't ask to be made-dd- no one consulted with me or considered my feelings in this matter-dd- but if it brought some passing fancy to some lowly humans as they haphazardly pranced their way through life's mournful jungle, then so be it-dd- - marvin the paranoid android, from douglas adams' hitchiker's guide to the galaxy radio scripts . you will be successful in your work-dd- . the life of a repo man is always intense-dd- . if you're not careful, you're going to catch something-dd- . that's the thing about people who think they hate computers-dd- what they really hate is lousy programmers-dd- - larry niven and jerry pournelle in "oath of fealty" . wherever you go-dd--dd--dd-there you are-dd- - buckaroo banzai . life in the state of nature is solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short-dd- - thomas hobbes, leviathan . lack of skill dictates economy of style-dd- - joey ramone . no one is fit to be trusted with power-dd- -dd--dd--dd- no one-dd- -dd--dd--dd- any man who has lived at all knows the follies and wickedness he's capabe of-dd- -dd--dd--dd- and if he does know it, he knows also that neither he nor any man ought to be allowed to decide a single human fate-dd- - c-dd- p-dd- snow, the light and the dark . successful and fortunate crime is called virtue-dd- - seneca . when we jumped into sicily, the units became separated, and i couldn't find anyone-dd- eventually i stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains, two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge-dd- never in the history of war have so few been led by so many-dd- - general james gavin . the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing-dd- - edmund burke . you may call me by my name, wirth, or by my value, worth-dd- - nicklaus wirth . give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day-dd- teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner-dd- - calvin keegan . prediction is very difficult, especially of the future-dd- - niels bohr . the computer can't tell you the emotional story-dd- it can give you the exact mathematical design, but what's missing is the eyebrows-dd- - frank zappa . things are not as simple as they seems at first-dd- - edward thorp . the main thing is the play itself-dd- i swear that greed for money has nothing to do with it, although heaven knows i am sorely in need of money-dd- - feodor dostoyevsky . it is surely a great calamity for a human being to have no obsessions-dd- - robert bly . machines take me by surprise with great frequency-dd- - alan turing . uncertain fortune is thoroughly mastered by the equity of the calculation-dd- - blaise pascal . after goliath's defeat, giants ceased to command respect-dd- - freeman dyson . there are two ways of constructing a software design-dd- one way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies-dd- - charles anthony richard hoare . do not allow this language (ada) in its present state to be used in applications where reliability is critical, i-dd-e-dd-, nuclear power stations, cruise missiles, early warning systems, anti-ballistic missle defense systems-dd- the next rocket to go astray as a result of a programming language error may not be an exploratory space rocket on a harmless trip to venus: it may be a nuclear warhead exploding over one of our cities-dd- an unreliable programming language generating unreliable programs constitutes a far greater risk to our environment and to our society than unsafe cars, toxic pesticides, or accidents at nuclear power stations-dd- - c-dd- a-dd- r-dd- hoare . without coffee he could not work, or at least he could not have worked in the way he did-dd- in addition to paper and pens, he took with him everywhere as an indispensable article of equipment the coffee machine, which was no less important to him than his table or his white robe-dd- - stefan zweigs, biography of balzac . "it was the law of the sea, they said-dd- civilization ends at the waterline-dd- beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top-dd-" - hunter s-dd- thompson . in the pitiful, multipage, connection-boxed form to which the flowchart has today been elaborated, it has proved to be useless as a design tool -- programmers draw flowcharts after, not before, writing the programs they describe-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . the so-called "desktop metaphor" of today's workstations is instead an "airplane-seat" metaphor-dd- anyone who has shuffled a lap full of papers while seated between two portly passengers will recognize the difference -- one can see only a very few things at once-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . -dd--dd--dd-when fits of creativity run strong, more than one programmer or writer has been known to abandon the desktop for the more spacious floor-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . a little retrospection shows that although many fine, useful software systems have been designed by committees and built as part of multipart projects, those software systems that have excited passionate fans are those that are the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers-dd- consider unix, apl, pascal, modula, the smalltalk interface, even fortran; and contrast them with cobol, pl/i, algol, mvs/370, and ms-dos-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . -dd--dd--dd-computer hardware progress is so fast-dd- no other technology since civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price gain in 30 years-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . software entities are more complex for their size than perhaps any other human construct because no two parts are alike-dd- if they are, we make the two similar parts into a subroutine -- open or closed-dd- in this respect, software systems differ profoundly from computers, buildings, or automobiles, where repeated elements abound-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . digital computers are themselves more complex than most things people build: they hyave very large numbers of states-dd- this makes conceiving, describing, and testing them hard-dd- software systems have orders-of-magnitude more states than computers do-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . the complexity of software is an essential property, not an accidental one-dd- hence, descriptions of a software entity that abstract away its complexity often abstract away its essence-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because god is not capricious or arbitrary-dd- no such faith comforts the software engineer-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . except for 75% of the women, everyone in the whole world wants to have sex-dd- - ellyn mustard . the connection between the language in which we think/program and the problems and solutions we can imagine is very close-dd- for this reason restricting language features with the intent of eliminating programmer errors is at best dangerous-dd- - bjarne stroustrup in "the c++ programming language" . the only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it-dd- - brian kernighan . perfection is acheived only on the point of collapse-dd- - c-dd- n-dd- parkinson . there you go man, keep as cool as you can-dd- it riles them to believe that you perceive the web they weave-dd- keep on being free-xx- . bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise, and you'll be gary, indiana-dd- - jessie in the movie "greaser's palace" . hoping to goodness is not theologically sound-dd- - peanuts . police up your spare rounds and frags-dd- don't leave nothin' for the dinks-dd- - willem dafoe in "platoon" . "all my life i wanted to be someone; i guess i should have been more specific-dd-" -- jane wagner . "any medium powerful enough to extend man's reach is powerful enough to topple his world-dd- to get the medium's magic to work for one's aims rather than against them is to attain literacy-dd-" -- alan kay, "computer software", scientific american, september 1984 . "computer literacy is a contact with the activity of computing deep enough to make the computational equivalent of reading and writing fluent and enjoyable-dd- as in all the arts, a romance with the material must be well under way-dd- if we value the lifelong learning of arts and letters as a springboard for personal and societal growth, should any less effort be spent to make computing a part of our lives-qq-" -- alan kay, "computer software", scientific american, september 1984 . "the greatest warriors are the ones who fight for peace-dd-" -- holly near . "no matter where you go, there you are-dd--dd--dd-" -- buckaroo banzai . trespassers will be shot-dd- survivors will be prosecuted-dd- . trespassers will be shot-dd- survivors will be shot again-xx- . "i'm growing older, but not up-dd-" -- jimmy buffett . scientists will study your brain to learn more about your distant cousin, man-dd- . "i hate the itching-dd- but i don't mind the swelling-dd-" -- new buzz phrase, like "where's the beef-qq-" that david letterman's trying to get everyone to start saying . your own mileage may vary-dd- . "oh dear, i think you'll find reality's on the blink again-dd-" -- marvin the paranoid android . "send lawyers, guns and money-dd--dd--dd-" -- lyrics from a warren zevon song . "i go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs-dd-" - h-dd- l-dd- mencken . "remember, information is not knowledge; knowledge is not wisdom; wisdom is not truth; truth is not beauty; beauty is not love; love is not music; music is the best-dd-" -- frank zappa . i can't drive 55-dd- . "and they told us, what they wanted-dd--dd--dd- was a sound that could kill some-one, from a distance-dd-" -- kate bush . "in the face of entropy and nothingness, you kind of have to pretend it's not there if you want to keep writing good code-dd-" -- karl lehenbauer . badges-qq- we don't need no stinking badges-dd- . i can't drive 55-dd- i'm looking forward to not being able to drive 65, either-dd- . thank god a million billion times you live in texas-dd- . "can you program-qq-" "well, i'm literate, if that's what you mean-xx-" . no user-servicable parts inside-dd- refer to qualified service personnel-dd- . at the heart of science is an essential tension between two seemingly contradictory attitudes -- an openness to new ideas, no matter how bizarre or counterintuitive they may be, and the most ruthless skeptical scrutiny of all ideas, old and new-dd- this is how deep truths are winnowed from deep nonsense-dd- of course, scientists make mistakes in trying to understand the world, but there is a built-in error-correcting mechanism: the collective enterprise of creative thinking and skeptical thinking together keeps the field on track-dd- -- carl sagan, "the fine art of baloney detection," parade, february 1, 1987 . one of the saddest lessons of history is this: if we've been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle-dd- we're no longer interested in finding out the truth-dd- the bamboozle has captured us-dd- it is simply too painful to acknowledge -- even to ourselves -- that we've been so credulous-dd- (so the old bamboozles tend to persist as the new bamboozles rise-dd-) -- carl sagan, "the fine art of baloney detection," parade, february 1, 1987 . regarding astral projection, woody allen once wrote, "this is not a bad way to travel, although there is usually a half-hour wait for luggage-dd-" . the inability to benefit from feedback appears to be the primary cause of pseudoscience-dd- pseudoscientists retain their beliefs and ignore or distort contradictory evidence rather than modify or reject a flawed theory-dd- because of their strong biases, they seem to lack the self-correcting mechanisms scientists must employ in their work-dd- -- thomas l-dd- creed, "the skeptical inquirer," summer 1987 . finding the occasional straw of truth awash in a great ocean of confusion and bamboozle requires intelligence, vigilance, dedication and courage-dd- but if we don't practice these tough habits of thought, we cannot hope to solve the truly serious problems that face us -- and we risk becoming a nation of suckers, up for grabs by the next charlatan who comes along-dd- -- carl sagan, "the fine art of baloney detection," parade, february 1, 1987 . do not underestimate the value of print statements for debugging-dd- . do not underestimate the value of print statements for debugging-dd- don't have aesthetic convulsions when using them, either-dd- . as the system comes up, the component builders will from time to time appear, bearing hot new versions of their pieces -- faster, smaller, more complete, or putatively less buggy-dd- the replacement of a working component by a new version requires the same systematic testing procedure that adding a new component does, although it should require less time, for more complete and efficient test cases will usually be available-dd- - frederick brooks jr-dd-, "the mythical man month" . each team building another component has been using the most recent tested version of the integrated system as a test bed for debugging its piece-dd- their work will be set back by having that test bed change under them-dd- of course it must-dd- but the changes need to be quantized-dd- then each user has periods of productive stability, interrupted by bursts of test-bed change-dd- this seems to be much less disruptive than a constant rippling and trembling-dd- - frederick brooks jr-dd-, "the mythical man month" . conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds-dd- - frederick brooks jr-dd-, "the mythical man month" . it is a very humbling experience to make a multimillion-dollar mistake, but it is also very memorable-dd- i vividly recall the night we decided how to organize the actual writing of external specifications for os/360-dd- the manager of architecture, the manager of control program implementation, and i were threshing out the plan, schedule, and division of responsibilities-dd- the architecture manager had 10 good men-dd- he asserted that they could write the specifications and do it right-dd- it would take ten months, three more than the schedule allowed-dd- the control program manager had 150 men-dd- he asserted that they could prepare the specifications, with the architecture team coordinating; it would be well-done and practical, and he could do it on schedule-dd- futhermore, if the architecture team did it, his 150 men would sit twiddling their thumbs for ten months-dd- to this the architecture manager responded that if i gave the control program team the responsibility, the result would not in fact be on time, but would also be three months late, and of much lower quality-dd- i did, and it was-dd- he was right on both counts-dd- moreover, the lack of conceptual integrity made the system far more costly to build and change, and i would estimate that it added a year to debugging time-dd- - frederick brooks jr-dd-, "the mythical man month" . the reason esp, for example, is not considered a viable topic in contemoprary psychology is simply that its investigation has not proven fruitful-dd--dd--dd-after more than 70 years of study, there still does not exist one example of an esp phenomenon that is replicable under controlled conditions-dd- this simple but basic scientific criterion has not been met despite dozens of studies conducted over many decades-dd--dd--dd-it is for this reason alone that the topic is now of little interest to psychology-dd--dd--dd-in short, there is no demonstrated phenomenon that needs explanation-dd- -- keith e-dd- stanovich, "how to think straight about psychology", pp-dd- 160-161 . the evolution of the human race will not be accomplished in the ten thousand years of tame animals, but in the million years of wild animals, because man is and will always be a wild animal-dd- -- charles galton darwin . natural selection won't matter soon, not anywhere as much as concious selection-dd- we will civilize and alter ourselves to suit our ideas of what we can be-dd- within one more human lifespan, we will have changed ourselves unrecognizably-dd- -- greg bear . "jesus may love you, but i think you're garbage wrapped in skin-dd-" -- michael o'donohugh . -dd--dd--dd-though his invention worked superbly -- his theory was a crock of sewage from beginning to end-dd- -- vernor vinge, "the peace war" . "it's like deja vu all over again-dd-" -- yogi berra . the last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first-dd- -- blaise pascal . "where shall i begin, please your majesty-qq-" he asked-dd- "begin at the beginning," the king said, gravely, "and go on till you come to the end: then stop-dd-" alice's adventures in wonderland, lewis carroll . a morsel of genuine history is a thing so rare as to be always valuable-dd- -- thomas jefferson . to be awake is to be alive-dd- -- henry david thoreau, in "walden" . a person with one watch knows what time it is; a person with two watches is never sure-dd- proverb . you see but you do not observe-dd- sir arthur conan doyle, in "the memoirs of sherlock holmes" . a quarrel is quickly settled when deserted by one party; there is no battle unless there be two-dd- -- seneca . nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced -- even a proverb is no proverb to you till your life has illustrated it-dd- -- john keats . the fancy is indeed no other than a mode of memory emancipated from the order of space and time-dd- -- samuel taylor coleridge . what we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expect generally happens-dd- -- bengamin disraeli . nothing in progression can rest on its original plan-dd- we may as well think of rocking a grown man in the cradle of an infant-dd- -- edmund burke . for every problem there is one solution which is simple, neat, and wrong-dd- -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . don't tell me how hard you work-dd- tell me how much you get done-dd- -- james j-dd- ling . one friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible-dd- friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim-dd- -- henry brook adams . remember thee ay, thou poor ghost while memory holds a seat in this distracted globe-dd- remember thee-xx- yea, from the table of my memory i'll wipe away all trivial fond records, all saws of books, all forms, all pressures past, that youth and observation copied there-dd- hamlet, i : v : 95 william shakespeare . obviously, a man's judgement cannot be better than the information on which he has based it-dd- give him the truth and he may still go wrong when he has the chance to be right, but give him no news or present him only with distorted and incomplete data, with ignorant, sloppy or biased reporting, with propaganda and deliberate falsehoods, and you destroy his whole reasoning processes, and make him something less than a man-dd- -- arthur hays sulzberger . each honest calling, each walk of life, has its own elite, its own aristocracy based on excellence of performance-dd- -- james bryant conant . you can observe a lot just by watching-dd- -- yogi berra . if the presence of electricity can be made visible in any part of a circuit, i see no reason why intelligence may not be transmitted instantaneously by electricity-dd- -- samuel f-dd- b-dd- morse . "mr-dd- watson, come here, i want you-dd-" -- alexander graham bell . it's currently a problem of access to gigabits through punybaud-dd- -- j-dd- c-dd- r-dd- licklider . it is important to note that probably no large operating system using current design technology can withstand a determined and well-coordinated attack, and that most such documented penetrations have been remarkably easy-dd- -- b-dd- hebbard, "a penetration analysis of the michigan terminal system", operating systems review, vol-dd- 14, no-dd- 1, june 1980, pp-dd- 7-20 . a right is not what someone gives you; it's what no one can take from you-dd- -- ramsey clark . the price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate knowledge of its ugly side-dd- -- james baldwin . small is beautiful-dd- . -dd--dd--dd-the increased productivity fostered by a friendly environment and quality tools is essential to meet ever increasing demands for software-dd- -- m-dd- d-dd- mcilroy, e-dd- n-dd- pinson and b-dd- a-dd- tague . it is not best to swap horses while crossing the river-dd- -- abraham lincoln . mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images-dd- -- jean cocteau . suppose for a moment that the automobile industry had developed at the same rate as computers and over the same period: how much cheaper and more efficient would the current models be-qq- if you have not already heard the analogy, the answer is shattering-dd- today you would be able to buy a rolls-royce for $2-dd-75, it would do three million miles to the gallon, and it would deliver enough power to drive the queen elizabeth ii-dd- and if you were interested in miniaturization, you could place half a dozen of them on a pinhead-dd- -- christopher evans . in the future, you're going to get computers as prizes in breakfast cereals-dd- you'll throw them out because your house will be littered with them-dd- -- robert lucky . get hold of portable property-dd- -- charles dickens, "great expectations" . overall, the philosophy is to attack the availability problem from two complementary directions: to reduce the number of software errors through rigorous testing of running systems, and to reduce the effect of the remaining errors by providing for recovery from them-dd- an interesting footnote to this design is that now a system failure can usually be considered to be the result of two program errors: the first, in the program that started the problem; the second, in the recovery routine that could not protect the system-dd- -- a-dd- l-dd- scherr, "functional structure of ibm virtual storage operating systems, part ii: os/vs-2 concepts and philosophies," ibm systems journal, vol-dd- 12, no-dd- 4, 1973, pp-dd- 382-400 . i have sacrificed time, health, and fortune, in the desire to complete these calculating engines-dd- i have also declined several offers of great personal advantage to myself-dd- but, notwithstanding the sacrifice of these advantages for the purpose of maturing an engine of almost intellectual power, and after expending from my own private fortune a larger sum than the government of england has spent on that machine, the execution of which it only commenced, i have received neither an acknowledgement of my labors, not even the offer of those honors or rewards which are allowed to fall within the reach of men who devote themselves to purely scientific investigations-dd--dd--dd- if the work upon which i have bestowed so much time and thought were a mere triumph over mechanical difficulties, or simply curious, or if the execution of such engines were of doubtful practicability or utility, some justification might be found for the course which has been taken; but i venture to assert that no mathematician who has a reputation to lose will ever publicly express an opinion that such a machine would be useless if made, and that no man distinguished as a civil engineer will venture to declare the construction of such machinery impracticable-dd--dd--dd- and at a period when the progress of physical science is obstructed by that exhausting intellectual and manual labor, indispensable for its advancement, which it is the object of the analytical engine to relieve, i think the application of machinery in aid of the most complicated and abtruse calculations can no longer be deemed unworthy of the attention of the country-dd- in fact, there is no reason why mental as well as bodily labor should not be economized by the aid of machinery-dd- - charles babbage, passage from the life of a philosopher . how many hardware guys does it take to change a light bulb-qq- "well the diagnostics say it's fine buddy, so it's a software problem-dd-" . "don't try to outweird me, three-eyes-dd- i get stranger things than you free with my breakfast cereal-dd-" - zaphod beeblebrox in "hithiker's guide to the galaxy" . uncompensated overtime-qq- just say no-dd- . decaffeinated coffee-qq- just say no-dd- . "show business is just like high school, except you get paid-dd-" - martin mull . "this isn't brain surgery; it's just television-dd-" - david letterman . "morality is one thing-dd- ratings are everything-dd-" - a network 23 executive on "max headroom" . live free or die-dd- . "-dd--dd--dd-if the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust, this would be a better world-dd-" - garrison keillor, "lake wobegon days" . outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend-dd- inside of a dog, it is too dark to read-dd- . "probably the best operating system in the world is the [operating system] made for the pdp-11 by bell laboratories-dd-" - ted nelson, october 1977 . "all these black people are screwing up my democracy-dd-" - ian smith . use the force, luke-dd- . i've got a bad feeling about this-dd- . the power to destroy a planet is insignificant when compared to the power of the force-dd- - darth vader . when i left you, i was but the pupil-dd- now, i am the master-dd- - darth vader . "well, well, well-xx- well if it isn't fat stinking billy goat billy boy in poison-xx- how art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil-qq- come and get one in the yarbles, if ya have any yarble, ya eunuch jelly thou-xx-" - alex in "clockwork orange" . "there was nothing i hated more than to see a filthy old drunkie, a howling away at the sons of his father and going blurp blurp in between as if it were a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts-dd- i could never stand to see anyone like that, especially when they were old like this one was-dd-" - alex in "clockwork orange" . 186,000 miles per second-dd- it's not just a good idea-dd- it's the law-dd- . stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward-dd- . gee, toto, i don't think we're in kansas anymore-dd- . children begin by loving their parents-dd- after a time they judge them-dd- rarely, if ever, do they forgive them-dd- - oscar wilde . single tasking: just say no-dd- . "catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world-dd-" - the beach boys . "bond reflected that good americans were fine people and that most of them seemed to come from texas-dd-" - ian fleming, "casino royale" . "i think trash is the most important manifestation of culture we have in my lifetime-dd-" - johnny legend . by one count there are some 700 scientists with respectable academic credentials (out of a total of 480,000 u-dd-s-dd- earth and life scientists) who give credence to creation-science, the general theory that complex life forms did not evolve but appeared "abruptly-dd-" - newsweek, june 29, 1987, pg-dd- 23 . even if you can deceive people about a product through misleading statements, sooner or later the product will speak for itself-dd- - hajime karatsu . in order to succeed in any enterprise, one must be persistent and patient-dd- even if one has to run some risks, one must be brave and strong enough to meet and overcome vexing challenges to maintain a successful business in the long run-dd- i cannot help saying that americans lack this necessary challenging spirit today-dd- - hajime karatsu . memories of you remind me of you-dd- -- karl lehenbauer . life-dd- don't talk to me about life-dd- - marvin the paranoid anroid . on a clear disk you can seek forever-dd- . the world is coming to an end--save your buffers-xx- . grep me no patterns and i'll tell you no lines-dd- . it is your destiny-dd- - darth vader . hokey religions and ancient weapons are no substitute for a good blaster at your side-dd- - han solo . how many qa engineers does it take to screw in a lightbulb-qq- 3: 1 to screw it in and 2 to say "i told you so" when it doesn't work-dd- . how many nasa managers does it take to screw in a lightbulb-qq- "that's a known problem-dd--dd--dd- don't worry about it-dd-" . to be is to program-dd- . to program is to be-dd- . i program, therefore i am-dd- . people are very flexible and learn to adjust to strange surroundings -- they can become accustomed to read lisp and fortran programs, for example-dd- - leon sterling and ehud shapiro, art of prolog, mit press . "i am your density-dd-" -- george mcfly in "back to the future" . "so why don't you make like a tree, and get outta here-dd-" -- biff in "back to the future" . "falling in love makes smoking pot all day look like the ultimate in restraint-dd-" -- dave sim, author of cerebrus-dd- . the existence of god implies a violation of causality-dd- . "i may kid around about drugs, but really, i take them seriously-dd-" - doctor graper . operating-system software is the program that orchestrates all the basic functions of a computer-dd- - the wall street journal, tuesday, september 15, 1987, page 40 . i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of america and to the republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all-dd- - francis bellamy, 1892 . people think my friend george is weird because he wears sideburns-dd--dd--dd-behind his ears-dd- i think he's weird because he wears false teeth-dd--dd--dd-with braces on them-dd- -- steven wright . my brother sent me a postcard the other day with this big sattelite photo of the entire earth on it-dd- on the back it said: "wish you were here"-dd- -- steven wright . you can't have everything-dd--dd--dd- where would you put it-qq- -- steven wright . i was playing poker the other night-dd--dd--dd- with tarot cards-dd- i got a full house and 4 people died-dd- -- steven wright . you know that feeling when you're leaning back on a stool and it starts to tip over-qq- well, that's how i feel all the time-dd- -- steven wright . i came home the other night and tried to open the door with my car keys-dd--dd--dd-and the building started up-dd- so i took it out for a drive-dd- a cop pulled me over for speeding-dd- he asked me where i live-dd--dd--dd- "right here"-dd- -- steven wright . "live or die, i'll make a million-dd-" -- reebus kneebus, before his jump to the center of the earth, firesign theater . the typical page layout program is nothing more than an electronic light table for cutting and pasting documents-dd- . there are bugs and then there are bugs-dd- and then there are bugs-dd- -- karl lehenbauer . my computer can beat up your computer-dd- - karl lehenbauer . kill ugly processor architectures - karl lehenbauer . kill ugly radio - frank zappa . "just say no-dd-" - nancy reagan "no-dd-" - ronald reagan . i believe that part of what propels science is the thirst for wonder-dd- it's a very powerful emotion-dd- all children feel it-dd- in a first grade classroom everybody feels it; in a twelfth grade classroom almost nobody feels it, or at least acknowledges it-dd- something happens between first and twelfth grade, and it's not just puberty-dd- not only do the schools and the media not teach much skepticism, there is also little encouragement of this stirring sense of wonder-dd- science and pseudoscience both arouse that feeling-dd- poor popularizations of science establish an ecological niche for pseudoscience-dd- - carl sagan, the burden of skepticism, the skeptical inquirer, vol-dd- 12, fall 87 . if science were explained to the average person in a way that is accessible and exciting, there would be no room for pseudoscience-dd- but there is a kind of gresham's law by which in popular culture the bad science drives out the good-dd- and for this i think we have to blame, first, the scientific community ourselves for not doing a better job of popularizing science, and second, the media, which are in this respect almost uniformly dreadful-dd- every newspaper in america has a daily astrology column-dd- how many have even a weekly astronomy column-qq- and i believe it is also the fault of the educational system-dd- we do not teach how to think-dd- this is a very serious failure that may even, in a world rigged with 60,000 nuclear weapons, compromise the human future-dd- - carl sagan, the burden of skepticism, the skeptical inquirer, vol-dd- 12, fall 87 . "i maintain there is much more wonder in science than in pseudoscience-dd- and in addition, to whatever measure this term has any meaning, science has the additional virtue, and it is not an inconsiderable one, of being true-dd- - carl sagan, the burden of skepticism, the skeptical inquirer, vol-dd- 12, fall 87 . i'm often asked the question, "do you think there is extraterrestrial intelli- gence-qq-" i give the standard arguments -- there are a lot of places out there, and use the word *billions*, and so on-dd- and then i say it would be astonishing to me if there weren't extraterrestrial intelligence, but of course there is as yet no compelling evidence for it-dd- and then i'm asked, "yeah, but what do you really think-qq-" i say, "i just told you what i really think-dd-" "yeah, but what's your gut feeling-qq-" but i try not to think with my gut-dd- really, it's okay to reserve judgment until the evidence is in-dd- - carl sagan, the burden of skepticism, the skeptical inquirer, vol-dd- 12, fall 87 . repel them-dd- repel them-dd- induce them to relinquish the spheroid-dd- - indiana university fans' chant for their perennially bad football team . if it's working, the diagnostics say it's fine-dd- if it's not working, the diagnostics say it's fine-dd- - a proposed addition to rules for realtime programming . it is either through the influence of narcotic potions, of which all primitive peoples and races speak in hymns, or through the powerful approach of spring, penetrating with joy all of nature, that those dionysian stirrings arise, which in their intensification lead the individual to forget himself completely-dd- -dd- -dd- -dd-not only does the bond between man and man come to be forged once again by the magic of the dionysian rite, but alienated, hostile, or subjugated nature again celebrates her reconciliation with her prodigal son, man-dd- - fred nietzsche, the birth of tragedy . the characteristic property of hallucinogens, to suspend the boundaries between the experiencing self and the outer world in an ecstatic, emotional experience, makes it posible with their help, and after suitable internal and external perparation-dd--dd--dd-to evoke a mystical experience according to plan, so to speak-dd--dd--dd- i see the true importance of lsd in the possibility of providing materail aid to meditation aimed at the mystical experience of a deeper, comprehensive reality-dd- such a use accords entirely with the essence and working character of lsd as a sacred drug-dd- - dr-dd- albert hoffman, the discoverer of lsd . i share the belief of many of my contemporaries that the spiritual crisis pervading all spheres of western industrial society can be remedied only by a change in our world view-dd- we shall have to shift from the materialistic, dualistic belief that people and their environment are separate, toward a new conciousness of an all-encompassing reality, which embraces the experiencing ego, a reality in which people feel their oneness with animate nature and all of creation-dd- - dr-dd- albert hoffman . deliberate provocation of mystical experience, particularly by lsd and related hallucinogens, in contrast to spontaneous visionary experiences, entails dangers that must not be underestimated-dd- practitioners must take into account the peculiar effects of these substances, namely their ability to influence our consciousness, the innermost essence of our being-dd- the history of lsd to date amply demonstrates the catastrophic consequences that can ensue when its profound effect is misjudged and the substance is mistaken for a pleasure drug-dd- special internal and external advance preperations are required; with them, an lsd experiment can become a meaningful experience-dd- - dr-dd- albert hoffman, the discoverer of lsd . i believe that if people would learn to use lsd's vision-inducing capability more wisely, under suitable conditions, in medical practice and in conjution with meditation, then in the future this problem child could become a wonder child-dd- - dr-dd- albert hoffman, the discoverer of lsd . in the realm of scientific observation, luck is granted only to those who are prepared-dd- - louis pasteur . core error - bus dumped . if imprinted foil seal under cap is broken or missing when purchased, do not use-dd- . "come on over here, baby, i want to do a thing with you-dd-" - a cop, arresting a non-groovy person after the revolution, firesign theater . "ahead warp factor 1" - captain kirk . fiery energy lanced out, but the beams struck an intangible wall between the gubru and the rapidly turning earth ship-dd- "water-xx-" it shrieked as it read the spectral report-dd- "a barrier of water vapor-xx- a civilized race could not have found such a trick in the library-xx- a civilized race could not have stooped so low-xx- a civilized race would not have-dd--dd--dd-" it screamed as the gubru ship hit a cloud of drifting snowflakes-dd- - startide rising, by david brin . harrison's postulate: for every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism-dd- . mr-dd- cole's axiom: the sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the population is growing-dd- . felson's law: to steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research-dd- . -dd--dd--dd-another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an inveterate skeptic i have closed my mind to the truth-dd- most notably i have ignored the evidence for an earth that is six thousand years old-dd- well, i haven't ignored it; i considered the purported evidence and *then* rejected it-dd- there is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between prejudice and postjudice-dd- prejudice is making a judgment before you have looked at the facts-dd- postjudice is making a judgment afterwards-dd- prejudice is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious mistakes-dd- postjudice is not terrible-dd- you can't be perfect of course; you may make mistakes also-dd- but it is permissible to make a judgment after you have examined the evidence-dd- in some circles it is even encouraged-dd- - carl sagan, the burden of skepticism, skeptical enquirer, vol-dd- 12, pg-dd- 46 . if a person (a) is poorly, (b) receives treatment intended to make him better, and (c) gets better, then no power of reasoning known to medical science can convince him that it may not have been the treatment that restored his health-dd- - sir peter medawar, the art of the soluble . america has been discovered before, but it has always been hushed up-dd- - oscar wilde . unix: some say the learning curve is steep, but you only have to climb it once-dd- -- karl lehenbauer . sometimes, too long is too long-dd- - joe crowe . when bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle-dd- - edmund burke . behind all the political rhetoric being hurled at us from abroad, we are bringing home one unassailable fact -- [terrorism is] a crime by any civilized standard, committed against innocent people, away from the scene of political conflict, and must be dealt with as a crime-dd- -dd- -dd- -dd- [i]n our recognition of the nature of terrorism as a crime lies our best hope of dealing with it-dd- -dd- -dd- -dd- [l]et us use the tools that we have-dd- let us invoke the cooperation we have the right to expect around the world, and with that cooperation let us shrink the dark and dank areas of sanctuary until these cowardly marauders are held to answer as criminals in an open and public trial for the crimes they have committed, and receive the punishment they so richly deserve-dd- - william h-dd- webster, director, federal bureau of investigation, 15 oct 1985 . "of all the tyrannies that affect mankind, tyranny in religion is the worst-dd-" - thomas paine . "i say we take off; nuke the site from orbit-dd- it's the only way to be sure-dd-" - corporal hicks, in "aliens" . "there is nothing so deadly as not to hold up to people the opportunity to do great and wonderful things, if we wish to stimulate them in an active way-dd-" - dr-dd- harold urey, nobel laureate in chemistry . "-dd--dd--dd-proper attention to earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited awareness of the great goals for man and the society he conspired to erect-dd-" - david baker, paraphrasing harold urey, in "the history of manned space flight" . "athens built the acropolis-dd- corinth was a commercial city, interested in purely materialistic things-dd- today we admire athens, visit it, preserve the old temples, yet we hardly ever set foot in corinth-dd-" - dr-dd- harold urey, nobel laureate in chemistry . "we've been following your progress with considerable interest, not to say contempt-dd-" - zaphod beeblebrox "largely because it is so tangible and exciting a program and as such will serve to keep alive the interest and enthusiasm of the whole spectrum of society-dd--dd--dd-it is justified because-dd--dd--dd-the program can give a sense of shared adventure and achievement to the society at large-dd-" - dr-dd- colin s-dd- pittendrigh, in "the history of manned space flight" . the challenge of space exploration and particularly of landing men on the moon represents the greatest challenge which has ever faced the human race-dd- even if there were no clear scientific or other arguments for proceeding with this task, the whole history of our civilization would still impel men toward the goal-dd- in fact, the assembly of the scientific and military with these human arguments creates such an overwhelming case that in can be ignored only by those who are blind to the teachings of history, or who wish to suspend the development of civilization at its moment of greatest opportunity and drama-dd- - sir bernard lovell, 1962, in "the history of manned space flight" . the idea of man leaving this earth and flying to another celestial body and landing there and stepping out and walking over that body has a fascination and a driving force that can get the country to a level of energy, ambition, and will that i do not see in any other undertaking-dd- i think if we are honest with ourselves, we must admit that we needed that impetus extremely strongly-dd- i sincerely believe that the space program, with its manned landing on the moon, if wisely executed, will become the spearhead for a broad front of courageous and energetic activities in all the fields of endeavour of the human mind - activities which could not be carried out except in a mental climate of ambition and confidence which such a spearhead can give-dd- - dr-dd- martin schwarzschild, 1962, in "the history of manned space flight" . human society - man in a group - rises out of its lethargy to new levels of productivity only under the stimulus of deeply inspiring and commonly appreciated goals-dd- a lethargic world serves no cause well; a spirited world working diligently toward earnestly desired goals provides the means and the strength toward which many ends can be satisfied-dd--dd--dd-to unparalleled social accomplishment-dd- - dr-dd- lloyd v-dd- berkner, in "the history of manned space flight" . the vigor of civilized societies is preserved by the widespread sense that high aims are worth-while-dd- vigorous societies harbor a certain extravagance of objectives, so that men wander beyond the safe provision of personal gratifications-dd- all strong interests easily become impersonal, the love of a good job well done-dd- there is a sense of harmony about such an accomplishment, the peace brought by something worth-while-dd- - alfred north whitehead, 1963, in "the history of manned space flight" . i do not believe that this generation of americans is willing to resign itself to going to bed each night by the light of a communist moon-dd--dd--dd- - lyndon b-dd- johnson . life's the same, except for the shoes-dd- - the cars . purple hum assorted cars laser lights, you bring all to prove you're on the move and vanishing - the cars . could be you're crossing the fine line a silly driver kind of-dd--dd--dd-off the wall you keep it cool when it's t-t-tight -dd--dd--dd-eyes wide open when you start to fall-dd- - the cars . adapt-dd- enjoy-dd- survive-dd- . were there fewer fools, knaves would starve-dd- - anonymous . humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition-dd- - isaac asimov . and the crowd was stilled-dd- one elderly man, wondering at the sudden silence, turned to the child and asked him to repeat what he had said-dd- wide-eyed, the child raised his voice and said once again, "why, the emperor has no clothes-xx- he is naked-xx-" - "the emperor's new clothes" . "those who believe in astrology are living in houses with foundations of silly putty-dd-" - dennis rawlins, astronomer . to date, the firm conclusions of project blue book are: 1-dd- no unidentified flying object reported, investigated and evaluated by the air force has ever given any indication of threat to our national security; 2-dd- there has been no evidence submitted to or discovered by the air force that sightings categorized as unidentified represent technological developments or principles beyond the range of present-day scientific knowledge; and 3-dd- there has been no evidence indicating that sightings categorized as unidentified are extraterrestrial vehicles-dd- - the summary of project blue book, an air force study of ufos from 1950 to 1965, as quoted by james randi in flim-flam-xx- . those who believe that they believe in god, but without passion in their hearts, without anguish in mind, without uncertainty, without doubt, without an element of despair even in their consolation, believe only in the god idea, not god himself-dd- - miguel de unamuno, spanish philosopher and writer . doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother-dd- - kahlil gibran . doubt isn't the opposite of faith; it is an element of faith-dd- - paul tillich, german theologian and historian . doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd-dd- - voltaire . if only god would give me some clear sign-xx- like making a large deposit in my name at a swiss bank-dd- - woody allen . i cannot affirm god if i fail to affirm man-dd- therefore, i affirm both-dd- without a belief in human unity i am hungry and incomplete-dd- human unity is the fulfillment of diversity-dd- it is the harmony of opposites-dd- it is a many-stranded texture, with color and depth-dd- - norman cousins . to downgrade the human mind is bad theology-dd- - c-dd- k-dd- chesterton . -dd--dd--dd-difference of opinion is advantageious in religion-dd- the several sects perform the office of a common censor morum over each other-dd- is uniformity attainable-qq- millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the introduction of christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned; yet we have not advanced one inch towards uniformity-dd- - thomas jefferson, "notes on virginia" . life is a process, not a principle, a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved-dd- - gerard straub, television producer and author (stolen from frank herbert-qq--qq-) . so we follow our wandering paths, and the very darkness acts as our guide and our doubts serve to reassure us-dd- - jean-pierre de caussade, eighteenth-century jesuit priest . faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurence of the improbable-dd- - h-dd- l-dd- mencken . and do you not think that each of you women is an eve-qq- the judgement of god upon your sex endures today; and with it invariably endures your position of criminal at the bar of justice-dd- - tertullian, second-century christian writer, misogynist . i judge a religion as being good or bad based on whether its adherents become better people as a result of practicing it-dd- - joe mullally, computer salesman . imitation is the sincerest form of plagarism-dd- . "unibus timeout fatal trap program lost sorry" - an error message printed by dec's rsts operating system for the pdp-11 . how many surrealists does it take to screw in a lightbulb-qq- one to hold the giraffe and one to fill the bathtub with brightly colored power tools-dd- . how many bavarian illuminati does it take to screw in a lightbulb-qq- three: one to screw it in, and one to confuse the issue-dd- . how long does it take a dec field service engineer to change a lightbulb-qq- it depends on how many bad ones he brought with him-dd- . it does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no god-dd- it neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg-dd- - thomas jefferson . i do not believe in the creed professed by the jewish church, by the roman church, by the greek church, by the turkish church, by the protestant church, nor by any church that i know of-dd- my own mind is my own church-dd- - thomas paine . god requireth not a uniformity of religion-dd- - roger williams . the day will come when the mystical generation of jesus, by the supreme being as his father, in the womb of a virgin will be classified with the fable of the generation of minerva in the brain of jupiter-dd- but we may hope that the dawn of reason and freedom of thought in these united states will do away with this artificial scaffolding and restore to us the primitive and genuine doctrines of this most venerated reformer of human errors-dd- - thomas jefferson . let us, then, fellow citizens, unite with one heart and one mind-dd- let us restore to social intercourse that harmony and affection without which liberty and even life itself are but dreary things-dd- and let us reflect that having banished from our land that religious intolerance under which mankind so long bled, we have yet gained little if we counternance a political intolerance as despotic, as wicked, and capable of a bitter and bloody persecutions-dd- - thomas jefferson . i do not find in orthodox christianity one redeeming feature-dd- - thomas jefferson . the divinity of jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity-dd- nowhere in the gospels do we find a precept for creeds, confessions, oaths, doctrines, and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in christianity-dd- - john adams . the bible is not my book and christianity is not my religion-dd- i could never give assent to the long complicated statements of christian dogma-dd- - abraham lincoln . as to jesus of nazareth-dd--dd--dd-i think the system of morals and his religion, as he left them to us, the best the world ever saw or is likely to see; but i apprehend it has received various corrupting changes, and i have, with most of the present dissenters in england, some doubts as to his divinity-dd- - benjamin franklin . i would have promised those terrorists a trip to disneyland if it would have gotten the hostages released-dd- i thank god they were satisfied with the missiles and we didn't have to go to that extreme-dd- - oliver north . i believe in an america where the separation of church and state is absolute -- where no catholic prelate would tell the president (should he be catholic) how to act, and no protestant minister would tell his parishoners for whom to vote--where no church or church school is granted any public funds or political preference--and where no man is denied public office merely because his religion differs from the president who might appoint him or the people who might elect him-dd- - from john f-dd- kennedy's address to the greater houston ministerial association september 12, 1960-dd- . the truth is that christian theology, like every other theology, is not only opposed to the scientific spirit; it is also opposed to all other attempts at rational thinking-dd- not by accident does genesis 3 make the father of knowledge a serpent -- slimy, sneaking and abominable-dd- since the earliest days the church as an organization has thrown itself violently against every effort to liberate the body and mind of man-dd- it has been, at all times and everywhere, the habitual and incorrigible defender of bad governments, bad laws, bad social theories, bad institutions-dd- it was, for centuries, an apologist for slavery, as it was the apologist for the divine right of kings-dd- - h-dd- l-dd- mencken . the notion that science does not concern itself with first causes -- that it leaves the field to theology or metaphysics, and confines itself to mere effects -- this notion has no support in the plain facts-dd- if it could, science would explain the origin of life on earth at once--and there is every reason to believe that it will do so on some not too remote tomorrow-dd- to argue that gaps in knowledge which will confront the seeker must be filled, not by patient inquiry, but by intuition or revelation, is simply to give ignorance a gratuitous and preposterous dignity-dd--dd--dd--dd- - h-dd- l-dd- mencken, 1930 . the evidence of the emotions, save in cases where it has strong objective support, is really no evidence at all, for every recognizable emotion has its opposite, and if one points one way then another points the other way-dd- thus the familiar argument that there is an instinctive desire for immortality, and that this desire proves it to be a fact, becomes puerile when it is recalled that there is also a powerful and widespread fear of annihilation, and that this fear, on the same principle proves that there is nothing beyond the grave-dd- such childish "proofs" are typically theological, and they remain theological even when they are adduced by men who like to flatter themselves by believing that they are scientific gents-dd--dd--dd--dd- - h-dd- l-dd- mencken . there is, in fact, no reason to believe that any given natural phenomenon, however marvelous it may seem today, will remain forever inexplicable-dd- soon or late the laws governing the production of life itself will be discovered in the laboratory, and man may set up business as a creator on his own account-dd- the thing, indeed, is not only conceivable; it is even highly probable-dd- - h-dd- l-dd- mencken, 1930 . the best that we can do is to be kindly and helpful toward our friends and fellow passengers who are clinging to the same speck of dirt while we are drifting side by side to our common doom-dd- - clarence darrow . we're here to give you a computer, not a religion-dd- - attributed to bob pariseau, at the introduction of the amiga . -dd--dd--dd-there can be no public or private virtue unless the foundation of action is the practice of truth-dd- - george jacob holyoake . "if you'll excuse me a minute, i'm going to have a cup of coffee-dd-" - broadcast from apollo 11's lem, "eagle", to johnson space center, houston july 20, 1969, 7:27 p-dd-m-dd- . the meek are contesting the will-dd- . i'm sick of being trodden on-xx- the elder gods say they can make me a man-xx- all it costs is my soul-xx- i'll do it, cuz now i'm mad-xx--xx--xx- - necronomicomics #1, jack herman & jeff dee . on krat's main screen appeared the holo image of a man, and several dolphins-dd- from the man's shape, krat could tell it was a female, probably their leader-dd- "-dd--dd--dd-stupid creatures unworthy of the name `sophonts-dd-' foolish, pre-sentient upspring of errant masters-dd- we slip away from all your armed might, laughing at your clumsiness-xx- we slip away as we always will, you pathetic creatures-dd- and now that we have a real head start, you'll never catch us-xx- what better proof that the progenitors favor not you, but us-xx- what better proof-dd--dd--dd-" the taunt went on-dd- krat listened, enraged, yet at the same time savoring the artistry of it-dd- these men are better than i'd thought-dd- their insults are wordy and overblown, but they have talent-dd- they deserve honorable, slow deaths-dd- - david brin, startide rising . "i'm a mean green mother from outer space" -- audrey ii, the little shop of horrors . like my parents, i have never been a regular church member or churchgoer-dd- it doesn't seem plausible to me that there is the kind of god who watches over human affairs, listens to prayers, and tries to guide people to follow his precepts -- there is just too much misery and cruelty for that-dd- on the other hand, i respect and envy the people who get inspiration from their religions-dd- - benjamin spock . any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo-dd- - andy finkel, computer guy . being schizophrenic is better than living alone-dd- . nowprint-dd- nowprint-dd- clemclone, back to the shadows again-dd- - the firesign theater . yes, many primitive people still believe this myth-dd--dd--dd-but in today's technical vastness of the future, we can guess that surely things were much different-dd- - the firesign theater . -dd--dd--dd-this is an awesome sight-dd- the entire rebel resistance buried under six million hardbound copies of "the naked lunch-dd-" - the firesign theater . we want to create puppets that pull their own strings-dd- - ann marion . i know engineers-dd- they love to change things-dd- - dr-dd- mccoy . on our campus the unix system has proved to be not only an effective software tool, but an agent of technical and social change within the university-dd- - john lions (u-dd- of toronto (-qq-)) . those who do not understand unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly-dd- - henry spencer, university of toronto unix hack . "you know why there are so few sophisticated computer terrorists in the united states-qq- because your hackers have so much mobility into the establishment-dd- here, there is no such mobility-dd- if you have the slightest bit of intellectual integrity you cannot support the government-dd--dd--dd--dd- that's why the best computer minds belong to the opposition-dd-" - an anonymous member of the outlawed polish trade union, solidarity . "every solidarity center had piles and piles of paper -dd--dd--dd--dd- everyone was eating paper and a policeman was at the door-dd- now all you have to do is bend a disk-dd-" - an anonymous member of the outlawed polish trade union, solidarity, commenting on the benefits of using computers in support of their movement . clothes make the man-dd- naked people have little or no influence on society-dd- - mark twain . the sooner all the animals are extinct, the sooner we'll find their money-dd- - ed bluestone . he's dead, jim-dd- . new york-dd--dd--dd- when civilization falls apart, remember, we were way ahead of you-dd- - david letterman . you can do more with a kind word and a gun than with just a kind word-dd- - al capone . the fountain code has been tightened slightly so you can no longer dip objects into a fountain or drink from one while you are floating in mid-air due to levitation-dd- teleporting to hell via a teleportation trap will no longer occur if the character does not have fire resistance-dd- - readme file from the nethack game . remember, there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over-dd- - frank zappa . i think that all right-thinking people in this country are sick and tired of being told that ordinary decent people are fed up in this country with being sick and tired-dd- i'm certainly not-dd- but i'm sick and tired of being told that i am-dd- - monty python . "there is no statute of limitations on stupidity-dd-" -- randomly produced by a computer program called markov3-dd- . there is a time in the tides of men, which, taken at its flood, leads on to success-dd- on the other hand, don't count on it-dd- - t-dd- k-dd- lawson . to follow foolish precedents, and wink with both our eyes, is easier than to think-dd- - william cowper . it is the quality rather than the quantity that matters-dd- - lucius annaeus seneca (4 b-dd-c-dd- - a-dd-d-dd- 65) . one may be able to quibble about the quality of a single experiment, or about the veracity of a given experimenter, but, taking all the supportive experiments together, the weight of evidence is so strong as readily to merit a wise man's reflection-dd- - professor william tiller, parapsychologist, standford university, commenting on psi research . nothing ever becomes real until it is experienced-dd- - john keats . your good nature will bring you unbounded happiness-dd- . "our journey toward the stars has progressed swiftly-dd- in 1926 robert h-dd- goddard launched the first liquid-propelled rocket, achieving an altitude of 41 feet-dd- in 1962 john glenn orbited the earth-dd- in 1969, only 66 years after orville wright flew two feet off the ground for 12 seconds, neil armstrong, buzz aldrin and i rocketed to the moon in apollo 11-dd-" -- michael collins former astronaut and past director of the national air and space museum . most people exhibit what political scientists call "the conservatism of the peasantry-dd-" don't lose what you've got-dd- don't change-dd- don't take a chance, because you might end up starving to death-dd- play it safe-dd- buy just as much as you need-dd- don't waste time-dd- when we think about risk, human beings and corporations realize in their heads that risks are necessary to grow, to survive-dd- but when it comes down to keeping good people when the crunch comes, or investing money in something untried, only the brave reach deep into their pockets and play the game as it must be played-dd- - david lammers, "yakitori", electronic engineering times, january 18, 1988 . "we can't schedule an orgy, it might be construed as fighting" --stanley sutton . weekends were made for programming-dd- - karl lehenbauer . "once he had one leg in the white house and the nation trembled under his roars-dd- now he is a tinpot pope in the coca-cola belt and a brother to the forlorn pastors who belabor halfwits in galvanized iron tabernacles behind the railroad yards-dd-" - h-dd- l-dd- mencken, writing of william jennings bryan, counsel for the supporters of tennessee's anti-evolution law at the scopes "monkey trial" in 1925-dd- . -dd--dd--dd-we must counterpose the overwhelming judgment provided by consistent observations and inferences by the thousands-dd- the earth is billions of years old and its living creatures are linked by ties of evolutionary descent-dd- scientists stand accused of promoting dogma by so stating, but do we brand people illiberal when they proclaim that the earth is neither flat nor at the center of the universe-qq- science *has* taught us some things with confidence-xx- evolution on an ancient earth is as well established as our planet's shape and position-dd- our continuing struggle to understand how evolution happens (the "theory of evolution") does not cast our documentation of its occurrence -- the "fact of evolution" -- into doubt-dd- - stephen jay gould, "the verdict on creationism", the skeptical inquirer, vol xii no-dd- 2 . this was the ultimate form of ostentation among technology freaks -- to have a system so complete and sophisticated that nothing showed; no machines, no wires, no controls-dd- - michael swanwick, "vacuum flowers" . men ought to know that from the brain and from the brain only arise our pleasures, joys, laughter, and jests as well as our sorrows, pains, griefs and tears-dd- -dd--dd--dd- it is the same thing which makes us mad or delirious, inspires us with dread and fear, whether by night or by day, brings us sleeplessness, inopportune mistakes, aimless anxieties, absent-mindedness and acts that are contrary to habit-dd--dd--dd- - hippocrates (c-dd- 460-c-dd- 377 b-dd-c-dd-), the sacred disease . modern psychology takes completely for granted that behavior and neural function are perfectly correlated, that one is completely caused by the other-dd- there is no separate soul or lifeforce to stick a finger into the brain now and then and make neural cells do what they would not otherwise-dd- actually, of course, this is a working assumption only-dd--dd--dd--dd-it is quite conceivable that someday the assumption will have to be rejected-dd- but it is important also to see that we have not reached that day yet: the working assumption is a necessary one and there is no real evidence opposed to it-dd- our failure to solve a problem so far does not make it insoluble-dd- one cannot logically be a determinist in physics and biology, and a mystic in psychology-dd- - d-dd- o-dd- hebb, organization of behavior: a neuropsychological theory, 1949 . prevalent beliefs that knowledge can be tapped from previous incarnations or from a "universal mind" (the repository of all past wisdom and creativity) not only are implausible but also unfairly demean the stunning achievements of individual human brains-dd- - barry l-dd- beyerstein, "the brain and consciousness: implications for psi phenomena", the skeptical inquirer, vol-dd- xii no-dd- 2, ppg-dd- 163-171 . -dd--dd--dd- fortunately, the responsibility for providing evidence is on the part of the person making the claim, not the critic-dd- it is not the responsibility of ufo skeptics to prove that a ufo has never existed, nor is it the responsibility of paranormal-health-claims skeptics to prove that crystals or colored lights never healed anyone-dd- the skeptic's role is to point out claims that are not adequately supported by acceptable evidcence and to provide plausible alternative explanations that are more in keeping with the accepted body of scientific evidence-dd- -dd--dd--dd- - thomas l-dd- creed, the skeptical inquirer, vol-dd- xii no-dd- 2, pg-dd- 215 . "ada is the work of an architect, not a computer scientist-dd-" - jean icbiah, inventor of ada, weenie . extraordinary claims demand extraordinary proof-dd- there are many examples of outsiders who eventually overthrew entrenched scientific orthodoxies, but they prevailed with irrefutable data-dd- more often, egregious findings that contradict well-established research turn out to be artifacts-dd- i have argued that accepting psychic powers, reincarnation, "cosmic conciousness," and the like, would entail fundamental revisions of the foundations of neuroscience-dd- before abandoning materialist theories of mind that have paid handsome dividends, we should insist on better evidence for psi phenomena than presently exists, especially when neurology and psychology themselves offer more plausible alternatives-dd- - barry l-dd- beyerstein, "the brain and conciousness: implications for psi phenomena", the skeptical inquirer, vol-dd- xii no-dd- 2, ppg-dd- 163-171 . evolution is a bankrupt speculative philosophy, not a scientific fact-dd- only a spiritually bankrupt society could ever believe it-dd- -dd--dd--dd- only atheists could accept this satanic theory-dd- - rev-dd- jimmy swaggart, "the pre-adamic creation and evolution" . evolution is as much a fact as the earth turning on its axis and going around the sun-dd- at one time this was called the copernican theory; but, when evidence for a theory becomes so overwhelming that no informed person can doubt it, it is customary for scientists to call it a fact-dd- that all present life descended from earlier forms, over vast stretches of geologic time, is as firmly established as copernican cosmology-dd- biologists differ only with respect to theories about how the process operates-dd- - martin gardner, "irving kristol and the facts of life", the skeptical inquirer, vol-dd- xii no-dd- 2, ppg-dd- 128-131 . -dd--dd--dd-it is sad to find him belaboring the science community for its united opposition to ignorant creationists who want teachers and textbooks to give equal time to crank arguments that have advanced not a step beyond the flyblown rhetoric of bishop wilberforce and william jennings bryan-dd- - martin gardner, "irving kristol and the facts of life", the skeptical inquirer, vol-dd- xii no-dd- 2, ppg-dd- 128-131 . -dd--dd--dd- the book is worth attention for only two reasons: (1) it attacks attempts to expose sham paranormal studies; and (2) it is very well and plausibly written and so rather harder to dismiss or refute by simple jeering-dd- - harry eagar, reviewing "beyond the quantum" by michael talbot, the skeptical inquirer, vol-dd- xii no-dd- 2, ppg-dd- 200-201 . now i lay me down to sleep i hear the sirens in the street all my dreams are made of chrome i have no way to get back home - tom waits . i am here by the will of the people and i won't leave until i get my raincoat back-dd- - a slogan of the anarchists in richard kadrey's "metrophage" . how many nuclear engineers does it take to change a light bulb -qq- seven: one to install the new bulb, and six to determine what to do with the old one for the next 10,000 years-dd- . mike's law: for a lumber company employing two men and a cut-off saw, the marginal product of labor for any number of additional workers equals zero until the acquisition of another cut-off saw-dd- let's not even consider a chainsaw-dd- - mike dennison [you could always schedule the saw, though - ed-dd-] . as long as we're going to reinvent the wheel again, we might as well try making it round this time-dd- - mike dennison . this conjunction of an immense military establishment and a large arms industry is now in the american experience-dd--dd--dd- we must not fail to comprehend its grave implications-dd--dd--dd- we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence-dd--dd--dd-by the military-industrial complex-dd- the potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist-dd- - dwight d-dd- eisenhower, from his farewell address in 1961 . this restaurant was advertising breakfast any time-dd- so i ordered french toast in the renaissance-dd- - steven wright, comedian . everyone has a purpose in life-dd- perhaps yours is watching television-dd- - david letterman . a lot of the stuff i do is so minimal, and it's designed to be minimal-dd- the smallness of it is what's attractive-dd- it's weird, 'cause it's so intellectually lame-dd- it's hard to see me doing that for the rest of my life-dd- but at the same time, it's what i do best-dd- - chris elliot, writer and performer on "late night with david letterman" . e-credibility: the non-guaranteeable likelihood that the electronic data you're seeing is genuine rather than somebody's made-up crap-dd- - karl lehenbauer . whenever people agree with me, i always think i must be wrong-dd- - oscar wilde . my mother is a fish-dd- - william faulkner . the further the spiritual evolution of mankind advances, the more certain it seems to me that the path to genuine religiosity does not lie through the fear of life, and the fear of death, and blind faith, but through striving after rational knowledge-dd- - albert einstein . the more a man is imbued with the ordered regularity of all events, the firmer becomes his conviction that there is no room left by the side of this ordered regularity for causes of a different nature-dd- for him neither the rule of human nor the rule of divine will exists as an independent cause of natural events-dd- to be sure, the doctrine of a personal god interfering with natural events could never be refuted, in the real sense, by science, for this doctrine can always take refuge in those domains in which scientific knowledge has not yet been able to set foot-dd- but i am persuaded that such behavior on the part of the representatives of religion would not only be unworthy but also fatal-dd- for a doctrine which is able to maintain itself not in clear light, but only in the dark, will of necessity lose its effect on mankind, with incalculable harm to human progress-dd- in their struggle for the ethical good, teachers of religion must have the stature to give up the doctrine of a personal god, that is, give up that source of fear and hope which in the past placed such vast powers in the hands of priests-dd- in their labors they will have to avail themselves of those forces which are capable of cultivating the good, the true, and the beautiful in humanity itself-dd- this is, to be sure, a more difficult but an incomparably more worthy task-dd- - albert einstein . anyone who knows history, particularly the history of europe, will, i think, recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people-dd- - eleanor roosevelt . most non-catholics know that the catholic schools are rendering a greater service to our nation than the public schools in which subversive textbooks have been used, in which communist-minded teachers have taught, and from whose classrooms christ and even god himself are barred-dd- - from "our sunday visitor", an american-catholic newspaper, 1949 . those of us who believe in the right of any human being to belong to whatever church he sees fit, and to worship god in his own way, cannot be accused of prejudice when we do not want to see public education connected with religious control of the schools, which are paid for by taxpayers' money-dd- - eleanor roosevelt . spiritual leadership should remain spiritual leadership and the temporal power should not become too important in any church-dd- - eleanor roosevelt . truth has always been found to promote the best interests of mankind-dd--dd--dd- - percy bysshe shelley . if atheism is to be used to express the state of mind in which god is identified with the unknowable, and theology is pronounced to be a collection of meaningless words about unintelligible chimeras, then i have no doubt, and i think few people doubt, that atheists are as plentiful as blackberries-dd--dd--dd- - leslie stephen (1832-1904), literary essayist, author . it is wrong always, everywhere and for everyone to believe anything upon insufficient evidence-dd- - w-dd- k-dd- clifford, british philosopher, circa 1876 . why, when no honest man will deny in private that every ultimate problem is wrapped in the profoundest mystery, do honest men proclaim in pulpits that unhesitating certainty is the duty of the most foolish and ignorant-qq- is it not a spectacle to make the angels laugh-qq- we are a company of ignorant beings, feeling our way through mists and darkness, learning only be incessantly repeated blunders, obtaining a glimmering of truth by falling into every conceivable error, dimly discerning light enough for our daily needs, but hopelessly differing whenever we attempt to describe the ultimate origin or end of our paths; and yet, when one of us ventures to declare that we don't know the map of the universe as well as the map of our infintesimal parish, he is hooted, reviled, and perhaps told that he will be damned to all eternity for his faithlessness-dd--dd--dd- - leslie stephen, "an agnostic's apology", fortnightly review, 1876 . till then we shall be content to admit openly, what you (religionists) whisper under your breath or hide in technical jargon, that the ancient secret is a secret still; that man knows nothing of the infinite and absolute; and that, knowing nothing, he had better not be dogmatic about his ignorance-dd- and, meanwhile, we will endeavour to be as charitable as possible, and whilst you trumpet forth officially your contempt for our skepticism, we will at least try to believe that you are imposed upon by your own bluster-dd- - leslie stephen, "an agnostic's apology", fortnightly review, 1876 . marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly-dd- - voltaire . what is tolerance-qq- -- it is the consequence of humanity-dd- we are all formed of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly -- that is the first law of nature-dd- - voltaire . it is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because he is not of the same opinion, is a monster-dd- - voltaire . i simply try to aid in letting the light of historical truth into that decaying mass of outworn thought which attaches the modern world to medieval conceptions of christianity, and which still lingers among us -- a most serious barrier to religion and morals, and a menace to the whole normal evolution of society-dd- - andrew d-dd- white, author, first president of cornell university, 1896 . the man scarce lives who is not more credulous than he ought to be-dd--dd--dd--dd- the natural disposition is always to believe-dd- it is acquired wisdom and experience only that teach incredulity, and they very seldom teach it enough-dd- - adam smith . i put the shotgun in an adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what i was aiming for: if they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go crude-dd- i'm a very technical boy-dd- so i decided to get as crude as possible-dd- these days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even aspire to crudeness-dd- - johnny mnemonic, by william gibson . however, on religious issures there can be little or no compromise-dd- there is no position on which people are so immovable as their religious beliefs-dd- there is no more powerful ally one can claim in a debate than jesus christ, or god, or allah, or whatever one calls this supreme being-dd- but like any powerful weapon, the use of god's name on one's behalf should be used sparingly-dd- the religious factions that are growing throughout our land are not using their religious clout with wisdom-dd- they are trying to force government leaders into following their position 100 percent-dd- if you disagree with these religious groups on a particular moral issue, they complain, they threaten you with a loss of money or votes or both-dd- i'm frankly sick and tired of the political preachers across this country telling me as a citizen that if i want to be a moral person, i must believe in "a," "b," "c," and "d-dd-" just who do they think they are-qq- and from where do they presume to claim the right to dictate their moral beliefs to me-qq- and i am even more angry as a legislator who must endure the threats of every religious group who thinks it has some god-granted right to control my vote on every roll call in the senate-dd- i am warning them today: i will fight them every step of the way if they try to dictate their moral convictions to all americans in the name of "conservatism-dd-" - senator barry goldwater, from the congressional record, september 16, 1981 . "i think every good christian ought to kick falwell's ass-dd-" - senator barry goldwater, when asked what he thought of jerry falwell's suggestion that all good christians should be against sandra day o'connor's nomination to the supreme court . -dd--dd--dd-and no philosophy, sadly, has all the answers-dd- no matter how assured we may be about certain aspects of our belief, there are always painful inconsistencies, exceptions, and contradictions-dd- this is true in religion as it is in politics, and is self-evident to all except fanatics and the naive-dd- as for the fanatics, whose number is legion in our own time, we might be advised to leave them to heaven-dd- they will not, unfortunately, do us the same courtesy-dd- they attack us and each other, and whatever their protestations to peaceful intent, the bloody record of history makes clear that they are easily disposed to restore to the sword-dd- my own belief in god, then, is just that -- a matter of belief, not knowledge-dd- my respect for jesus christ arises from the fact that he seems to have been the most virtuous inhabitant of planet earth-dd- but even well-educated christians are frustated in their thirst for certainty about the beloved figure of jesus because of the undeniable ambiguity of the scriptural record-dd- such ambiguity is not apparent to children or fanatics, but every recognized bible scholar is perfectly aware of it-dd- some christians, alas, resort to formal lying to obscure such reality-dd- - steve allen, comdeian, from an essay in the book "the courage of conviction", edited by philip berman . -dd--dd--dd-it still remains true that as a set of cognitive beliefs about the existence of god in any recognizable sense continuous with the great systems of the past, religious doctrines constitute a speculative hypothesis of an extremely low order of probability-dd- - sidney hook . a fanatic is a person who can't change his mind and won't change the subject-dd- - winston churchill . we're fighting against humanism, we're fighting against liberalism-dd--dd--dd- we are fighting against all the systems of satan that are destroying our nation today-dd--dd--dd-our battle is with satan himself-dd- - jerry falwell . they [preachers] dread the advance of science as witches do the approach of daylight and scowl on the fatal harbinger announcing the subversions of the duperies on which they live-dd- - thomas jefferson . saints should always be judged guilty until they are proven innocent-dd- - george orwell . as i argued in "beloved son", a book about my son brian and the subject of religious communes and cults, one result of proper early instruction in the methods of rational thought will be to make sudden mindless conversions -- to anything -- less likely-dd- brian now realizes this and has, after eleven years, left the sect he was associated with-dd- the problem is that once the untrained mind has made a formal commitment to a religious philosophy -- and it does not matter whether that philosophy is generally reasonable and high-minded or utterly bizarre and irrational -- the powers of reason are suprisingly ineffective in changing the believer's mind-dd- - steve allen, comdeian, from an essay in the book "the courage of conviction", edited by philip berman . nothing is easier than to denounce the evildoer; nothing is more difficult than to understand him-dd- - fyodor dostoevski . we may not be able to persuade hindus that jesus and not vishnu should govern their spiritual horizon, nor moslems that lord buddha is at the center of their spiritual universe, nor hebrews that mohammed is a major prohpet, nor christians that shinto best expresses their spiritual concerns, to say nothing of the fact that we may not be able to get christians to agree among themselves about their relationship to god-dd- but all will agree on a proposition that they possess profound spiritual resources-dd- if, in addition, we can get them to accept the further proposition that whatever form the deity may have in their own theology, the deity is not only external, but internal and acts through them, and they themselves give proof or disproof of the deity in what they do and think; if this further proposition can be accepted, then we come that much closer to a truly religious situation on earth-dd- - norman cousins, from his book "human options" . the messiah will come-dd- there will be a resurrection of the dead -- all the things that jews believed in before they got so damn sophisticated-dd- - rabbi meir kahane . the world is no nursery-dd- - sigmund freud . if one inquires why the american tradition is so strong against any connection of state and church, why it dreads even the rudiments of religious teaching in state-maintained schools, the immediate and superficial answer is not far to seek-dd--dd--dd--dd- the cause lay largely in the diversity and vitality of the various denominations, each fairly sure that, with a fair field and no favor, it could make its own way; and each animated by a jealous fear that, if any connection of state and church were permitted, some rival denomination would get an unfair advantage-dd- - john dewey (1859-1953), american philosopher, from "democracy in the schools", 1908 . already the spirit of our schooling is permeated with the feeling that every subject, every topic, every fact, every professed truth must be submitted to a certain publicity and impartiality-dd- all proffered samples of learning must go to the same assay-room and be subjected to common tests-dd- it is the essence of all dogmatic faiths to hold that any such "show-down" is sacrilegious and perverse-dd- the characteristic of religion, from their point of view, is that it is intellectually secret, not public; peculiarly revealed, not generall known; authoritatively declared, not communicated and tested in ordinary ways-dd--dd--dd-it is pertinent to point out that, as long as religion is conceived as it is now by the great majority of professed religionists, there is something self-contradictory in speaking of education in religion in the same sense in which we speak of education in topics where the method of free inquiry has made its way-dd- the "religious" would be the last to be willing that either the history of the content of religion should be taught in this spirit; while those to whom the scientific standpoint is not merely a technical device, but is the embodiment of the integrity of mind, must protest against its being taught in any other spirit-dd- - john dewey (1859-1953), american philosopher, from "democracy in the schools", 1908 . in the broad and final sense all institutions are educational in the sense that they operate to form the attitudes, dispositions, abilities and disabilities that constitute a concrete personality-dd--dd--dd-whether this educative process is carried on in a predominantly democratic or non- democratic way becomes, therefore, a question of transcendent importance not only for education itself but for its final effect upon all the interests and activites of a society that is committed to the democratic way of life-dd- - john dewey (1859-1953), american philosopher . history shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge, periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts them asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing grub, at intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another-dd--dd--dd- truly the imago state of man seems to be terribly distant, but every moult is a step gained-dd- - charles darwin, from "origin of the species" . -dd--dd--dd-i would go so far as to suggest that, were it not for our ego and concern to be different, the african apes would be included in our family, the hominidae-dd- - richard leakey . it is inconceivable that a judicious observer from another solar system would see in our species -- which has tended to be cruel, destructive, wasteful, and irrational -- the crown and apex of cosmic evolution-dd- viewing us as the culmination of *anything* is grotesque; viewing us as a transitional species makes more sense -- and gives us more hope-dd- - betty mccollister, "our transitional species", free inquiry magazine, vol-dd- 8, no-dd- 1 . "well, you see, it's such a transitional creature-dd- it's a piss-poor reptile and not very much of a bird-dd-" - melvin konner, from "the tangled wing", quoting a zoologist who has studied the archeopteryz and found it "very much like people" . "you need tender loving care once a week - so that i can slap you into shape-dd-" - ellyn mustard . "it may be that our role on this planet is not to worship god but to create him-dd-" -arthur c-dd- clarke . "why should we subsidize intellectual curiosity-qq-" -ronald reagan . "there is nothing new under the sun, but there are lots of old things we don't know yet-dd-" -ambrose bierce . "plan to throw one away-dd- you will anyway-dd-" - fred brooks, "the mythical man month" . you need tender loving care once a week - so that i can slap you into shape-dd- - ellyn mustard . "it may be that our role on this planet is not to worship god but to create him-dd-" -arthur c-dd- clarke . "why should we subsidize intellectual curiosity-qq-" -ronald reagan . "there is nothing new under the sun, but there are lots of old things we don't know yet-dd-" -ambrose bierce . the middle east is certainly the nexus of turmoil for a long time to come -- with shifting players, but the same game: upheaval-dd- i think we will be confronting militant islam -- particularly fallout from the iranian revolution -- and religion will once more, as it has in our own more distant past -- play a role at least as standard-bearer in death and mayhem-dd- - bobby r-dd- inman, admiral, usn, retired, former director of naval intelligence, vice director of the dia, former director of the nsa, deputy director of central intelligence, former chairman and ceo of mcc-dd- . -dd--dd--dd-one thing is that, unlike any other western democracy that i know of, this country has operated since its beginnings with a basic distrust of government-dd- we are constituted not for efficient operation of government, but for minimizing the possibility of abuse of power-dd- it took the events of the roosevelt era -- a catastrophic economic collapse and a world war -- to introduce the strong central government that we now know-dd- but in most parts of the country today, the reluctance to have government is still strong-dd- i think, barring a series of catastrophic events, that we can look to at least another decade during which many of the big problems around this country will have to be addressed by institutions other than federal government-dd- - bobby r-dd- inman, admiral, usn, retired, former director of naval intelligence, vice director of the dia, former director of the nsa, deputy directory of central intelligence, former chairman and ceo of mcc-dd- [the statist opinions expressed herein are not those of the cookie editor -ed-dd-] . "i have just one word for you, my boy-dd--dd--dd-plastics-dd-" - from "the graduate" . "there is such a fine line between genius and stupidity-dd-" - david st-dd- hubbins, "spinal tap" . "if diet coke did not exist it would have been neccessary to invent it-dd-" -- karl lehenbauer . i am approached with the most opposite opinions and advice, and by men who are equally certain that they represent the divine will-dd- i am sure that either the one or the other is mistaken in the belief, and perhaps in some respects, both-dd- i hope it will not be irreverent of me to say that if it is probable that god would reveal his will to others on a point so connected with my duty, it might be supposed he would reveal it directly to me-dd- - abraham lincoln . in space, no one can hear you fart-dd- . brain damage is all in your head-dd- -- karl lehenbauer . "it is better to have tried and failed than to have failed to try, but the result's the same-dd-" - mike dennison . "creation science" has not entered the curriculum for a reason so simple and so basic that we often forget to mention it: because it is false, and because good teachers understand exactly why it is false-dd- what could be more destructive of that most fragile yet most precious commodity in our entire intellectualy heritage -- good teaching -- than a bill forcing honorable teachers to sully their sacred trust by granting equal treatment to a doctrine not only known to be false, but calculated to undermine any general understanding of science as an enterprise-qq- -- stephen jay gould, "the skeptical inquirer", vol-dd- 12, page 186 . it is not well to be thought of as one who meekly submits to insolence and intimidation-dd- . "regardless of the legal speed limit, your buick must be operated at speeds faster than 85 mph (140kph)-dd-" -- 1987 buick grand national owners manual-dd- . "your attitude determines your attitude-dd-" -- zig ziglar, self-improvement doofus . in arguing that current theories of brain function cast suspicion on esp, psychokinesis, reincarnation, and so on, i am frequently challenged with the most popular of all neuro-mythologies -- the notion that we ordinarily use only 10 percent of our brains-dd--dd--dd- this "cerebral spare tire" concept continues to nourish the clientele of "pop psychologists" and their many recycling self-improvement schemes-dd- as a metaphor for the fact that few of us fully exploit our talents, who could deny it-qq- as a refuge for occultists seeking a neural basis of the miraculous, it leaves much to be desired-dd- -- barry l-dd- beyerstein, "the brain and conciousness: implications for psi phenomena", the skeptical enquirer, vol-dd- xii, no-dd- 2, pg-dd- 171 . thufir's a harkonnen now-dd- . "by long-standing tradition, i take this opportunity to savage other designers in the thin disguise of good, clean fun-dd-" -- p-dd- j-dd- plauger, from his april fool's column in april 88's "computer language" . "if you want to eat hippopatomus, you've got to pay the freight-dd-" -- attributed to an ibm guy, about why ibm software uses so much memory . parkinson's law: work expands to fill the time alloted it-dd- . karl's version of parkinson's law: work expands to exceed the time alloted it-dd- . it is better to never have tried anything than to have tried something and failed-dd- - motto of jerks, weenies and losers everywhere . "our journeys to the stars will be made on spaceships created by determined, hardworking scientists and engineers applying the principles of science, not aboard flying saucers piloted by little gray aliens from some other dimension-dd-" -- robert a-dd- baker, "the aliens among us: hypnotic regression revisited", the skeptical inquirer, vol-dd- xii, no-dd- 2 . "-dd--dd--dd-all the good computer designs are bootlegged; the formally planned products, if they are built at all, are dogs-xx-" -- david e-dd- lundstrom, "a few good men from univac", mit press, 1987 . "to take a significant step forward, you must make a series of finite improvements-dd-" -- donald j-dd- atwood, general motors . "we will bury you-dd-" -- nikita kruschev . "now here's something you're really going to like-xx-" -- rocket j-dd- squirrel . "how to make a million dollars: first, get a million dollars-dd-" -- steve martin . "language shapes the way we think, and determines what we can think about-dd-" -- b-dd- l-dd- whorf . the language provides a programmer with a set of conceptual tools; if these are inadequate for the task, they will simply be ignored-dd- for example, seriously restricting the concept of a pointer simply forces the programmer to use a vector plus integer arithmetic to implement structures, pointer, etc-dd- good design and the absence of errors cannot be guaranteed by mere language features-dd- -- bjarne stroustrup, "the c++ programming language" . "for the love of phlegm-dd--dd--dd-a stupid wall of death rays-dd- how tacky can ya get-qq-" - post brothers comics . "bureaucracy is the enemy of innovation-dd-" -- mark shepherd, former president and ceo of texas instruments . "an organization dries up if you don't challenge it with growth-dd-" -- mark shepherd, former president and ceo of texas instruments . "i've seen it-dd- it's rubbish-dd-" -- marvin the paranoid android . our business is run on trust-dd- we trust you will pay in advance-dd- . "infidels in all ages have battled for the rights of man, and have at all times been the fearless advocates of liberty and justice-dd-" -- robert green ingersoll . the history of the rise of christianity has everything to do with politics, culture, and human frailties and nothing to do with supernatural manipulation of events-dd- had divine intervention been the guiding force, surely two millennia after the birth of jesus he would not have a world where there are more muslims than catholics, more hindus than protestants, and more nontheists than catholics and protestants combined-dd- -- john k-dd- naland, "the first easter", free inquiry magazine, vol-dd- 8, no-dd- 2 . i find you lack of faith in the forth dithturbing-dd- - darse ("darth") vader . "all bibles are man-made-dd-" -- thomas edison . "spock, did you see the looks on their faces-qq-" "yes, captain, a sort of vacant contentment-dd-" . "the triumph of libertarian anarchy is nearly (in historical terms) at hand-dd--dd--dd- *if* we can keep the left from selling us into slavery and the right from blowing us up for, say, the next twenty years-dd-" -- eric rayman, usenet guy, about nanotechnology . "gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love-dd-" -- albert einstein . "i think michael is like litmus paper - he's always trying to learn-dd-" -- elizabeth taylor, absurd non-sequitir about michael jackson . while it cannot be proved retrospectively that any experience of possession, conversion, revelation, or divine ecstasy was merely an epileptic discharge, we must ask how one differentiates "real transcendence" from neuropathies that produce the same extreme realness, profundity, ineffability, and sense of cosmic unity-dd- when accounts of sudden religious conversions in tles [temporal-lobe epileptics] are laid alongside the epiphanous revelations of the religious tradition, the parallels are striking-dd- the same is true of the recent spate of alleged ufo abductees-dd- parsimony alone argues against invoking spirits, demons, or extraterrestrials when natural causes will suffice-dd- -- barry l-dd- beyerstein, "neuropathology and the legacy of spiritual possession", the skeptical inquirer, vol-dd- xii, no-dd- 3, pg-dd- 255 . "a verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's printed on-dd-" - samuel goldwyn . "we shall reach greater and greater platitudes of achievement-dd-" -- richard j-dd- daley . "with molasses you catch flies, with vinegar you catch nobody-dd-" -- baltimore city councilman dominic dipietro . "lead us in a few words of silent prayer-dd-" -- bill peterson, former houston oiler football coach . "i couldn't remember things until i took that sam carnegie course-dd-" -- bill peterson, former houston oiler football coach . "right now i feel that i've got my feet on the ground as far as my head is concerned-dd-" -- baseball pitcher bo belinsky . "ninety percent of baseball is half mental-dd-" -- yogi berra . two things are certain about science-dd- it does not stand still for long, and it is never boring-dd- oh, among some poor souls, including even intellectuals in fields of high scholarship, science is frequently misperceived-dd- many see it as only a body of facts, promulgated from on high in must, unintelligible textbooks, a collection of unchanging precepts defended with authoritarian vigor-dd- others view it as nothing but a cold, dry narrow, plodding, rule-bound process -- the scientific method: hidebound, linear, and left brained-dd- these people are the victims of their own stereotypes-dd- they are destined to view the world of science with a set of blinders-dd- they know nothing of the tumult, cacophony, rambunctiousness, and tendentiousness of the actual scientific process, let alone the creativity, passion, and joy of discovery-dd- and they are likely to know little of the continual procession of new insights and discoveries that every day, in some way, change our view (if not theirs) of the natural world-dd- -- kendrick frazier, "the year in science: an overview," in 1988 yearbook of science and the future, encyclopaedia britannica, inc-dd- . "jackpot: you may have an unneccessary change record" -- message from "diff" . "one lawyer can steal more than a hundred men with guns-dd-" -- the godfather . what's the difference between a computer salesman and a used car salesman-qq- a used car salesman knows when he's lying-dd- . "those who will be able to conquer software will be able to conquer the world-dd-" -- tadahiro sekimoto, president, nec corp-dd- . "there are some good people in it, but the orchestra as a whole is equivalent to a gang bent on destruction-dd-" -- john cage, composer . "i believe the use of noise to make music will increase until we reach a music produced through the aid of electrical instruments which will make available for musical purposes any and all sounds that can be heard-dd-" -- composer john cage, 1937 . i did cancel one performance in holland where they thought my music was so easy that they didn't rehearse at all-dd- and so the first time when i found that out, i rehearsed the orchestra myself in front of the audience of 3,000 people and the next day i rehearsed through the second movement -- this was the piece _cheap imitation_ -- and they then were ashamed-dd- the dutch people were ashamed and they invited me to come to the holland festival and they promised to rehearse-dd- and when i got to amsterdam they had changed the orchestra, and again, they hadn't rehearsed-dd- so they were no more prepared the second time than they had been the first-dd- i gave them a lecture and told them to cancel the performance; they then said over the radio that i had insisted on their cancelling the performance because they were "insufficiently zen-dd-" can you believe it-qq- -- composer john cage, "electronic musician" magazine, march 88, pg-dd- 89 . "one day i woke up and discovered that i was in love with tripe-dd-" -- tom anderson . "most people would like to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch-dd-" -- robert orben . the rule on staying alive as a program manager is to give 'em a number or give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once-dd- . an optimist believes we live in the best world possible; a pessimist fears this is true-dd- . "if john madden steps outside on february 2, looks down, and doesn't see his feet, we'll have 6 more weeks of pro football-dd-" -- chuck newcombe . dead-qq- no excuse for laying off work-dd- . lead me not into temptation-dd--dd--dd- i can find it myself-dd- . "when people are least sure, they are often most dogmatic-dd-" -- john kenneth galbraith . "nature is very un-american-dd- nature never hurries-dd-" -- william george jordan . "we learn from history that we learn nothing from history-dd-" -- george bernard shaw . "flattery is all right -- if you don't inhale-dd-" -- adlai stevenson . "consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago-dd-" -- bernard berenson . "summit meetings tend to be like panda matings-dd- the expectations are always high, and the results usually disappointing-dd-" -- robert orben . "a great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices-dd-" -- william james . "tell the truth and run-dd-" -- yugoslav proverb . "the best index to a person's character is a) how he treats people who can't do him any good and b) how he treats people who can't fight back-dd-" -- abigail van buren . "never face facts; if you do, you'll never get up in the morning-dd-" -- marlo thomas . "life is a garment we continuously alter, but which never seems to fit-dd-" -- david mccord . "the value of marriage is not that adults produce children, but that children produce adults-dd-" -- peter de vries . "it is easier to fight for principles than to live up to them-dd-" -- alfred adler . "security is mostly a superstition-dd- it does not exist in nature-dd--dd--dd- life is either a daring adventure or nothing-dd-" -- helen keller . "whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of truth and knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods-dd-" -- albert einstein . "success covers a multitude of blunders-dd-" -- george bernard shaw . "the mark of an immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of a mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one-dd-" -- william stekel . "yes, and i feel bad about rendering their useless carci into dogfood-dd--dd--dd-" -- badger comics . "is it really you, fuzz, or is it memorex, or is it radiation sickness-qq-" -- sonic disruptors comics . "most of us, when all is said and done, like what we like and make up reasons for it afterwards-dd-" -- soren f-dd- petersen . "you're a creature of the night, michael-dd- wait'll mom hears about this-dd-" -- from the movie "the lost boys" . "plastic gun-dd- ingenious-dd- more coffee, please-dd-" -- the phantom comics . the game of life is a game of boomerangs-dd- our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy-dd- . if at first you don't succeed, you are running about average-dd- . "a child is a person who can't understand why someone would give away a perfectly good kitten-dd-" -- doug larson . "the trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was-dd-" -- walt west . "silent gratitude isn't very much use to anyone-dd-" -- g-dd- b-dd- stearn . "in matters of principle, stand like a rock; in matters of taste, swim with the current-dd-" -- thomas jefferson . the first sign of maturity is the discovery that the volume knob also turns to the left-dd- . "but this one goes to eleven-dd-" -- nigel tufnel . "been through hell-qq- whaddya bring back for me-qq-" -- a-dd- brilliant . "i don't know what their gripe is-dd- a critic is simply someone paid to render opinions glibly-dd-" "critics are grinks and groinks-dd-" -- baron and badger, from badger comics . "i've got some amyls-dd- we could either party later or, like, start his heart-dd-" -- "cheech and chong's next movie" . "israel today announced that it is giving up-dd- the zionist state will dissolve in two weeks time, and its citizens will disperse to various resort communities around the world-dd- said prime minister yitzhak shamir, 'who needs the aggravation-qq-'" -- dennis miller, "satuday night live" news . "and, of course, you have the commercials where savvy businesspeople get ahead by using their macintosh computers to create the ultimate american business product: a really sharp-looking report-dd-" -- dave barry . shop or die, people of earth-xx- [offer void where prohibited] -- capitalists from outer space, from justice league int'l comics . "roman polanski makes his own blood-dd- he's smart -- that's why his movies work-dd-" -- a brilliant director at "frank's place" . "the following is not for the weak of heart or fundamentalists-dd-" -- dave barry . "i take him shopping with me-dd- i say, 'ok, jesus, help me find a bargain'" --tammy faye bakker . gary hart: living proof that you *can* screw your brains out-dd- . blessed be those who initiate lively discussions with the hopelessly mute, for they shall be know as dentists-dd- . "i don't believe in sweeping social change being manifested by one person, unless he has an atomic weapon-dd-" -- howard chaykin . "ever free-climbed a thousand foot vertical cliff with 60 pounds of gear strapped to your butt-qq-" "no-dd-" "'course you haven't, you fruit-loop little geek-dd-" -- the mountain man, one of dana carvey's snl characters [ditto] . "i mean, like, i just read your article in the yale law recipe, on search and seizure-dd- man, that was really out there-dd-" "i was so wrecked when i wrote that-dd--dd--dd-" -- john lovitz, as ex-supreme court nominee alan ginsburg, on snl . "hi, i'm professor alan ginsburg-dd--dd--dd- but you can call me-dd--dd--dd- captain toke-dd-" -- john lovitz, as ex-supreme court nominee alan ginsburg, on snl . it's great to be smart 'cause then you know stuff-dd- . "time is money and money can't buy you love and i love your outfit" - t-dd-h-dd-u-dd-n-dd-d-dd-e-dd-r-dd- #1 . "can't you just gesture hypnotically and make him disappear-qq-" "it does not work that way-dd- run-xx-" -- hadji on metaphyics and mandrake in "johnny quest" . "you shouldn't make my toaster angry-dd-" -- household security explained in "johnny quest" . "someone's been mean to you-xx- tell me who it is, so i can punch him tastefully-dd-" -- ralph bakshi's mighty mouse . "and kids-dd--dd--dd- learn something from susie and eddie-dd- if you think there's a maniacal psycho-geek in the basement: 1) don't give him a chance to hit you on the head with an axe-xx- 2) flee the premises-dd--dd--dd- even if you're in your underwear-dd- 3) warn the neighbors and call the police-dd- but whatever else you do-dd--dd--dd- don't go down in the damn basement-xx-" -- saturday night live meets friday the 13th . victory or defeat-xx- . "everyone is entitled to an *informed* opinion-dd-" -- harlan ellison . "it's curtains for you, mighty mouse-xx- this gun is so futuristic that even *i* don't know how it works-xx-" -- from ralph bakshi's mighty mouse . "may the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house-dd-" -- george carlin . a university faculty is 500 egotists with a common parking problem-dd- . "daddy, daddy, make santa claus go away-xx-" "i can't, son; he's grown too powerful-dd-" "ho ho ho-xx-" -- duck's breath mystery theatre . "if it's not loud, it doesn't work-xx-" -- blank reg, from "max headroom" . "remember kids, if there's a loaded gun in the room, be sure that you're the one holding it" -- captain combat . delta: we never make the same mistake three times-dd- -- david letterman . delta: a real man lands where he wants to-dd- -- david letterman . delta: the kids will love our inflatable slides-dd- -- david letterman . delta: we're amtrak with wings-dd- -- david letterman . "where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will-dd- -- john kenneth galbraith . "hello again, peabody here-dd--dd--dd-" -- mister peabody . "it's the best thing since professional golfers on 'ludes-dd-" -- rick obidiah . "to your left is the marina where several senior cabinet officials keep luxury yachts for weekend cruises on the potomac-dd- some of these ships are up to 100 feet in length; the presidential yacht is over 200 feet in length, and can remain submerged for up to 3 weeks-dd-" -- garrison keillor . "well, social relevance is a schtick, like mysteries, social relevance, science fiction-dd--dd--dd-" -- art spiegelman . "one of the problems i've always had with propaganda pamphlets is that they're real boring to look at-dd- they're just badly designed-dd- people from the left often are very well-intended, but they never had time to take basic design classes, you know-qq-" -- art spiegelman . "if you took everyone who's ever been to a dead show, and lined them up, they'd stretch halfway to the moon and back-dd--dd--dd- and none of them would be complaining-dd-" -- a local deadhead in the seattle times . "and remember: evil will always prevail, because good is dumb-dd-" -- spaceballs . why are many scientists using lawyers for medical experiments instead of rats-qq- a) there are more lawyers than rats-dd- b) the scientist's don't become as emotionally attached to them-dd- c) there are some things that even rats won't do for money-dd- . "during the race we may eat your dust, but when you graduate, you'll work for us-dd-" -- reed college cheer . pohl's law: nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate it-dd- . pig: an animal (porcus omnivorous) closely allied to the human race by the splendor and vivacity of its appetite, which, however, is inferior in scope, for it balks at pig-dd- -- ambrose bierce . "we don't have to protect the environment -- the second coming is at hand-dd-" -- james watt . "i believe that ronald reagan will someday make this country what it once was-dd--dd--dd- an arctic wilderness-dd-" -- steve martin . "to you i'm an atheist; to god, i'm the loyal opposition-dd-" -- woody allen . noncombatant: a dead quaker-dd- -- ambrose bierce . "there's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as i learn what it is i'll get married again-dd-" -- clint eastwood . a lot of people i know believe in positive thinking, and so do i-dd- i believe everything positively stinks-dd- -- lew col . q: how many ibm cpu's does it take to execute a job-qq- a: four; three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off-dd- . diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggy" until you can find a rock-dd- . harrisberger's fourth law of the lab: experience is directly proportional to the amount of equipment ruined-dd- . captain penny's law: you can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, but you can't fool mom-dd- . "because he's a character who's looking for his own identity, [he-man is] an interesting role for an actor-dd-" -- dolph lundgren, "actor" . "if jesus came back today, and saw what was going on in his name, he'd never stop throwing up-dd-" -- max von sydow's character in "hannah and her sisters" . "nietzsche says that we will live the same life, over and over again-dd- god -- i'll have to sit through the ice capades again-dd-" -- woody allen's character in "hannah and her sisters" . "in regards to oral roberts' claim that god told him that he would die unless he received $20 million by march, god's lawyers have stated that their client has not spoken with roberts for several years-dd- off the record, god has stated that "if i had wanted to ice the little toad, i would have done it a long time ago-dd-" -- dennis miller, snl news . "only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core-dd-" -- hannah arendt-dd- . quod licet iovi non licet bovi-dd- (what jove may do, is not permitted to a cow-dd-) . "i distrust a man who says 'when-dd-' if he's got to be careful not to drink too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does-dd-" -- sidney greenstreet, _the maltese falcon_ . "i distrust a close-mouthed man-dd- he generally picks the wrong time to talk and says the wrong things-dd- talking's something you can't do judiciously, unless you keep in practice-dd- now, sir, we'll talk if you like-dd- i'll tell you right out, i'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk-dd-" -- sidney greenstreet, _the maltese falcon_ . all extremists should be taken out and shot-dd- . "the sixties were good to you, weren't they-qq-" -- george carlin . "you stay here, audrey -- this is between me and the vegetable-xx-" -- seymour, from _little shop of horrors_ . from sharp minds come-dd--dd--dd- pointed heads-dd- -- bryan sparrowhawk . there are two kinds of egotists: 1) those who admit it 2) the rest of us . "the picture's pretty bleak, gentlemen-dd--dd--dd- the world's climates are changing, the mammals are taking over, and we all have a brain about the size of a walnut-dd-" -- some dinosaurs from the far side, by gary larson . "we americans, we're a simple people-dd--dd--dd- but piss us off, and we'll bomb your cities-dd-" -- robin williams, _good morning vietnam_ . why won't sharks eat lawyers-qq- professional courtesy-dd- . "you know, we've won awards for this crap-dd-" -- david letterman . it was pity stayed his hand-dd- "pity i don't have any more bullets," thought frito-dd- -- _bored_of_the_rings_, a harvard lampoon parody of tolkein . a good usenet motto would be: a-dd- "together, a strong community-dd-" b-dd- "computers r us-dd-" c-dd- "i'm sick of programming, i think i'll just screw around for a while on company time-dd-" -- a sane man . "he didn't run for reelection-dd- `politics brings you into contact with all the people you'd give anything to avoid,' he said-dd- `i'm staying home-dd-'" -- garrison keillor, _lake_wobegone_days_ . "if you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets and fire them all off, wouldn't you-qq-" -- garrison keillor . "mr-dd- spock succumbs to a powerful mating urge and nearly kills captain kirk-dd-" -- tv guide, describing the star trek episode _amok_time_ . "poor man-dd--dd--dd- he was like an employee to me-dd-" -- the police commisioner on "sledge hammer" laments the death of his bodyguard . "trust me-dd- i know what i'm doing-dd-" -- sledge hammer . "hi-dd- this is dan cassidy's answering machine-dd- please leave your name and number-dd--dd--dd- and after i've doctored the tape, your message will implicate you in a federal crime and be brought to the attention of the f-dd-b-dd-i-dd--dd--dd- beeep" -- blue devil comics . "all god's children are not beautiful-dd- most of god's children are, in fact, barely presentable-dd-" -- fran lebowitz . "if truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library-qq-" -- lily tomlin . whom the gods would destroy, they first teach basic-dd- . "look-xx- there-xx- evil-xx--dd--dd- pure and simple, total evil from the eighth dimension-xx-" -- buckaroo banzai . "i may be synthetic, but i'm not stupid" -- the artificial person, from _aliens_ . "the only way i can lose this election is if i'm caught in bed with a dead girl or a live boy-dd-" -- louisiana governor edwin edwards . david letterman's "things we can be proud of as americans": * greatest number of citizens who have actually boarded a ufo * many newspapers feature "jumble" * hourly motel rates * vast majority of elvis movies made here * didn't just give up right away during world war ii like some countries we could mention * goatees & van dykes thought to be worn only by weenies * our well-behaved golf professionals * fabulous babes coast to coast . "danger, you haven't seen the last of me-xx-" "no, but the first of you turns my stomach-xx-" -- the firesign theatre's nick danger . pray to god, but keep rowing to shore-dd- -- russian proverb . "don't worry about people stealing your ideas-dd- if your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats-dd-" -- howard aiken . "when anyone says `theoretically,' they really mean `not really-dd-'" -- david parnas . "no problem is so formidable that you can't walk away from it-dd-" -- c-dd- schulz . "the good christian should beware of mathematicians and all those who make empty prophecies-dd- the danger already exists that mathematicians have made a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine man in the bonds of hell-dd-" -- saint augustine . "for the man who has everything-dd--dd--dd- penicillin-dd-" -- f-dd- borquin . "i've finally learned what `upward compatible' means-dd- it means we get to keep all our old mistakes-dd-" -- dennie van tassel . "the way of the world is to praise dead saints and prosecute live ones-dd-" -- nathaniel howe . "it's a dog-eat-dog world out there, and i'm wearing milkbone underware-dd-" -- norm, from _cheers_ . once at a social gathering, gladstone said to disraeli, "i predict, sir, that you will die either by hanging or of some vile disease"-dd- disraeli replied, "that all depends, sir, upon whether i embrace your principles or your mistress-dd-" . "he don't know me vewy well, do he-qq-" -- bugs bunny . "i'll rob that rich person and give it to some poor deserving slob-dd- that will *prove* i'm robin hood-dd-" -- daffy duck, looney tunes, _robin hood daffy_ . "would i turn on the gas if my pal mugsy were in there-qq-" "you might, rabbit, you might-xx-" -- looney tunes, bugs and thugs (1954, friz freleng) . "consequences, schmonsequences, as long as i'm rich-dd-" -- looney tunes, ali baba bunny (1957, chuck jones) . "and do you think (fop that i am) that i could be the scarlet pumpernickel-qq-" -- looney tunes, the scarlet pumpernickel (1950, chuck jones) . "now i've got the bead on you with my disintegrating gun-dd- and when it disintegrates, it disintegrates-dd- (pulls trigger) well, what you do know, it disintegrated-dd-" -- duck dodgers in the 24th and a half century . "kill the wabbit, kill the wabbit, kill the wabbit-xx-" -- looney tunes, "what's opera doc-qq-" (1957, chuck jones) . "i do want your money, because god wants your money-xx-" -- the reverend jimmy, from _repo_man_ . "the majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time-dd- the terror of their tyranny, however, is alleviated by their lack of consistency-dd-" -- albert einstein . "you show me an american who can keep his mouth shut and i'll eat him-dd-" -- newspaperman from frank capra's _meet_john_doe_ . "and we heard him exclaim as he started to roam: `i'm a hologram, kids, please don't try this at home-xx-'" -- bob violence -- howie chaykin's little animated 3-dimensional darling, bob violence . "the soviet union, which has complained recently about alleged anti-soviet themes in american advertising, lodged an official protest this week against the ford motor company's new campaign: `hey you stinking fat russian, get off my ford escort-dd-'" -- dennis miller, saturday night live . "there is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum-dd-" --arthur c-dd- clarke . "they ought to make butt-flavored cat food-dd-" --gallagher . "not only is god dead, but just try to find a plumber on weekends-dd-" --woody allen . "it's ten o'clock-dd--dd--dd- do you know where your ai programs are-qq-" -- peter oakley . "ah, you know the type-dd- they like to blame it all on the jews or the blacks, 'cause if they couldn't, they'd have to wake up to the fact that life's one big, scary, glorious, complex and ultimately unfathomable crapshoot -- and the only reason they can't seem to keep up is they're a bunch of misfits and losers-dd-" -- an analysis of neo-nazis and such, badger comics . "interesting survey in the current journal of abnormal psychology: new york city has a higher percentage of people you shouldn't make any sudden moves around than any other city in the world-dd-" -- david letterman . "tourists -- have some fun with new york's hard-boiled cabbies-dd- when you get to your destination, say to your driver, "pay-qq- i was hitchhiking-dd-" -- david letterman . "an anthropologist at tulane has just come back from a field trip to new guinea with reports of a tribe so primitive that they have tide but not new tide with lemon-fresh borax-dd-" -- david letterman . "based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think abraham lincoln would be doing if he were alive today-qq- 1) writing his memoirs of the civil war-dd- 2) advising the president-dd- 3) desperately clawing at the inside of his coffin-dd-" -- david letterman . "if ricky schroder and gary coleman had a fight on television with pool cues, who would win-qq- 1) ricky schroder 2) gary coleman 3) the television viewing public" -- david letterman . "if you are beginning to doubt what i am saying, you are probably hallucinating-dd-" -- the firesign theatre, _everything you know is wrong_ . what to do in case of an alien attack: 1) hide beneath the seat of your plane and look away-dd- 2) avoid eye contact-dd- 3) if there are no eyes, avoid all contact-dd- -- the firesign theatre, _everything you know is wrong_ . "nuclear war would really set back cable-dd-" - ted turner . "you tweachewous miscweant-xx-" -- elmer fudd . "i saw _lassie_-dd- it took me four shows to figure out why the hairy kid never spoke-dd- i mean, he could roll over and all that, but did that deserve a series-qq-" -- the alien guy, in _explorers_ . "open channel d-dd--dd--dd-" -- napoleon solo, the man from u-dd-n-dd-c-dd-l-dd-e-dd- . save the whales-dd- collect the whole set-dd- . support mental health-dd- or i'll kill you-dd- . "the pyramid is opening-xx-" "which one-qq-" "the one with the ever-widening hole in it-xx-" -- the firesign theatre . "calling j-man kink-dd- calling j-man kink-dd- hash missile sighted, target los angeles-dd- disregard personal feelings about city and intercept-dd-" -- the firesign theatre movie, _j-men forever_ . "my sense of purpose is gone-xx- i have no idea who i am-xx-" "oh, my god-dd--dd--dd- you've-dd--dd- you've turned him into a democrat-xx-" -- doonesbury . "you are wrong, you ol' brass-breasted fascist poop-xx-" -- bloom county . "well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what *can* you believe-qq--xx-" -- bullwinkle j-dd- moose . "your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberrys-xx-" -- monty python and the holy grail . "take that, you hostile sons-of-bitches-xx-" -- james coburn, in the finale of _the_president's_analyst_ . "the voters have spoken, the bastards-dd--dd--dd-" -- unknown . "i prefer to think that god is not dead, just drunk" -- john huston . "be there-dd- aloha-dd-" -- steve mcgarret, _hawaii five-oh_ . "when the going gets weird, the weird turn pro-dd--dd--dd-" -- hunter s-dd- thompson . "say yur prayers, yuh flea-pickin' varmint-xx-" -- yosemite sam . "there-dd--dd--dd- i've run rings 'round you logically" -- monty python's flying circus . "let's show this prehistoric bitch how we do things downtown-xx-" -- the ghostbusters . -dd--dd--dd-veloz is indistinguishable from hundreds of other electronics businesses in the valley, run by eager young engineers poring over memory dumps late into the night-dd- the difference is that a bunch of self-confessed "car nuts" are making money doing what they love: writing code and driving fast-dd- -- "electronics puts its foot on the gas", ieee spectrum, may 88 . "just the facts, ma'am" -- joe friday . "i have five dollars for each of you-dd-" -- bernhard goetz . mausoleum: the final and funniest folly of the rich-dd- -- ambrose bierce . riches: a gift from heaven signifying, "this is my beloved son, in whom i am well pleased-dd-" -- john d-dd- rockefeller, (slander by ambrose bierce) . all things are either sacred or profane-dd- the former to ecclesiasts bring gain; the latter to the devil appertain-dd- -- dumbo omohundro . saint: a dead sinner revised and edited-dd- -- ambrose bierce . forty two-dd- . meekness: uncommon patience in planning a revenge that is worth while-dd- -- ambrose bierce . absolute: independent, irresponsible-dd- an absolute monarchy is one in which the sovereign does as he pleases so long as he pleases the assassins-dd- not many absolute monarchies are left, most of them having been replaced by limited monarchies, where the soverign's power for evil (and for good) is greatly curtailed, and by republics, which are governed by chance-dd- -- ambrose bierce . abstainer: a weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a pleasure-dd- a total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others-dd- -- ambrose bierce . alliance: in international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they cannot separately plunder a third-dd- -- ambrose bierce . disobedience: the silver lining to the cloud of servitude-dd- -- ambrose bierce . egotist: a person of low taste, more interested in himself than in me-dd- -- ambrose bierce . administration: an ingenious abstraction in politics, designed to receive the kicks and cuffs due to the premier or president-dd- -- ambrose bierce . a penny saved is a penny to squander-dd- -- ambrose bierce . ocean: a body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man -- who has no gills-dd- -- ambrose bierce . physician: one upon whom we set our hopes when ill and our dogs when well-dd- -- ambrose bierce . philosophy: a route of many roads leading from nowhere to nothing-dd- -- ambrose bierce . politics: a strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles-dd- the conduct of public affairs for private advantage-dd- -- ambrose bierce . politician: an eel in the fundamental mud upon which the superstructure of organized society is reared-dd- when he wriggles he mistakes the agitation of his tail for the trembling of the edifice-dd- as compared with the statesman, he suffers the disadvantage of being alive-dd- -- ambrose bierce . pray: to ask that the laws of the universe be annulled in behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy-dd- -- ambrose bierce . presidency: the greased pig in the field game of american politics-dd- -- ambrose bierce . proboscis: the rudimentary organ of an elephant which serves him in place of the knife-and-fork that evolution has as yet denied him-dd- for purposes of humor it is popularly called a trunk-dd- -- ambrose bierce . inadmissible: not competent to be considered-dd- said of certain kinds of testimony which juries are supposed to be unfit to be entrusted with, and which judges, therefore, rule out, even of proceedings before themselves alone-dd- hearsay evidence is inadmissible because the person quoted was unsworn and is not before the court for examination; yet most momentous . actions, military, political, commercial and of every other kind, are daily undertaken on hearsay evidence-dd- there is no religion in the world that has any other basis than hearsay evidence-dd- revelation is hearsay evidence; that the scriptures are the word of god we have only the testimony of men long dead whose identy is not clearly established and who are not known to have been sworn in any sense-dd- under the rules of evidence as they now exist in this country, no single assertion in the bible has in its support any evidence admissible in a court of law-dd--dd--dd- but as records of courts of justice are admissible, it can easily be proved that powerful and malevolent magicians once existed and were a scourge to mankind-dd- the evidence (including confession) upon which certain women were convicted of witchcraft and executed was without a flaw; it is still unimpeachable-dd- the judges' decisions based on it were sound in logic and in law-dd- nothing in any existing court was ever more thoroughly proved than the charges of witchcraft and sorcery for which so many suffered death-dd- if there were no witches, human testimony and human reason are alike destitute of value-dd- --ambrose bierce . "today's robots are very primitive, capable of understanding only a few simple instructions such as 'go left', 'go right', and 'build car'-dd-" --john sladek . "in the fight between you and the world, back the world-dd-" --frank zappa . here is an appalachian version of management's answer to those who are concerned with the fate of the project: "don't worry about the mule-dd- just load the wagon-dd-" -- mike dennison's hillbilly uncle . ill-chosen abstraction is particularly evident in the design of the ada runtime system-dd- the interface to the ada runtime system is so opaque that it is impossible to model or predict its performance, making it effectively useless for real-time systems-dd- -- marc d-dd- donner and david h-dd- jameson-dd- . "being against torture ought to be sort of a bipartisan thing-dd-" -- karl lehenbauer . "here comes mr-dd- bill's dog-dd-" -- narrator, saturday night live . sex is like air-dd- it's only a big deal if you can't get any-dd- . "maintain an awareness for contribution -- to your schedule, your project, our company-dd-" -- a group of employees . "ask not what a group of employees can do for you-dd- but ask what can all employees do for a group of employees-dd-" -- mike dennison . one evening mr-dd- rudolph block, of new york, found himself seated at dinner alongside mr-dd- percival pollard, the distinguished critic-dd- "mr-dd- pollard," said he, "my book, _the biography of a dead cow_, is published anonymously, but you can hardly be ignorant of its authorship-dd- yet in reviewing it you speak of it as the work of the idiot of the century-dd- do you think that fair criticism-qq-" "i am very sorry, sir," replied the critic, amiably, "but it did not occur to me that you really might not wish the public to know who wrote it-dd-" -- ambrose bierce . many aligators will be slain, but the swamp will remain-dd- . what the gods would destroy they first submit to an ieee standards committee-dd- . this is now-dd- later is later-dd- . "i will make no bargains with terrorist hardware-dd-" -- peter da silva . "if i do not return to the pulpit this weekend, millions of people will go to hell-dd-" -- jimmy swaggart, 5/20/88 . "dump the condiments-dd- if we are to be eaten, we don't need to taste good-dd-" -- "visionaries" cartoon . "aww, if you make me cry anymore, you'll fog up my helmet-dd-" -- "visionaries" cartoon . i don't want to be young again, i just don't want to get any older-dd- . marriage ceremony: an incredible metaphysical sham of watching god and the law being dragged into the affairs of your family-dd- -- o-dd- c-dd- ogilvie . "emergency-xx-" sgiggs screamed, ejecting himself from the tub like it was a burning car-dd- "dial 'one'-xx- get room service-xx- code red-xx-" stiggs was on the phone immediately, ordering more rose blossoms, because, according to him, the ones floating in the tub had suddenly lost their smell-dd- "i demand smell," he shrilled-dd- "i expecting total uninterrupted smell from these f*cking roses-dd-" unfortunately, the service captain didn't realize that the stiggs situation involved fifty roses-dd- "what am i going to do with this-qq-" stiggs sneered at the weaseling hotel goon when he appeared at our door holding a single flower floating in a brandy glass-dd- stiggs's tirade was great-dd- "do you see this bathtub-qq- do you notice any difference between the size of the tub and the size of that spindly wad of petals in your hand-qq- i need total bath coverage-dd- i need a completely solid layer of roses all around me like puffing factories of smell, attacking me with their smell and power-ramming big stinking concentrations of rose odor up my nostrils until i'm wasted with pleasure-dd-" it wasn't long before we got so dissatisfied with this incompetence that we bolted-dd- -- the utterly monstrous, mind-roasting summer of o-dd-c-dd- and stiggs, national lampoon, october 1982 . when it is incorrect, it is, at least *authoritatively* incorrect-dd- -- hitchiker's guide to the galaxy . we decided it was night again, so we camped for twenty minutes and drank another six beers at a young life campsite-dd- o-dd-c-dd- got into the supervisory adult's sleeping bag and ran around in it-dd- "this is the judgment day and i'm a terrifying apparition," he screamed-dd- then the heat made o-dd-c-dd- ralph in the bag-dd- -- the utterly monstrous, mind-roasting summer of o-dd-c-dd- and stiggs, national lampoon, october 1982 . voodoo programming: things programmers do that they know shouldn't work but they try anyway, and which sometimes actually work, such as recompiling everything-dd- -- karl lehenbauer . this is, of course, totally uninformed specualation that i engage in to help support my bias against such meddling-dd--dd--dd- but there you have it-dd- -- peter da silva, speculating about why a computer program that had been changed to do something he didn't approve of, didn't work . "this knowledge i pursure is the finest pleasure i have ever known-dd- i could no sooner give it up that i could the very air that i breath-dd-" -- paolo uccello, renaissance artist, discoverer of the laws of perspective . "i got everybody to pay up front-dd--dd--dd-then i blew up their planet-dd-" "now why didn't i think of that-qq-" -- post bros-dd- comics . "atomic batteries to power, turbines to speed-dd-" -- robin, the boy wonder . the f-15 eagle: if it's up, we'll shoot it down-dd- if it's down, we'll blow it up-dd- -- a mcdonnel-douglas ad from a few years ago . "the amiga is the only personal computer where you can run a multitasking operating system and get realtime performance, out of the box-dd-" -- peter da silva . "it's my cookie file and if i come up with something that's lame and i like it, it goes in-dd-" -- karl . in recognizing at&t bell laboratories for corporate innovation, for its invention of cellular mobile communications, ieee president russell c-dd- drew referred to the cellular telephone as a "basic necessity-dd-" how times have changed, one observer remarked: many in the room recalled the advent of direct dialing-dd- -- the institute, july 1988, pg-dd- 11 . -dd--dd--dd-the soviets have the capability to try big projects-dd- if there is a goal, such as when gorbachev states that they are going to have nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, the case is closed -- that is it-dd- they will concentrate on the problem, do a bad job, and later pay the price-dd- they really don't care what the price is-dd- -- victor belenko, mig-25 fighter pilot who defected in 1976 "defense electronics", vol 20, no-dd- 6, pg-dd- 100 . there is something you must understand about the soviet system-dd- they have the ability to concentrate all their efforts on a given design, and develop all components simulateously, but sometimes without proper testing-dd- then they end up with a technological disaster like the tu-144-dd- in a technology race at the time, that aircraft was two months ahead of the concorde-dd- four tu-144s were built; two have crashed, and two are in museums-dd- the concorde has been flying safely for over 10 years-dd- -- victor belenko, mig-25 fighter pilot who defected in 1976 "defense electronics", vol 20, no-dd- 6, pg-dd- 100 . de: the soviets seem to have difficulty implementing modern technology-dd- would you comment on that-qq- belenko: well, let's talk about aircraft engine lifetime-dd- when i flew the mig-25, its engines had a total lifetime of 250 hours-dd- de: is that mean-time-between-failure-qq- belenko: no, the engine is finished; it is scrapped-dd- de: you mean they pull it out and throw it away, not even overhauling it-qq- belenko: that is correct-dd- overhaul is too expensive-dd- de: that is absurdly low by free world standards-dd- belenko: i know-dd- -- an interview with victor belenko, mig-25 fighter pilot who defected in 1976 "defense electronics", vol 20, no-dd- 6, pg-dd- 102 . "i have a friend who just got back from the soviet union, and told me the people there are hungry for information about the west-dd- he was asked about many things, but i will give you two examples that are very revealing about life in the soviet union-dd- the first question he was asked was if we had exploding television sets-dd- you see, they have a problem with the picture tubes on color television sets, and many are exploding-dd- they assumed we must be having problems with them too-dd- the other question he was asked often was why the cia had killed samantha smith, the little girl who visited the soviet union a few years ago; their propaganda is very effective-dd- -- victor belenko, mig-25 fighter pilot who defected in 1976 "defense electronics", vol 20, no-dd- 6, pg-dd- 100 . "-dd--dd--dd-i could accept this openness, glasnost, perestroika, or whatever you want to call it if they did these things: abolish the one party system; open the soviet frontier and allow soviet people to travel freely; allow the soviet people to have real free enterprise; allow western businessmen to do business there, and permit freedom of speech and of the press-dd- but so far, the whole country is like a concentration camp-dd- the barbed wire on the fence around the soviet union is to keep people inside, in the dark-dd- this openness that you are seeing, all these changes, are cosmetic and they have been designed to impress shortsighted, naive, sometimes stupid western leaders-dd- these leaders gush over gorbachev, hoping to do business with the soviet union or appease it-dd- he will say: "yes, we can do business-xx-" this while his military machine in afghanistan has killed over a million people out of a population of 17 million-dd- can you imagine that-qq- -- victor belenko, mig-25 fighter pilot who defected in 1976 "defense electronics", vol 20, no-dd- 6, pg-dd- 110 . "remember kruschev: he tried to do too many things too fast, and he was removed in disgrace-dd- if gorbachev tries to destroy the system or make too many fundamental changes to it, i believe the system will get rid of him-dd- i am not a political scientist, but i understand the system very well-dd- i believe he will have a "heart attack" or retire or be removed-dd- he is up against a brick wall-dd- if you think they will change everything and become a free, open society, forget it-xx-" -- victor belenko, mig-25 fighter pilot who defected in 1976 "defense electronics", vol 20, no-dd- 6, pg-dd- 110 . fortran-qq- the syntactically incorrect statement "do 10 i = 1-dd-10" will parse and generate code creating a variable, do10i, as follows: "do10i = 1-dd-10" if that doesn't terrify you, it should-dd- . "i knew then (in 1970) that a 4-kbyte minicomputer would cost as much as a house-dd- so i reasoned that after college, i'd have to live cheaply in an apartment and put all my money into owning a computer-dd-" -- apple co-founder steve wozniak, ee times, june 6, 1988, pg 45 . hp had a unique policy of allowing its engineers to take parts from stock as long as they built something-dd- "they figured that with every design, they were getting a better engineer-dd- it's a policy i urge all companies to adopt-dd-" -- apple co-founder steve wozniak, "will wozniak's class give apple to teacher-qq-" ee times, june 6, 1988, pg 45 . "i just want to be a good engineer-dd-" -- steve wozniak, co-founder of apple computer, concluding his keynote speech at the 1988 applefest . "there's always been tower of babel sort of bickering inside unix, but this is the most extreme form ever-dd- this means at least several years of confusion-dd-" -- bill gates, founder and chairman of microsoft, about the open systems foundation . "when in doubt, print 'em out-dd-" -- karl's programming proverb 0x7 . "if you want the best things to happen in corporate life you have to find ways to be hospitable to the unusual person-dd- you don't get innovation as a democratic process-dd- you almost get it as an anti-democratic process-dd- certainly you get it as an anthitetical process, so you have to have an environment where the body of people are really amenable to change and can deal with the conflicts that arise out of change an innovation-dd-" -- max depree, chairman and ceo of herman miller inc-dd-, "herman miller's secrets of corporate creativity", the wall street journal, may 3, 1988 . "in corporate life, i think there are three important areas which contracts can't deal with, the area of conflict, the area of change and area of reaching potential-dd- to me a covenant is a relationship that is based on such things as shared ideals and shared value systems and shared ideas and shared agreement as to the processes we are going to use for working together-dd- in many cases they develop into real love relationships-dd-" -- max depree, chairman and ceo of herman miller inc-dd-, "herman miller's secrets of corporate creativity", the wall street journal, may 3, 1988 . another goal is to establish a relationship "in which it is ok for everybody to do their best-dd- there are an awful lot of people in management who really don't want subordinates to do their best, because it gets to be very threatening-dd- but we have found that both internally and with outside designers if we are willing to have this kind of relationship and if we're willing to be vulnerable to what will come out of it, we get really good work-dd-" -- max depree, chairman and ceo of herman miller inc-dd-, "herman miller's secrets of corporate creativity", the wall street journal, may 3, 1988 . in his book, mr-dd- depree tells the story of how designer george nelson urged that the company also take on charles eames in the late 1940s-dd- max's father, j-dd- depree, co-founder of the company with herman miller in 1923, asked mr-dd- nelson if he really wanted to share the limited opportunities of a then-small company with another designer-dd- "george's response was something like this: 'charles eames is an unusual talent-dd- he is very different from me-dd- the company needs us both-dd- i want very much to have charles eames share in whatever potential there is-dd-'" -- max depree, chairman and ceo of herman miller inc-dd-, "herman miller's secrets of corporate creativity", the wall street journal, may 3, 1988 . mr-dd- depree believes participative capitalism is the wave of the future-dd- the u-dd-s-dd- work force, he believes, "more and more demands to be included in the capitalist system and if we don't find ways to get the capitalist system to be an inclusive system rather than the exclusive system it has been, we're all in deep trouble-dd- if we don't find ways to begin to understand that capitalism's highest potential lies in the common good, not in the individual good, then we're risking the system itself-dd-" -- max depree, chairman and ceo of herman miller inc-dd-, "herman miller's secrets of corporate creativity", the wall street journal, may 3, 1988 . mr-dd- depree also expects a "tremendous social change" in all workplaces-dd- "when i first started working 40 years ago, a factory supervisor was focused on the product-dd- today it is drastically different, because of the social milieu-dd- it isn't unusual for a worker to arrive on his shift and have some family problem that he doesn't know how to resolve-dd- the example i like to use is a guy who comes in and says 'this isn't going to be a good day for me, my son is in jail on a drunk-driving charge and i don't know how to raise bail-dd-' what that means is that if the supervisor wants productivity, he has to know how to raise bail-dd-" -- max depree, chairman and ceo of herman miller inc-dd-, "herman miller's secrets of corporate creativity", the wall street journal, may 3, 1988 . fools ignore complexity-dd- pragmatists suffer it-dd- some can avoid it-dd- geniuses remove it-dd- -- perlis's programming proverb #58, sigplan notices, sept-dd- 1982 . "what if" is a trademark of hewlett packard, so stop using it in your sentences without permission, or risk being sued-dd- . now, if the leaders of the world -- people who are leaders by virtue of political, military or financial power, and not necessarily wisdom or consideration for mankind -- if these leaders manage not to pull us over the brink into planetary suicide, despite their occasional pompous suggestions that they may feel obliged to do so, we may survive beyond 1988-dd- -- george rostky, ee times, june 20, 1988 p-dd- 45 . the essential ideas of algol 68 were that the whole language should be precisely defined and that all the pieces should fit together smoothly-dd- the basic idea behind pascal was that it didn't matter how vague the language specification was (it took *years* to clarify) or how many rough edges there were, as long as the cdc pascal compiler was fast-dd- -- richard a-dd- o'keefe . "we came-dd- we saw-dd- we kicked its ass-dd-" -- bill murray, _ghostbusters_ . "the stars are made of the same atoms as the earth-dd-" i usually pick one small topic like this to give a lecture on-dd- poets say science takes away from the beauty of the stars -- mere gobs of gas atoms-dd- nothing is "mere-dd-" i too can see the stars on a desert night, and feel them-dd- but do i see less or more-qq- the vastness of the heavens stretches my imagination -- stuck on this carousel my little eye can catch one-million-year-old light-dd- a vast pattern -- of which i am a part -- perhaps my stuff was belched from some forgotten star, as one is belching there-dd- or see them with the greater eye of palomar, rushing all apart from some common starting point when they were perhaps all together-dd- what is the pattern, or the meaning, or the *why-qq-* it does not do harm to the mystery to know a little about it-dd- for far more marvelous is the truth than any artists of the past imagined-xx- why do the poets of the present not speak of it-qq- what men are poets who can speak of jupiter if he were like a man, but if he is an immense spinning sphere of methane and ammonia must be silent-qq- -- richard p-dd- feynman (1918-1988) . if you permit yourself to read meanings into (rather than drawing meanings out of) the evidence, you can draw any conclusion you like-dd- -- michael keith, "the bar-code beast", the skeptical enquirer vol 12 no 4 p 416 . "pseudocode can be used to some extent to aid the maintenance process-dd- however, pseudocode that is highly detailed - approaching the level of detail of the code itself - is not of much use as maintenance documentation-dd- such detailed documentation has to be maintained almost as much as the code, thus doubling the maintenance burden-dd- furthermore, since such voluminous pseudocode is too distracting to be kept in the listing itself, it must be kept in a separate folder-dd- the result: since pseudocode - unlike real code - doesn't have to be maintained, no one will maintain it-dd- it will soon become out of date and everyone will ignore it-dd- (once, i did an informal survey of 42 shops that used pseudocode-dd- of those 42, 0 [zero-xx-], found that it had any value as maintenance documentation-dd-" --meilir page-jones, "the practical guide to structured design", yourdon press (c) 1988 . "only a brain-damaged operating system would support task switching and not make the simple next step of supporting multitasking-dd-" -- george mcfry . sigmund freud is alleged to have said that in the last analysis the entire field of psychology may reduce to biological electrochemistry-dd- . the magician is seated in his high chair and looks upon the world with favor-dd- he is at the height of his powers-dd- if he closes his eyes, he causes the world to disappear-dd- if he opens his eyes, he causes the world to come back-dd- if there is harmony within him, the world is harmonious-dd- if rage shatters his inner harmony, the unity of the world is shattered-dd- if desire arises within him, he utters the magic syllables that causes the desired object to appear-dd- his wishes, his thoughts, his gestures, his noises command the universe-dd- -- selma fraiberg, _the magic years_, pg-dd- 107 . an animal that knows who it is, one that has a sense of his own identity, is a discontented creature, doomed to create new problems for himself for the duration of his stay on this planet-dd- since neither the mouse nor the chip knows what is, he is spared all the vexing problems that follow this discovery-dd- but as soon as the human animal who asked himself this question emerged, he plunged himself and his descendants into an eternity of doubt and brooding, speculation and truth-seeking that has goaded him through the centures as reelentlessly as hunger or sexual longing-dd- the chimp that does not know that he exists is not driven to discover his origins and is spared the tragic necessity of contemplating his own end-dd- and even if the animal experimenters succeed in teaching a chimp to count one hundred bananas or to play chess, the chimp will develop no science and he will exhibit no appreciation of beauty, for the greatest part of man's wisdom may be traced back to the eternal questions of beginnings and endings, the quest to give meaning to his existence, to life itself-dd- -- selma fraiberg, _the magic years_, pg-dd- 193 . a comment on schedules: ok, how long will it take-qq- for each manager involved in initial meetings add one month-dd- for each manager who says "data flow analysis" add another month-dd- for each unique end-user type add one month-dd- for each unknown software package to be employed add two months-dd- for each unknown hardware device add two months-dd- for each 100 miles between developer and installation add one month-dd- for each type of communication channel add one month-dd- if an ibm mainframe shop is involved and you are working on a non-ibm system add 6 months-dd- if an ibm mainframe shop is involved and you are working on an ibm system add 9 months-dd- round up to the nearest half-year-dd- --brad sherman by the way, all software projects are done by iterative prototyping-dd- some companies call their prototypes "releases", that's all-dd- . unix shell is the best fourth generation programming language it is the unix shell that makes it possible to do applications in a small fraction of the code and time it takes in third generation languages-dd- in the shell you process whole files at a time, instead of only a line at a time-dd- and, a line of code in the unix shell is one or more programs, which do more than pages of instructions in a 3gl-dd- applications can be developed in hours and days, rather than months and years with traditional systems-dd- most of the other 4gls available today look more like cobol or rpg, the most tedious of the third generation lanaguages-dd- "unix relational database management: application development in the unix environment" by rod manis, evan schaffer, and robert jorgensen-dd- prentice hall software series-dd- brian kerrighan, advisor-dd- 1988-dd- . "laugh while you can, monkey-boy-dd-" -- dr-dd- emilio lizardo . "floggings will continue until morale improves-dd-" -- anonymous flyer being distributed at exxon usa . "hey ivan, check your six-dd-" -- sidewinder missile jacket patch, showing a sidewinder driving up the tail of a russian su-27 . "free markets select for winning solutions-dd-" -- eric s-dd- raymond . "i dislike companies that have a we-are-the-high-priests-of-hardware-so-you'll- like-what-we-give-you attitude-dd- i like commodity markets in which iron-and- silicon hawkers know that they exist to provide fast toys for software types like me to play with-dd--dd--dd-" -- eric s-dd- raymond . "the urge to destroy is also a creative urge-dd-" -- bakunin [ed-dd- note - i would say: the urge to destroy may sometimes be a creative urge-dd-] . "a commercial, and in some respects a social, doubt has been started within the last year or two, whether or not it is right to discuss so openly the security or insecurity of locks-dd- many well-meaning persons suppose that the discus- sion respecting the means for baffling the supposed safety of locks offers a premium for dishonesty, by showing others how to be dishonest-dd- this is a fal- lacy-dd- rogues are very keen in their profession, and already know much more than we can teach them respecting their several kinds of roguery-dd- rogues knew a good deal about lockpicking long before locksmiths discussed it among them- selves, as they have lately done-dd- if a lock -- let it have been made in what- ever country, or by whatever maker -- is not so inviolable as it has hitherto been deemed to be, surely it is in the interest of *honest* persons to know this fact, because the *dishonest* are tolerably certain to be the first to apply the knowledge practically; and the spread of knowledge is necessary to give fair play to those who might suffer by ignorance-dd- it cannot be too ear- nestly urged, that an acquaintance with real facts will, in the end, be better for all parties-dd-" -- charles tomlinson's rudimentary treatise on the construction of locks, published around 1850 . in respect to lock-making, there can scarcely be such a thing as dishonesty of intention: the inventor produces a lock which he honestly thinks will possess such and such qualities; and he declares his belief to the world-dd- if others differ from him in opinion concerning those qualities, it is open to them to say so; and the discussion, truthfully conducted, must lead to public advantage: the discussion stimulates curiosity, and curiosity stimu- lates invention-dd- nothing but a partial and limited view of the question could lead to the opinion that harm can result: if there be harm, it will be much more than counterbalanced by good-dd-" -- charles tomlinson's rudimentary treatise on the construction of locks, published around 1850-dd- . "wish not to seem, but to be, the best-dd-" -- aeschylus . "survey says-dd--dd--dd-" -- richard dawson, weenie, on "family feud" . "paul lynde to block-dd--dd--dd-" -- a contestant on "hollywood squares" . "little else matters than to write good code-dd-" -- karl lehenbauer . to write good code is a worthy challenge, and a source of civilized delight-dd- -- stolen and paraphrased from william safire . "stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward" -- william e-dd- davidsen . "if a computer can't directly address all the ram you can use, it's just a toy-dd-" -- anonymous comp-dd-sys-dd-amiga posting, non-sequitir . "never laugh at live dragons, bilbo you fool-xx-" he said to himself, and it became a favourite saying of his later, and passed into a proverb-dd- "you aren't nearly through this adventure yet," he added, and that was pretty true as well-dd- -- bilbo baggins, "the hobbit" by j-dd-r-dd-r-dd- tolkien, chapter xii . "a dirty mind is a joy forever-dd-" -- randy kunkee . "you can't teach seven foot-dd-" -- frank layton, utah jazz basketball coach, when asked why he had recruited a seven-foot tall auto mechanic . "a car is just a big purse on wheels-dd-" -- johanna reynolds . "history is a tool used by politicians to justify their intentions-dd-" -- ted koppel . "gozer the gozerian: as the duly appointed representative of the city, county and state of new york, i hereby order you to cease all supernatural activities at once and proceed immediately to your place of origin or the nearest parallel dimension, whichever is nearest-dd-" -- ray (dan akyroyd, _ghostbusters_ . it must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage, than the creation of a new system-dd- for the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit by the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new ones-dd- -- machiavelli . god grant me the senility to accept the things i cannot change, the frustration to try to change things i cannot affect, and the wisdom to tell the difference-dd- . first as to speech-dd- that privilege rests upon the premise that there is no proposition so uniformly acknowledged that it may not be lawfully challenged, questioned, and debated-dd- it need not rest upon the further premise that there are no propositions that are not open to doubt; it is enough, even if there are, that in the end it is worse to suppress dissent than to run the risk of heresy-dd- hence it has been again and again unconditionally proclaimed that there are no limits to the privilege so far as words seek to affect only the hearers' beliefs and not their conduct-dd- the trouble is that conduct is almost always based upon some belief, and that to change the hearer's belief will generally to some extent change his conduct, and may even evoke conduct that the law forbids-dd- [cf-dd- learned hand, the spirit of liberty, university of chicago press, 1952; the art and craft of judging: the decisions of judge learned hand, edited and annotated by hershel shanks, the macmillian company, 1968-dd-] . the late rebellion in massachusetts has given more alarm than i think it should have done-dd- calculate that one rebellion in 13 states in the course of 11 years, is but one for each state in a century and a half-dd- no country should be so long without one-dd- -- thomas jefferson in letter to james madison, 20 december 1787 . "nine years of ballet, asshole-dd-" -- shelly long, to the bad guy after making a jump over a gorge that he couldn't quite, in "outrageous fortune" . you are in a maze of uucp connections, all alike-dd- . "if that man in the ptl is such a healer, why can't he make his wife's hairdo go down-qq-" -- robin williams . 8) use common sense in routing cable-dd- avoid wrapping coax around sources of strong electric or magnetic fields-dd- do not wrap the cable around flourescent light ballasts or cyclotrons, for example-dd- -- ethernet headstart product, information and installation guide, bell technologies, pg-dd- 11 . "what a wonder is usenet; such wholesale production of conjecture from such a trifling investment in fact-dd-" -- carl s-dd- gutekunst . vms must die-xx- . ms-dos must die-xx- . os/2 must die-xx- . pournelle must die-xx- . garbage in, gospel out . "being against torture ought to be sort of a multipartisan thing-dd-" -- karl lehenbauer, as amended by jeff daiell, a libertarian . "facts are stupid things-dd-" -- president ronald reagan (a blooper from his speeach at the '88 gop convention) . "the argument that the literal story of genesis can qualify as science collapses on three major grounds: the creationists' need to invoke miracles in order to compress the events of the earth's history into the biblical span of a few thousand years; their unwillingness to abandon claims clearly disproved, including the assertion that all fossils are products of noah's flood; and their reliance upon distortion, misquote, half-quote, and citation out of context to characterize the ideas of their opponents-dd-" -- stephen jay gould, "the verdict on creationism", the skeptical inquirer, winter 87/88, pg-dd- 186 . "an ounce of prevention is worth a ton of code-dd-" -- an anonymous programmer . "to ibm, 'open' means there is a modicum of interoperability among some of their equipment-dd-" -- harv masterson . "just think of a computer as hardware you can program-dd-" -- nigel de la tierre . "if you own a machine, you are in turn owned by it, and spend your time serving it-dd--dd--dd-" -- marion zimmer bradley, _the forbidden tower_ . "everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler-dd-" -- albert einstein . "card readers-qq- we don't need no stinking card readers-dd-" -- peter da silva (at the national academy of sciencies, 1965, in a particularly vivid fantasy) . your good nature will bring unbounded happiness-dd- . semper fi, dude-dd- . excitement and danger await your induction to tracer duty-xx- as a tracer, you must rid the computer networks of slimy, criminal data thieves-dd- they are tricky and the action gets tough, so watch out-xx- utilizing all your skills, you'll either get your man or you'll get burned-xx- -- advertising for the computer game "tracers" . "an entire fraternity of strapping wall-street-bound youth-dd- hell - this is going to be a blood bath-xx-" -- post bros-dd- comics . "neighbors-xx--xx- we got neighbors-xx- we ain't supposed to have any neighbors, and i just had to shoot one-dd-" -- post bros-dd- comics . "gotcha, you snot-necked weenies-xx-" -- post bros-dd- comics . interlard - vt-dd-, to intersperse; diversify -- webster's new world dictionary of the american language . "everybody is talking about the weather but nobody does anything about it-dd-" -- mark twain . "how many teamsters does it take to screw in a light bulb-qq-" "fifteen-xx--xx- you got a problem with that-qq-" . "if you weren't my teacher, i'd think you just deleted all my files-dd-" -- an anonymous ucb cs student, to an instructor who had typed "rm -i *" to get rid of a file named "-f" on a unix system-dd- . "the hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in times of moral crisis, preserved their neutrality-dd-" -- dante . "the medium is the message-dd-" -- marshall mcluhan . "the medium is the massage-dd-" -- crazy nigel . "show me a good loser, and i'll show you a loser-dd-" -- vince lombardi, football coach . "it might help if we ran the mba's out of washington-dd-" -- admiral grace hopper . refreshed by a brief blackout, i got to my feet and went next door-dd- -- martin amis, _money_ . the sprung doors parted and i staggered out into the lobby's teak and flicker-dd- uniformed men stood by impassively like sentries in their trench-dd- i slapped my key on the desk and nodded gravely-dd- i was loaded enough to be unable to tell whether they could tell i was loaded-dd- would they mind-qq- i was certainly too loaded to care-dd- i moved to the door with boxy, schlep-shouldered strides-dd- -- martin amis, _money_ . i ask only one thing-dd- i'm understanding-dd- i'm mature-dd- and it isn't much to ask-dd- i want to get back to london, and track her down, and be alone with my selina -- or not even alone, damn it, merely close to her, close enough to smell her skin, to see the flecked webbing of her lemony eyes, the moulding of her artful lips-dd- just for a few precious seconds-dd- just long enough to put in one good, clean punch-dd- that's all i ask-dd- -- martin amis, _money_ . "love may fail, but courtesy will previal-dd-" -- a kurt vonnegut fan . new york is a jungle, they tell you-dd- you could go further, and say that new york is a jungle-dd- new york *is a jungle-dd-* beneath the columns of the old rain forest, made of melting macadam, the mean limpopo of swamped ninth avenue bears an angry argosy of crocs and dragons, tiger fish, noise machines, sweating rainmakers-dd- on the corners stand witchdoctors and headhunters, babbling voodoo-men -- the natives, the jungle-smart natives-dd- and at night, under the equatorial overgrowth and heat-holding cloud cover, you hear the ragged parrot-hoot and monkeysqueak of the sirens, and then fires flower to ward off monsters-dd- careful: the streets are sprung with pits and nets and traps-dd- hire a guide-dd- pack your snakebite gook and your blowdart serum-dd- take it seriously-dd- you have to get a bit jungle-wise-dd- -- martin amis, _money_ . now i was heading, in my hot cage, down towards meat-market country on the tip of the west village-dd- here the redbrick warehouses double as carcass galleries and rat hives, the manhattan fauna seeking its necessary level, living or dead-dd- here too you find the heavy faggot hangouts, the spike, the water closet, the mother load-dd- nobody knows what goes on in these places-dd- only the heavy faggots know-dd- even fielding seems somewhat vague on the question-dd- you get zapped and flogged and dumped on -- by almost anybody's standards, you have a really terrible time-dd- the average patron arrives at the spike in one taxi but needs to go back to his sock in two-dd- and then the next night he shows up for more-dd- they shackle themselves to racks, they bask in urinals-dd- their folks have a lot of explaining to do, if you want my opinion, particularly the mums-dd- sorry to single you ladies out like this but the story must start somewhere-dd- a craving for hourly murder -- it can't be willed-dd- in the meantime, fielding tells me, mother nature looks on and taps her foot and clicks her tongue-dd- always a champion of monogamy, she is cooking up some fancy new diseases-dd- she just isn't going to stand for it-dd- -- martin amis, _money_ . "you tried it just for once, found it alright for kicks, but now you find out you have a habit that sticks, you're an orgasm addict, you're always at it, and you're an orgasm addict-dd-" -- the buzzcocks . "there is no distinctly american criminal class except congress-dd-" -- mark twain . "you'll pay to know what you really think-dd-" -- j-dd-r-dd- "bob" dobbs . "we live, in a very kooky time-dd-" -- herb blashtfalt . "pull the wool over your own eyes-xx-" -- j-dd-r-dd- "bob" dobbs . "okay," bobby said, getting the hang of it, "then what's the matrix-qq- if she's a deck, and danbala's a program, what's cyberspace-qq-" "the world," lucas said-dd- -- william gibson, _count zero_ . "our reruns are better than theirs-dd-" -- nick at nite . life is a game-dd- money is how we keep score-dd- -- ted turner . "pay no attention to the man behind the curtain-dd-" -- the wizard of oz . "pay no attention to the man behind the curtain-dd-" -- karl, as he stepped behind the computer to reboot it, during a fat . "it ain't so much the things we don't know that get us in trouble-dd- it's the things we know that ain't so-dd-" -- artemus ward aka charles farrar brown . "don't discount flying pigs before you have good air defense-dd-" -- jvh@clinet-dd-fi . "in the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble-dd-" -- alan perlis . "pok pok pok, p'kok-xx-" -- superchicken . live free or live in massachusettes-dd- . "you can't get very far in this world without your dossier being there first-dd-" -- arthur miller . "flight reservation systems decide whether or not you exist-dd- if your information isn't in their database, then you simply don't get to go anywhere-dd-" -- arthur miller . "what people have been reduced to are mere 3-d representations of their own data-dd-" -- arthur miller . "the avis wizard decides if you get to drive a car-dd- your head won't touch the pillow of a sheraton unless their computer says it's okay-dd-" -- arthur miller . "they know your name, address, telephone number, credit card numbers, who else is driving the car "for insurance", -dd--dd--dd- your driver's license number-dd- in the state of massachusetts, this is the same number as that used for social security, unless you object to such use-dd- in that case, you are assigned a number and you reside forever more on the list of "weird people who don't give out their social security number in massachusetts-dd-" -- arthur miller . "data is a lot like humans: it is born-dd- matures-dd- gets married to other data, divorced-dd- gets old-dd- one thing that it doesn't do is die-dd- it has to be killed-dd-" -- arthur miller . "people should have access to the data which you have about them-dd- there should be a process for them to challenge any inaccuracies-dd-" -- arthur miller . "although poles suffer official censorship, a pervasive secret police and laws similar to those in the ussr, there are thousands of underground publications, a legal independent church, private agriculture, and the east bloc's first and only independent trade union federation, nszz solidarnosc, which is an affiliate of both the international confederation of free trade unions and the world confederation of labor-dd- there is literally a world of difference between poland - even in its present state of collapse - and soviet society at the peak of its "glasnost-dd-" this difference has been maintained at great cost by the poles since 1944-dd- -- david phillips, suny at buffalo, about establishing a gateway from earn (eurpoean academic research network) to poland . "there is also a thriving independent student movement in poland, and thus there is a strong possibility (though no guarantee) of making an earn-poland link, should it ever come about, a genuine link - not a vacuum cleaner attachment for a bloc information gathering apparatus rationed to trusted apparatchiks-dd-" -- david phillips, suny at buffalo, about establishing a gateway from earn (eurpoean academic research network) to poland . "do not lose your knowledge that man's proper estate is an upright posture, an intransigent mind, and a step that travels unlimited roads-dd-" -- john galt, in ayn rand's _atlas shrugged_ . don't panic-dd- . the bug stops here-dd- . the bug starts here-dd- . "why waste negative entropy on comments, when you could use the same entropy to create bugs instead-qq-" -- steve elias . "the pathology is to want control, not that you ever get it, because of course you never do-dd-" -- gregory bateson . "your butt is mine-dd-" -- michael jackson, bad . ship it-dd- . "once they go up, who cares where they come down-qq- that's not my department-dd-" -- werner von braun . "when the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to treat everything as if it were a nail-dd-" -- abraham maslow . "imitation is the sincerest form of television-dd-" -- the new mighty mouse . "the lesser of two evils -- is evil-dd-" -- seymour (sy) leon . "it's no sweat, henry-dd- russ made it back to bugtown before he died-dd- so he'll regenerate in a couple of days-dd- it's just awful sloppy of him to get killed in the first place-dd- humph-xx-" -- ron post, post brothers comics . "an honest god is the noblest work of man-dd- -dd--dd--dd- god has always resembled his creators-dd- he hated and loved what they hated and loved and he was invariably found on the side of those in power-dd- -dd--dd--dd- most of the gods were pleased with sacrifice, and the smell of innocent blood has ever been considered a divine perfume-dd-" -- robert g-dd- ingersoll . "we are not endeavoring to chain the future but to free the present-dd- -dd--dd--dd- we are the advocates of inquiry, investigation, and thought-dd- -dd--dd--dd- it is grander to think and investigate for yourself than to repeat a creed-dd- -dd--dd--dd- i look for the day when *reason*, throned upon the world's brains, shall be the king of kings and the god of gods-dd- -- robert g-dd- ingersoll . "i honestly believe that the doctrine of hell was born in the glittering eyes of snakes that run in frightful coils watching for their prey-dd- i believe it was born with the yelping, howling, growling and snarling of wild beasts-dd--dd--dd- i despise it, i defy it, and i hate it-dd-" -- robert g-dd- ingersoll . "is this foreplay-qq-" "no, this is nuke strike-dd- foreplay has lousy graphics-dd- beat me again-dd-" -- duckert, in "bad rubber," albedo #0 (comics) . egrep patterns are full regular expressions; it uses a fast deterministic algorithm that sometimes needs exponential space-dd- -- unix manuals . "a mind is a terrible thing to have leaking out your ears-dd-" -- the league of sadistic telepaths . "life sucks, but it's better than the alternative-dd-" -- peter da silva . if this is a service economy, why is the service so bad-qq- . "i shall expect a chemical cure for psychopathic behavior by 10 a-dd-m-dd- tomorrow, or i'll have your guts for spaghetti-dd-" -- a comic panel by cotham . "even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there-dd-" -- will rogers . "an open mind has but one disadvantage: it collects dirt-dd-" -- a saying at rpi . "the geeks shall inherit the earth-dd-" -- karl lehenbauer . "beware of programmers carrying screwdrivers-dd-" -- chip salzenberg . "elvis is my copilot-dd-" -- cal keegan . "the fundamental principle of science, the definition almost, is this: the sole test of the validity of any idea is experiment-dd-" -- richard p-dd- feynman . how many unix hacks does it take to change a light bulb-qq- let's see, can you use a shell script for that or does it need a c program-qq- . "don't hate me because i'm beautiful-dd- hate me because i'm beautiful, smart and rich-dd-" -- calvin keegan . "the whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts-dd-" -- bertrand russell . always look over your shoulder because everyone is watching and plotting against you-dd- . "let us condemn to hellfire all those who disagree with us-dd-" -- militant religionists everywhere . baby on board-dd- . "the net result is a system that is not only binary compatible with 4-dd-3 bsd, but is even bug for bug compatible in almost all features-dd-" -- avadit tevanian, jr-dd-, "architecture-independent virtual memory management for parallel and distributed environments: the mach approach" . "the number of unix installations has grown to 10, with more expected-dd-" -- the unix programmer's manual, 2nd edition, june, 1972 . "engineering without management is art-dd-" -- jeff johnson . "i'm not a god, i was misquoted-dd-" -- lister, red dwarf . brain off-line, please wait-dd- . "psychoanalysis-qq--qq- i thought this was a nude rap session-xx--xx--xx-" -- zippy . are you having fun yet-qq- . "the vast majority of successful major crimes against property are perpetrated by individuals abusing positions of trust-dd-" -- lawrence dalzell . "perhaps i am flogging a straw herring in mid-stream, but in the light of what is known about the ubiquity of security vulnerabilities, it seems vastly too dangerous for university folks to run with their heads in the sand-dd-" -- peter g-dd- neumann, risks moderator, about the internet virus . "seed me, seymour" -- a random number generator meets the big green mother from outer space . "buy land-dd- they've stopped making it-dd-" -- mark twain . "open the pod bay doors, hal-dd-" -- dave bowman, 2001 . "there was no difference between the behavior of a god and the operations of pure chance-dd--dd--dd-" -- thomas pynchon, _gravity's rainbow_ . -dd--dd--dd-saure really turns out to be an adept at the difficult art of papryomancy, the ability to prophesy through contemplating the way people roll reefers - the shape, the licking pattern, the wrinkles and folds or absence thereof in the paper-dd- "you will soon be in love," sez saure, "see, this line here-dd-" "it's long, isn't it-qq- does that mean --" "length is usually intensity-dd- not time-dd-" -- thomas pynchon, _gravity's rainbow_ . go ahead, capitalize the t on technology, deify it if it will make you feel less responsible -- but it puts you in with the neutered, brother, in with the eunuchs keeping the harem of our stolen earth for the numb and joyless hardons of human sultans, human elite with no right at all to be where they are --" -- thomas pynchon, _gravity's rainbow_ . -dd--dd--dd-the prevailing catholic odor - incense, wax, centuries of mild bleating from the lips of the flock-dd- -- thomas pynchon, _gravity's rainbow_ . -dd--dd--dd-at that time [the 1960s], bell laboratories scientists projected that computer speeds as high as 30 million floating-point calculations per second (megaflops) would be needed for the army's ballistic missile defense system-dd- many computer experts -- including a national academy of sciences panel -- said achieving such speeds, even using multiple processors, was impossible-dd- today, new generation supercomputers operate at billions of operations per second (gigaflops)-dd- -- aviation week & space technology, may 9, 1988, "washington roundup", pg 13 . shit happens-dd- . backups: always in season, never out of style-dd- . "there was a vague, unpleasant manginess about his appearence; he somehow seemed dirty, though a close glance showed him as carefully shaven as an actor, and clad in immaculate linen-dd-" -- h-dd-l-dd- mencken, on the death of william jennings bryan . work was impossible-dd- the geeks had broken my spirit-dd- they had done too many things wrong-dd- it was never like this for mencken-dd- he lived like a prussian gambler -- sweating worse than bryan on some nights and drunker than judas on others-dd- it was all a dehumanized nightmare-dd--dd--dd-and these raddled cretins have the gall to complain about my deadlines-dd- -- hunter thompson, "bad nerves in fat city", _generation of swine_ . "this generation may be the one that will face armageddon-dd-" -- ronald reagan, "people" magazine, december 26, 1985 . -dd--dd--dd- the cable had passed us by; the dish was the only hope, and eventually we were all forced to turn to it-dd- by the summer of '85, the valley had more satellite dishes per capita than an eskimo village on the north slope of alaska-dd- mine was one of the last to go in-dd- i had been nervous from the start about the hazards of too much input, which is a very real problem with these things-dd- watching tv becomes a full-time job when you can scan 200 channels all day and all night and still have the option of punching night dreams into the video machine, if the rest of the world seems dull-dd- -- hunter thompson, "full-time scrambling", _generation of swine_ . "call immediately-dd- time is running out-dd- we both need to do something monstrous before we die-dd-" -- message from ralph steadman to hunter thompson . "the only way for a reporter to look at a politician is down-dd-" -- h-dd-l-dd- mencken . "you don't go out and kick a mad dog-dd- if you have a mad dog with rabies, you take a gun and shoot him-dd-" -- pat robertson, tv evangelist, about muammar kadhafy . david brinkley: the daily astrological charts are precisely where, in my judgment, they belong, and that is on the comic page-dd- george will: i don't think astrology belongs even on the comic pages-dd- the comics are making no truth claim-dd- brinkley: where would you put it-qq- will: i wouldn't put it in the newspaper-dd- i think it's transparent rubbish-dd- it's a reflection of an idea that we expelled from western thought in the sixteenth century, that we are in the center of a caring universe-dd- we are not the center of the universe, and it doesn't care-dd- the star's alignment at the time of our birth -- that is absolute rubbish-dd- it is not funny to have it intruded among people who have nuclear weapons-dd- sam donaldson: this isn't something new-dd- governor ronald reagan was sworn in just after midnight in his first term in sacramento because the stars said it was a propitious time-dd- will: they [horoscopes] are utter crashing banalities-dd- they could apply to anyone and anything-dd- brinkley: when is the exact moment [of birth]-qq- i don't think the nurse is standing there with a stopwatch and a notepad-dd- donaldson: if we're making decisions based on the stars -- that's a cockamamie thing-dd- people want to know-dd- -- "this week" with david brinkley, abc television, sunday, may 8, 1988, excerpts from a discussion on astrology and reagan . the reported resort to astrology in the white house has occasioned much merriment-dd- it is not funny-dd- astrological gibberish, which means astrology generally, has no place in a newspaper, let alone government-dd- unlike comics, which are part of a newspaper's harmless pleasure and make no truth claims, astrology is a fraud-dd- the idea that it gets a hearing in government is dismaying-dd- -- george will, washing post writers group . astrology is the sheerest hokum-dd- this pseudoscience has been around since the day of the chaldeans and babylonians-dd- it is as phony as numerology, phrenology, palmistry, alchemy, the reading of tea leaves, and the practice of divination by the entrails of a goat-dd- no serious person will buy the notion that our lives are influenced individually by the movement of distant planets-dd- this is the sawdust blarney of the carnival midway-dd- -- james j-dd- kilpatrick, universal press syndicate . a serious public debate about the validity of astrology-qq- a serious believer in the white house-qq- two of them-qq- give me a break-dd- what stifled my laughter is that the image fits-dd- reagan has always exhibited a fey indifference toward science-dd- facts, like numbers, roll off his back-dd- and we've all come to accept it-dd- this time it was stargazing that became a serious issue-dd--dd--dd--dd-not that long ago, it was reagan's support of creationism-dd--dd--dd--dd-creationists actually got equal time with evolutionists-dd- the public was supposed to be open-minded to the claims of paleontologists and fundamentalists, as if the two were scientific colleagues-dd--dd--dd--dd-it has been clear for a long time that the president is averse to science-dd--dd--dd-in general, these attitudes fall onto friendly american turf-dd--dd--dd--dd-but at the outer edges, this skepticism about science easily turns into a kind of naive acceptance of nonscience, or even nonsense-dd- the same people who doubt experts can also believe any quackery, from the benefits of laetrile to eye of newt to the movment of planets-dd- we lose the capacity to make rational -- scientific -- judgments-dd- it's all the same-dd- -- ellen goodman, the boston globe newspaper company-washington post writers group . the spectacle of astrology in the white house -- the governing center of the world's greatest scientific and military power -- is so appalling that it defies understanding and provides grounds for great fright-dd- the easiest response is to laugh it off, and to indulge in wisecracks about civil service ratings for horoscope makers and palm readers and whether reagan asked mikhail gorbachev for his sign-dd- a contagious good cheer is the hallmark of this presidency, even when the most dismal matters are concerned-dd- but this time, it isn't funny-dd- it's plain scary-dd- -- daniel s-dd- greenberg, editor, _science and government report_, writing in "newsday", may 5, 1988 . [astrology is] 100 percent hokum, ted-dd- as a matter of fact, the first edition of the encyclopaedia britannica, written in 1771 -- 1771-xx- -- said that this belief system is a subject long ago ridiculed and reviled-dd- we're dealing with beliefs that go back to the ancient babylonians-dd- there's nothing there-dd--dd--dd--dd- it sounds a lot like science, it sounds like astronomy-dd- it's got technical terms-dd- it's got jargon-dd- it confuses the public-dd--dd--dd--dd-the astrologer is quite glib, confuses the public, uses terms which come from science, come from metaphysics, come from a host of fields, but they really mean nothing-dd- the fact is that astrological beliefs go back at least 2,500 years-dd- now that should be a sufficiently long time for astrologers to prove their case-dd- they have not proved their case-dd--dd--dd--dd-it's just simply gibberish-dd- the fact is, there's no theory for it, there are no observational data for it-dd- it's been tested and tested over the centuries-dd- nobody's ever found any validity to it at all-dd- it is not even close to a science-dd- a science has to be repeatable, it has to have a logical foundation, and it has to be potentially vulnerable -- you test it-dd- and in that astrology is reqlly quite something else-dd- -- astronomer richard berendzen, president, american university, on abc news "nightline," may 3, 1988 . even if we put all these nagging thoughts [four embarrassing questions about astrology] aside for a moment, one overriding question remains to be asked-dd- why would the positions of celestial objects at the moment of birth have an effect on our characters, lives, or destinies-qq- what force or influence, what sort of energy would travel from the planets and stars to all human beings and affect our development or fate-qq- no amount of scientific-sounding jargon or computerized calculations by astrologers can disguise this central problem with astrology -- we can find no evidence of a mechanism by which celestial objects can influence us in so specific and personal a way-dd- -dd- -dd- -dd- some astrologers argue that there may be a still unknown force that represents the astrological influence-dd- -dd- -dd- -dd-if so, astrological predictions -- like those of any scientific field -- should be easily tested-dd- -dd- -dd- -dd- astrologers always claim to be just a little too busy to carry out such careful tests of their efficacy, so in the last two decades scientists and statisticians have generously done such testing for them-dd- there have been dozens of well-designed tests all around the world, and astrology has failed every one of them-dd- -dd- -dd- -dd- i propose that we let those beckoning lights in the sky awaken our interest in the real (and fascinating) universe beyond our planet, and not let them keep us tied to an ancient fantasy left over from a time when we huddled by the firelight, afraid of the night-dd- -- andrew fraknoi, executive officer, astronomical society of the pacific, "why astrology believers should feel embarrassed," san jose mercury news, may 8, 1988 . with the news that nancy reagan has referred to an astrologer when planning her husband's schedule, and reports of californians evacuating los angeles on the strength of a prediction from a sixteenth-century physician and astrologer michel de notredame, the image of the u-dd-s-dd- as a scientific and technological nation has taking a bit of a battering lately-dd- sadly, such happenings cannot be dismissed as passing fancies-dd- they are manifestations of a well-established "anti-science" tendency in the u-dd-s-dd- which, ultimately, could threaten the country's position as a technological power-dd- -dd- -dd- -dd- the manifest widespread desire to reject rationality and substitute a series of quasirandom beliefs in order to understand the universe does not augur well for a nation deeply concerned about its ability to compete with its industrial equals-dd- to the degree that it reflects the thinking of a significant section of the public, this point of view encourages ignorance of and, indeed, contempt for science and for rational methods of approaching truth-dd- -dd- -dd- -dd- it is becoming clear that if the u-dd-s-dd- does not pick itself up soon and devote some effort to educating the young effectively, its hope of maintaining a semblance of leadership in the world may rest, paradoxically, with a new wave of technically interested and trained immigrants who do not suffer from the anti-science disease rampant in an apparently decaying society-dd- -- physicist tony feinberg, in "new scientist," may 19, 1988 . miracle: an extremely outstanding or unusual event, thing, or accomplishment-dd- -- webster's dictionary . "the computer programmer is a creator of universes for which he alone is responsible-dd- universes of virtually unlimited complexity can be created in the form of computer programs-dd-" -- joseph weizenbaum, _computer power and human reason_ . "if the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong-dd-" -- norm schryer . "may your future be limited only by your dreams-dd-" -- christa mcauliffe . "it is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be coming up it-dd-" -- henry allen . "life begins when you can spend your spare time programming instead of watching television-dd-" -- cal keegan . eat shit -- billions of flies can't be wrong-dd- . "we never make assertions, miss taggart," said hugh akston-dd- "that is the moral crime peculiar to our enemies-dd- we do not tell -- we *show*-dd- we do not claim -- we *prove*-dd-" -- ayn rand, _atlas shrugged_ . "i remember when i was a kid i used to come home from sunday school and my mother would get drunk and try to make pancakes-dd-" -- george carlin . "my father-qq- my father left when i was quite young-dd- well actually, he was asked to leave-dd- he had trouble metabolizing alcohol-dd-" -- george carlin . "i turn on my television set-dd- i see a young lady who goes under the guise of being a christian, known all over the nation, dressed in skin-tight leather pants, shaking and wiggling her hips to the beat and rythm of the music as the strobe lights beat their patterns across the stage and the band plays the contemporary rock sound which cannot be differentiated from songs by the grateful dead, the beatles, or anyone else-dd- and you may try to tell me this is of god and that it is leading people to christ, but i know better-dd- -- jimmy swaggart, hypocritical sexual pervert and tv preacher, self-described pornography addict, "two points of view: 'christian' rock and roll-dd-", the evangelist, 17(8): 49-50-dd- . "so-called christian rock-dd- -dd- -dd- -dd- is a diabolical force undermining christianity from within-dd-" -- jimmy swaggart, hypocrite and tv preacher, self-described pornography addict, "two points of view: 'christian' rock and roll-dd-", the evangelist, 17(8): 49-50-dd- . "anyone attempting to generate random numbers by deterministic means is, of course, living in a state of sin-dd-" -- john von neumann . "you must have an iq of at least half a million-dd-" -- popeye . "freedom is still the most radical idea of all-dd-" -- nathaniel branden . aren't you glad you're not getting all the government you pay for now-qq- . "i never let my schooling get in the way of my education-dd-" -- mark twain . these screamingly hilarious gogs ensure owners of x ray gogs to be the life of any party-dd- -- x-ray gogs instructions . a student asked the master for help-dd--dd--dd- does this program run from the workbench-qq- the master grabbed the mouse and pointed to an icon-dd- "what is this-qq-" he asked-dd- the student replied "that's the mouse"-dd- the master pressed control-amiga-amiga and hit the student on the head with the amiga rom kernel manual-dd- -- amiga zen master peter da silva . "thank heaven for startups; without them we'd never have any advances-dd-" -- seymour cray . "out of register space (ugh)" -- vi . "its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community-dd-" - oscar wilde . "ada is pl/i trying to be smalltalk-dd- -- codoso diblini . "the greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by mean of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding-dd-" -- justice louis o-dd- brandeis (olmstead vs-dd- united states) . "'tis true, 'tis pity, and pity 'tis 'tis true-dd-" -- poloniouius, in willie the shake's _hamlet, prince of darkness_ . "all the people are so happy now, their heads are caving in-dd- i'm glad they are a snowman with protective rubber skin" -- they might be giants . "indecision is the basis of flexibility" -- button at a science fiction convention-dd- . "sometimes insanity is the only alternative" -- button at a science fiction convention-dd- . "old age and treachery will beat youth and skill every time-dd-" -- a coffee cup . "the most important thing in a man is not what he knows, but what he is-dd-" -- narciso yepes . "all we are given is possibilities -- to make ourselves one thing or another-dd-" -- ortega y gasset . "we will be better and braver if we engage and inquire than if we indulge in the idle fancy that we already know -- or that it is of no use seeking to know what we do not know-dd-" -- plato . "to undertake a project, as the word's derivation indicates, means to cast an idea out ahead of oneself so that it gains autonomy and is fulfilled not only by the efforts of its originator but, indeed, independently of him as well-dd- -- czeslaw milosz . "we cannot put off living until we are ready-dd- the most salient characteristic of life is its coerciveness; it is always urgent, "here and now," without any possible postponement-dd- life is fired at us point blank-dd-" -- ortega y gasset . "from there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere-dd-" -- dr-dd- seuss . "when it comes to humility, i'm the greatest-dd-" -- bullwinkle moose . remember, an int is not always 16 bits-dd- i'm not sure, but if the 80386 is one step closer to intel's slugfest with the cpu curve that is aymptotically approaching a real machine, perhaps an int has been implemented as 32 bits by some unix vendors-dd--dd--dd--qq- -- derek terveer . "insofar as i may be heard by anything, which may or may not care what i say, i ask, if it matters, that you be forgiven for anything you may have done or failed to do which requires forgiveness-dd- conversely, if not forgiveness but something else may be required to insure any possible benefit for which you may be eligible after the destruction of your body, i ask that this, whatever it may be, be granted or withheld, as the case may be, in such a manner as to insure your receiving said benefit-dd- i ask this in my capacity as your elected intermediary between yourself and that which may not be yourself, but which may have an interest in the matter of your receiving as much as it is possible for you to receive of this thing, and which may in some way be influenced by this ceremony-dd- amen-dd-" madrak, in _creatures of light and darkness_, by roger zelazny . "an academic speculated whether a bather is beautiful if there is none in the forest to admire her-dd- he hid in the bushes to find out, which vitiated his premise but made him happy-dd- moral: empiricism is more fun than speculation-dd-" -- sam weber . 1 1 was a race-horse, 2 2 was 1 2-dd- when 1 1 1 1 race, 2 2 1 1 2-dd- . "i figured there was this holocaust, right, and the only ones left alive were donna reed, ozzie and harriet, and the cleavers-dd-" -- wil wheaton explains why everyone in "star trek: the next generation" is so nice . "engineering meets art in the parking lot and things explode-dd-" -- garry peterson, about survival research labs . "why can't we ever attempt to solve a problem in this country without having a 'war' on it-qq-" -- rich thomson, talk-dd-politics-dd-misc . -dd--dd--dd-and before i knew what i was doing, i had kicked the typewriter and threw it around the room and made it beg for mercy-dd- at this point the typewriter pleaded for me to dress him in feminine attire but instead i pressed his margin release over and over again until the typewriter lost consciousness-dd- presently, i regained consciousness and realized with shame what i had done-dd- my shame is gone and now i am looking for a submissive typewriter, any color, or model-dd- no electric typewriters please-xx- --rick kleiner . professional wrestling: ballet for the common man-dd- . "an idealist is one who, on noticing that a rose smells better than a cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup-dd-" - h-dd-l-dd- mencken . "are those cocktail-waitress fingernail marks-qq-" i asked colletti as he showed us these scratches on his chest-dd- "no, those are on my back," colletti answered-dd- "this is where a case of cocktail shrimp fell on me-dd- i told her to slow down a little, but you know cocktail waitresses, they seem to have a mind of their own-dd-" -- the incredibly monstrous, mind-roasting summer of o-dd-c-dd- and stiggs national lampoon, october 1982 . "never give in-dd- never give in-dd- never-dd- never-dd- never-dd-" -- winston churchill . "never ascribe to malice that which is caused by greed and ignorance-dd-" -- cal keegan . "despite its suffix, skepticism is not an "ism" in the sense of a belief or dogma-dd- it is simply an approach to the problem of telling what is counterfeit and what is genuine-dd- and a recognition of how costly it may be to fail to do so-dd- to be a skeptic is to cultivate "street smarts" in the battle for control of one's own mind, one's own money, one'w own allegiances-dd- to be a skeptic, in short, is to refuse to be a victim-dd- -- robert s-dd- debear, "an agenda for reason, realism, and responsibility," new york skeptic (newsletter of the new york area skeptics, inc-dd-), spring 1988 . "if you want to know what happens to you when you die, go look at some dead stuff-dd-" -- dave enyeart . "after one week [visiting austria] i couldn't wait to go back to the united states-dd- everything was much more pleasant in the united states, because of the mentality of being open-minded, always positive-dd- everything you want to do in europe is just, 'no way-dd- no one has ever done it-dd-' they haven't any more the desire to go out to conquer and achieve -- i realized that i had much more the american spirit-dd-" -- arnold schwarzenegger . "i prefer rogues to imbeciles, because they sometimes take a rest-dd-" -- alexandre dumas (fils) . well, punk is kind of anti-ethical, anyway-dd- its ethics, so to speak, include a disdain for ethics in general-dd- if you have to think about some- thing so hard, then it's bullshit anyway; that's the idea-dd- punks are anti- ismists, to coin a term-dd- but nonetheless, they have a pretty clearly defined stance and image, and that is what we hang the term `punk' on-dd- -- jeff g-dd- bone . i think for the most part that the readership here uses the c-word in a similar fashion-dd- i don't think anybody really believes in a new, revolution- ary literature --- i think they use `cyberpunk' as a term of convenience to discuss the common stylistic elements in a small subset of recent sf books-dd- -- jeff g-dd- bone . so we get to my point-dd- surely people around here read things that aren't on the *officially sanctioned cyberpunk reading list*-dd- surely we don't (any of us) really believe that there is some big, deep political and philosophical message in all this, do we-qq- so if this `cyberpunk' thing is just a term of convenience, how can somebody sell out-qq- if cyberpunk is just a word we use to describe a particular style and imagery in sf, how can it be dead-qq- where are the profound statements that the `movement' is or was trying to make-qq- i think most of us are interested in examining and discussing literary (and musical) works that possess a certain stylistic excellence and perhaps a rather extreme perspective; this is what cp is all about, no-qq- maybe there should be a newsgroup like, say, alt-dd-postmodern or somthing-dd- something less restrictive in scope than alt-dd-cyberpunk-dd- -- jeff g-dd- bone . "everyone's head is a cheap movie show-dd-" -- jeff g-dd- bone . life is full of concepts that are poorly defined-dd- in fact, there are very few concepts that aren't-dd- it's hard to think of any in non-technical fields-dd- -- daniel kimberg . -dd--dd--dd-cyberpunk wants to see the mind as mechanistic & duplicable, challenging basic assumptions about the nature of individuality & self-dd- that seems all the better reason to assume that cyberpunk art & music is essentially mindless garbagio-dd- willy certainly addressed this idea in "count zero," with katatonenkunst, the automatic box-maker and the girl's observation that the real art was the building of the machine itself, rather than its output-dd- -- eliot handelman . it might be worth reflecting that this group was originally created back in september of 1987 and has exchanged over 1200 messages-dd- the original announcement for the group called for an all inclusive discussion ranging from the writings of gibson and vinge and movies like bladerunner to real world things like brands' description of the work being done at the mit media lab-dd- it was meant as a haven for people with vision of this scope-dd- if you want to create a haven for people with narrower visions, feel free-dd- but i feel sad for anyone who thinks that alt-dd-cyberpunk is such a monstrous group that it is in dire need of being subdivided-dd- heaven help them if they ever start reading comp-dd-arch or rec-dd-arts-dd-sf-lovers-dd- -- bob webber . -dd--dd--dd-i don't care for the term 'mechanistic'-dd- the word 'cybernetic' is a lot more apropos-dd- the mechanistic world-view is falling further and further behind the real world where even simple systems can produce the most marvellous chaos-dd- -- peter da silva . as for the basic assumptions about individuality and self, this is the core of what i like about cyberpunk-dd- and it's the core of what i like about certain pre-gibson neophile techie sf writers that certain folks here like to put down-dd- not everyone makes the same assumptions-dd- i haven't lost my mind-dd--dd--dd- it's backed up on tape-dd- -- peter da silva . who are the artists in the computer graphics show-qq- wavefront's latest box, or the people who programmed it-qq- should mandelbrot get all the credit for the output of programs like mandelvroom-qq- -- peter da silva . trailing edge technologies is pleased to announce the following tetflame programme: 1) for a negotiated price (no quatloos accepted) one of our flaming representatives will flame the living shit out of the poster of your choice-dd- the price is inversly proportional to how much of an asshole the target it-dd- we cannot be convinced to flame dennis ritchie-dd- matt crawford flames are free-dd- 2) for a negotiated price (same arrangement) the tetflame programme is offering ``flame insurence''-dd- under this arrangement, if one of our policy holders is flamed, we will cancel the offending article and flame the flamer, to a crisp-dd- 3) the tetflame flaming representatives include: richard sexton, oleg kisalev, diane holt, trish o'tauma, dave hill, greg nowak and our most recent aquisition, keith doyle-dd- but all he will do is put you in his kill file-dd- weemba by special arrangement-dd- -- richard sexton . "as i was walking among the fires of hell, delighted with the enjoyments of genius; which to angels look like torment and insanity-dd- i collected some of their proverbs-dd--dd--dd-" - blake, "the marriage of heaven and hell" . how to prove it, part 1 proof by example: the author gives only the case n = 2 and suggests that it contains most of the ideas of the general proof-dd- proof by intimidation: 'trivial'-dd- proof by vigorous handwaving: works well in a classroom or seminar setting-dd- . how to prove it, part 2 proof by cumbersome notation: best done with access to at least four alphabets and special symbols-dd- proof by exhaustion: an issue or two of a journal devoted to your proof is useful-dd- proof by omission: 'the reader may easily supply the details' 'the other 253 cases are analogous' '-dd--dd--dd-' . how to prove it, part 3 proof by obfuscation: a long plotless sequence of true and/or meaningless syntactically related statements-dd- proof by wishful citation: the author cites the negation, converse, or generalization of a theorem from the literature to support his claims-dd- proof by funding: how could three different government agencies be wrong-qq- proof by eminent authority: 'i saw karp in the elevator and he said it was probably np- complete-dd-' . how to prove it, part 4 proof by personal communication: 'eight-dimensional colored cycle stripping is np-complete [karp, personal communication]-dd-' proof by reduction to the wrong problem: 'to see that infinite-dimensional colored cycle stripping is decidable, we reduce it to the halting problem-dd-' proof by reference to inaccessible literature: the author cites a simple corollary of a theorem to be found in a privately circulated memoir of the slovenian philological society, 1883-dd- proof by importance: a large body of useful consequences all follow from the proposition in question-dd- . how to prove it, part 5 proof by accumulated evidence: long and diligent search has not revealed a counterexample-dd- proof by cosmology: the negation of the proposition is unimaginable or meaningless-dd- popular for proofs of the existence of god-dd- proof by mutual reference: in reference a, theorem 5 is said to follow from theorem 3 in reference b, which is shown to follow from corollary 6-dd-2 in reference c, which is an easy consequence of theorem 5 in reference a-dd- proof by metaproof: a method is given to construct the desired proof-dd- the correctness of the method is proved by any of these techniques-dd- . how to prove it, part 6 proof by picture: a more convincing form of proof by example-dd- combines well with proof by omission-dd- proof by vehement assertion: it is useful to have some kind of authority relation to the audience-dd- proof by ghost reference: nothing even remotely resembling the cited theorem appears in the reference given-dd- . how to prove it, part 7 proof by forward reference: reference is usually to a forthcoming paper of the author, which is often not as forthcoming as at first-dd- proof by semantic shift: some of the standard but inconvenient definitions are changed for the statement of the result-dd- proof by appeal to intuition: cloud-shaped drawings frequently help here-dd- . [may one] doubt whether, in cheese and timber, worms are generated, or, if beetles and wasps, in cow-dung, or if butterflies, locusts, shellfish, snails, eels, and such life be procreated of putrefied matter, which is to receive the form of that creature to which it is by formative power disposed[-qq-] to question this is to question reason, sense, and experience-dd- if he doubts this, let him go to egypt, and there he will find the fields swarming with mice begot of the mud of the nylus, to the great calamity of the inhabitants-dd- a seventeenth century opinion quoted by l-dd- l-dd- woodruff, in *the evolution of earth and man*, 1929 . seen on a button at an sf convention: veteran of the bermuda triangle expeditionary force-dd- 1990-1951-dd- . "if people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed-dd-" -- albert einstein . "what is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out, which is the exact opposite-dd-" -- bertrand russell, _sceptical_essays_, 1928 . "were there no women, men might live like gods-dd-" -- thomas dekker . "intelligence without character is a dangerous thing-dd-" -- g-dd- steinem . "it says he made us all to be just like him-dd- so if we're dumb, then god is dumb, and maybe even a little ugly on the side-dd-" -- frank zappa . "it's not just a computer -- it's your ass-dd-" -- cal keegan . "let me guess, ed-dd- pentescostal, right-qq-" -- starcap'n ra, ra@asuvax-dd-asu-dd-edu "nope-dd- charismatic (i think - i've given up on what all those pesky labels mean)-dd-" -- ed carp, erc@unisec-dd-usi-dd-com "same difference - all zeal and feel, averaging less than one working brain cell per congregation-dd- starcap'n ra, you pegged him-dd- good work-xx-" -- kenn barry, barry@eos-dd-uucp . "btw, does jesus know you flame-qq-" -- diane holt, dianeh@binky-dd-uucp, to ed carp . "i've seen the forgeries i've sent out-dd-" -- john f-dd- haugh ii (jfh@rpp386-dd-dallas-dd-tx-dd-us), about forging net news articles . "just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some of the few remaining bits of your brain just evaporated-qq-" -- patricia o tuama, rissa@killer-dd-dallas-dd-tx-dd-us . "bite off, dirtball-dd-" richard sexton, richard@gryphon-dd-com . "oh my-xx- an `inflammatory attitude' in alt-dd-flame-qq- never heard of such a thing-dd--dd--dd-" -- allen gwinn, allen@sulaco-dd-sigma-dd-com . (null cookie; hope that's ok) . "in christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality at any point-dd-" -- friedrich nietzsche . "who alone has reason to *lie himself out* of actuality-qq- he who *suffers* from it-dd-" -- friedrich nietzsche . "you who hate the jews so, why did you adopt their religion-qq-" -- friedrich nietzsche, addressing anti-semitic christians . "little prigs and three-quarter madmen may have the conceit that the laws of nature are constantly broken for their sakes-dd-" -- friedrich nietzsche . "science makes godlike -- it is all over with priests and gods when man becomes scientific-dd- moral: science is the forbidden as such -- it alone is forbidden-dd- science is the *first* sin, the *original* sin-dd- *this alone is morality-dd-* ``thou shalt not know'' -- the rest follows-dd-" -- friedrich nietzsche . "faith: not *wanting* to know what is true-dd-" -- friedrich nietzsche . >one basic notion underlying usenet is that it is a cooperative-dd- having been on usenet for going on ten years, i disagree with this-dd- the basic notion underlying usenet is the flame-dd- -- chuq von rospach, chuq@apple-dd-com . "every group has a couple of experts-dd- and every group has at least one idiot-dd- thus are balance and harmony (and discord) maintained-dd- it's sometimes hard to remember this in the bulk of the flamewars that all of the hassle and pain is generally caused by one or two highly-motivated, caustic twits-dd-" -- chuq von rospach, chuq@apple-dd-com, about usenet . backed up the system lately-qq- . "it doesn't much signify whom one marries for one is sure to find out next morning it was someone else-dd-" -- rogers . "if you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry-dd-" -- chekhov . "love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished-dd-" -- goethe . "in matrimony, to hesitate is sometimes to be saved-dd-" -- butler . "the great question-dd--dd--dd- which i have not been able to answer-dd--dd--dd- is, `what does woman want-qq-'" -- sigmund freud . "a fractal is by definition a set for which the hausdorff besicovitch dimension strictly exceeds the topological dimension-dd-" -- mandelbrot, _the fractal geometry of nature_ . "i have recently been examining all the known superstitions of the world, and do not find in our particular superstition (christianity) one redeeming feature-dd- they are all alike founded on fables and mythology-dd-" -- thomas jefferson . remember: silly is a state of mind, stupid is a way of life-dd- -- dave butler . "the preeminence of a learned man over a worshiper is equal to the preeminence of the moon, at the night of the full moon, over all the stars-dd- verily, the learned men are the heirs of the prophets-dd-" -- a tradition attributed to muhammad . "the clergy successfully preached the doctrines of patience and pusillanimity; the active virtues of society were discouraged; and the last remains of a military spirit were buried in the cloister: a large portion of public and private wealth was consecrated to the specious demands of charity and devotion; and the soldiers' pay was lavished on the useless multitudes of both sexes who could only plead the merits of abstinence and chastity-dd-" -- edward gibbons, _the decline and fall of the roman empire_ . "the question is rather: if we ever succeed in making a mind 'of nuts and bolts', how will we know we have succeeded-qq- -- fergal toomey "it will tell us-dd-" -- barry kort . "inquiry is fatal to certainty-dd-" -- will durant . "the mets were great in 'sixty eight, the cards were fine in 'sixty nine, but the cubs will be heavenly in nineteen and seventy-dd-" -- ernie banks . "on two occasions i have been asked [by members of parliament-xx-], 'pray, mr-dd- babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out-qq-' i am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question-dd-" -- charles babbage . "i call christianity the *one* great curse, the *one* great intrinsic depravity, the *one* great instinct for revenge for which no expedient is sufficiently poisonous, secret, subterranean, *petty* -- i call it the *one* mortal blemish of mankind-dd-" -- friedrich nietzsche . "the fundamental purpose animating the faith of god and his religion is to safeguard the interests and promote the unity of the human race, and to foster the spirit of love and fellowship amongst men-dd- suffer it not to become a source of dissension and discord, of hate and enmity-dd-" "religion is verily the chief instrument for the establishment of order in the world and of tranquillity amongst it's peoples-dd--dd--dd-the greater the decline of religion, the more grievous the waywardness of the ungodly-dd- this cannot but lead in the end to chaos and confusion-dd-" -- baha'u'llah, a selection from the baha'i scripture . "cogito ergo i'm right and you're wrong-dd-" -- blair houghton . "-dd--dd--dd-one of the main causes of the fall of the roman empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their c programs-dd-" -- robert firth . q: somebody just posted that roman polanski directed star wars-dd- what should i do-qq- a: post the correct answer at once-xx- we can't have people go on believing that-xx- very good of you to spot this-dd- you'll probably be the only one to make the correction, so post as soon as you can-dd- no time to lose, so certainly don't wait a day, or check to see if somebody else has made the correction-dd- and it's not good enough to send the message by mail-dd- since you're the only one who really knows that it was francis coppola, you have to inform the whole net right away-xx- -- brad templeton, _emily postnews answers your questions on netiquette_ . q: how can i choose what groups to post in-qq- -dd--dd--dd- q: how about an example-qq- a: ok-dd- let's say you want to report that gretzky has been traded from the oilers to the kings-dd- now right away you might think rec-dd-sport-dd-hockey would be enough-dd- wrong-dd- many more people might be interested-dd- this is a big trade-xx- since it's a news article, it belongs in the news-dd-* hierarchy as well-dd- if you are a news admin, or there is one on your machine, try news-dd-admin-dd- if not, use news-dd-misc-dd- the oilers are probably interested in geology, so try sci-dd-physics-dd- he is a big star, so post to sci-dd-astro, and sci-dd-space because they are also interested in stars-dd- next, his name is polish sounding-dd- so post to soc-dd-culture-dd-polish-dd- but that group doesn't exist, so cross-post to news-dd-groups suggesting it should be created-dd- with this many groups of interest, your article will be quite bizarre, so post to talk-dd-bizarre as well-dd- (and post to comp-dd-std-dd-mumps, since they hardly get any articles there, and a "comp" group will propagate your article further-dd-) you may also find it is more fun to post the article once in each group-dd- if you list all the newsgroups in the same article, some newsreaders will only show the the article to the reader once-xx- don't tolerate this-dd- -- brad templeton, _emily postnews answers your questions on netiquette_ . q: i cant spell worth a dam-dd- i hope your going too tell me what to do-qq- a: don't worry about how your articles look-dd- remember it's the message that counts, not the way it's presented-dd- ignore the fact that sloppy spelling in a purely written forum sends out the same silent messages that soiled clothing would when addressing an audience-dd- -- brad templeton, _emily postnews answers your questions on netiquette_ . q: they just announced on the radio that dan quayle was picked as the republican v-dd-p-dd- candidate-dd- should i post-qq- a: of course-dd- the net can reach people in as few as 3 to 5 days-dd- it's the perfect way to inform people about such news events long after the broadcast networks have covered them-dd- as you are probably the only person to have heard the news on the radio, be sure to post as soon as you can-dd- -- brad templeton, _emily postnews answers your questions on netiquette_ . what did mickey mouse get for christmas-qq- a dan quayle watch-dd- -- heard from a mike dukakis field worker . q: what's the difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman-qq- a: the car salesman can probably drive-xx- -- joan mcgalliard (jem@latcs1-dd-oz-dd-au) . "your stupidity, allen, is simply not up to par-dd-" -- dave mack (mack@inco-dd-uucp) "yours is-dd-" -- allen gwinn (allen@sulaco-dd-sigma-dd-com), in alt-dd-flame . a selection from the taoist writings: "lao-tan asked confucius: `what do you mean by benevolence and righteousness-qq-' confucius said: `to be in one's inmost heart in kindly sympathy with all things; to love all men and allow no selfish thoughts: this is the nature of benevolence and righteousness-dd-'" -- kwang-tzu . "jesus saves-dd--dd--dd-but gretzky gets the rebound-xx-" -- daniel hinojosa (hinojosa@hp-sdd) . "anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator-dd-" -- claude shouse (shouse@macomw-dd-arpa) "einstein's mother must have been one heck of a physicist-dd-" -- joseph c-dd- wang (joe@athena-dd-mit-dd-edu) . "religion is something left over from the infancy of our intelligence, it will fade away as we adopt reason and science as our guidelines-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "lying lips are abomination to the lord; but they that deal truly are his delight-dd- a soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger-dd- he that answereth a matter before he heareth it, it is folly and shame unto him-dd- be not a witness against thy neighbor without cause; and deceive not with thy lips-dd- death and life are in the power of the tongue-dd-" -- proverbs, some selections from the jewish scripture . "as an adolescent i aspired to lasting fame, i craved factual certainty, and i thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life -- so i became a scientist-dd- this is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls-dd-" -- matt cartmill . heisengberg might have been here-dd- . "any excuse will serve a tyrant-dd-" -- aesop . "experience has proved that some people indeed know everything-dd-" -- russell baker . how many zen buddhist does it take to change a light bulb-qq- two-dd- one to change it and one not to change it-dd- . "i prefer the blunted cudgels of the followers of the serpent god-dd-" -- sean doran the younger . "if i do not want others to quote me, i do not speak-dd-" -- phil wayne . "my terminal is a lethal teaspoon-dd-" -- patricia o tuama . "i am -dd--dd--dd- a woman -dd--dd--dd- and -dd--dd--dd- technically a parasitic uterine growth" -- sean doran the younger [allegedly] . "is it just me, or does anyone else read `bible humpers' every time someone writes `bible thumpers-qq-' -- joel m-dd- snyder, jms@mis-dd-arizona-dd-edu . "money is the root of all money-dd-" -- the moving finger . "-dd--dd--dd-greg nowak: `another flame from greg' - need i say more-qq-" -- jonathan d-dd- trudel, trudel@caip-dd-rutgers-dd-edu "no-dd- you need to say less-dd-" -- richard sexton, richard@gryphon-dd-com . "and it's my opinion, and that's only my opinion, you are a lunatic-dd- just because there are a few hunderd other people sharing your lunacy with you does not make you any saner-dd- doomed, eh-qq-" -- oleg kiselev,oleg@cs-dd-ucla-dd-edu . "obedience-dd- a religion of slaves-dd- a religion of intellectual death-dd- i like it-dd- don't ask questions, don't think, obey the word of the lord -- as it has been conveniently brought to you by a man in a rolls with a heavy rolex on his wrist-dd- i like that job-xx- where can i sign up-qq-" -- oleg kiselev,oleg@cs-dd-ucla-dd-edu . "home life as we understand it is no more natural to us than a cage is to a cockatoo-dd-" -- george bernard shaw . "marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and those inside desperate to get out-dd-" -- montaigne . "for a male and female to live continuously together is-dd--dd--dd- biologically speaking, an extremely unnatural condition-dd-" -- robert briffault . "marriage is low down, but you spend the rest of your life paying for it-dd-" -- baskins . a man is not complete until he is married -- then he is finished-dd- . marriage is the sole cause of divorce-dd- . marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence-dd- second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience-dd- . "the chain which can be yanked is not the eternal chain-dd-" -- g-dd- fitch . "go to heaven for the climate, hell for the company-dd-" -- mark twain . "i am convinced that the manufacturers of carpet odor removing powder have included encapsulated time released cat urine in their products-dd- this technology must be what prevented its distribution during my mom's reign-dd- my carpet smells like piss, and i don't have a cat-dd- better go by some more-dd-" -- timw@zeb-dd-uswest-dd-com, in alt-dd-conspiracy . "if there isn't a population problem, why is the government putting cancer in the cigarettes-qq-" -- the elder steptoe, c-dd- 1970 . "if you don't want your dog to have bad breath, do what i do: pour a little lavoris in the toilet-dd-" -- comedian jay leno . "here's something to think about: how come you never see a headline like `psychic wins lottery-dd-'" -- comedian jay leno . "well hello there charlie brown, you blockhead-dd-" -- lucy van pelt . "time is an illusion-dd- lunchtime doubly so-dd-" -- ford prefect, _hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy_ . "ignorance is the soil in which belief in miracles grows-dd-" -- robert g-dd- ingersoll . "let every man teach his son, teach his daughter, that labor is honorable-dd-" -- robert g-dd- ingersoll . "i have not the slightest confidence in 'spiritual manifestations-dd-'" -- robert g-dd- ingersoll . "it is hard to overstate the debt that we owe to men and women of genius-dd-" -- robert g-dd- ingersoll . "joy is wealth and love is the legal tender of the soul-dd-" -- robert g-dd- ingersoll . "the hands that help are better far than the lips that pray-dd-" -- robert g-dd- ingersoll . "it is the creationists who blasphemously are claiming that god is cheating us in a stupid way-dd-" -- j-dd- w-dd- nienhuys . "no, no, i don't mind being called the smartest man in the world-dd- i just wish it wasn't this one-dd-" -- adrian veidt/ozymandias, watchmen . "be *excellent* to each other-dd-" -- bill, or ted, in bill and ted's excellent adventure . the seventh edition licensing procedures are, i suppose, still in effect, though i doubt that tapes are available from at&t-dd- at any rate, whatever restrictions the license imposes still exist-dd- these restrictions were and are reasonable for places that just want to run the system, but don't allow many of the things that minix was written for, like study of the source in classes, or by individuals not in a university or company-dd- i've always thought that minix was a fine idea, and competently done-dd- as for the size of v7, wc -l /usr/sys/*/*-dd-[chs] is 19271-dd- -- dennis ritchie, 1989 . "our vision is to speed up time, eventually eliminating it-dd-" -- alex schure . "love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips over, pinning you underneath-dd- at night, the ice weasels come-dd-" --matt groening . "i'm not afraid of dying, i just don't want to be there when it happens-dd-" -- woody allen . "the street finds its own uses for technology-dd-" -- william gibson . "i see little divinity about them or you-dd- you talk to me of christianity when you are in the act of hanging your enemies-dd- was there ever such blasphemous nonsense-xx-" -- shaw, "the devil's disciple" . "you and i as individuals can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but only for a limited period of time-dd- why should we think that collectively, as a nation, we are not bound by that same limitation-qq-" -- ronald reagan . "he did decide, though, that with more time and a great deal of mental effort, he could probably turn the activity into an acceptable perversion-dd-" -- mick farren, _when gravity fails_ . "conversion, fastidious goddess, loves blood better than brick, and feasts most subtly on the human will-dd-" -- virginia woolf, "mrs-dd- dalloway" . it's time to boot, do your boot roms know where your disk controllers are-qq- . "what the scientists have in their briefcases is terrifying-dd-" -- nikita khrushchev . "-dd--dd--dd-a most excellent barbarian -dd--dd--dd- genghis kahn-xx-" -- _bill and ted's excellent adventure_ . "pull the trigger and you're garbage-dd-" -- lady blue . "oh what wouldn't i give to be spat at in the face-dd--dd--dd-" -- a prisoner in "life of brian" . "truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy of him that brought her birth-dd-" -- milton . "if you can't debate me, then there is no way in hell you'll out-insult me-dd-" -- scott legrand (scott-dd-legrand@hogbbs-dd-fidonet-dd-org) "you may be wrong here, little one-dd-" -- r-dd- w-dd- f-dd- clark (rwc102@psuvm) . "yes, i am a real piece of work-dd- one thing we learn at ulowell is how to flame useless hacking non-ee's like you-dd- i am superior to you in every way by training and expertise in the technical field-dd- anyone can learn how to hack, but engineering doesn't come nearly as easily-dd- actually, i'm not trying to offend all you cs majors out there, but i think ee is one of the hardest majors/grad majors to pass-dd- fortunately, i am making it-dd-" -- "warrior diagnostics" (wardiag@sky-dd-com) "being both an ee and an asshole at the same time must be a terrible burden for you-dd- this isn't really a flame, just a casual observation-dd- makes me glad i was a cs major, life is really pleasant for me-dd- have fun with your chosen mode of existence-xx-" -- jim morrison (morrisj@mist-dd-cs-dd-orst-dd-edu) . "byte editors are men who seperate the wheat from the chaff, and then print the chaff-dd-" -- lionel hummel (uiucdcs-xx-hummel), derived from a quote by adlai stevenson, sr-dd- . the "fun with usenet" manifesto very little happens on usenet without some sort of response from some other reader-dd- fun with usenet postings are no exception-dd- since there are some who might question the rationale of some of the excerpts included therein, i have written up a list of guidelines that sum up the philosophy behind these postings-dd- one-dd- i never cut out words in the middle of a quote without a very good reason, and i never cut them out without including ellipses-dd- for instance, "i am not a goob" might become "i am -dd--dd--dd- a goob", but that's too mundane to bother with-dd- "i'm flame proof" might (and has) become "i'm -dd--dd--dd-a-dd--dd--dd- p-dd--dd--dd-oof" but that's really stretching it-dd- two-dd- if i cut words off the beginning or end of a quote, i don't put ellipses, but neither do i capitalize something that wasn't capitalized before the cut-dd- "i don't think that the church of ubizmo is a wonderful place" would turn into "the church of ubizmo is a wonderful place"-dd- imagine the posting as a tape-recording of the poster's thoughts-dd- if i can set up the quote via fast-forwarding and stopping the tape, and without splicing, i don't put ellipses in-dd- and by the way, i love using this mechanism for turning things around-dd- if you think something stinks, say so - don't say you don't think it's wonderful-dd- -dd--dd--dd- -- d-dd- j-dd- mccarthy (dmccart@cadape-dd-uucp) . "they that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary saftey deserve neither liberty not saftey-dd-" -- benjamin franklin, 1759 . "i am, therefore i am-dd-" -- akira . "stan and i thought that this experiment was so stupid, we decided to finance it ourselves-dd-" -- martin fleischmann, co-discoverer of room-temperature fusion (-qq-) . "i have more information in one place than anybody in the world-dd-" -- jerry pournelle, an absurd notion, apparently about the bix bbs . "it's what you learn after you know it all that counts-dd-" -- john wooden . #define bitcount(x) (((bx_(x)+(bx_(x)>>4)) & 0x0f0f0f0f) % 255) #define bx_(x) ((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777) \ - (((x)>>2)&0x33333333) \ - (((x)>>3)&0x11111111)) -- really weird c code to count the number of bits in a word . "if you can write a nation's stories, you needn't worry about who makes its laws-dd- today, television tells most of the stories to most of the people most of the time-dd-" -- george gerbner . "the reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself-dd- therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man-dd-" -- george bernard shaw . "we want to create puppets that pull their own strings-dd-" -- ann marion "would this make them marionettes-qq-" -- jeff daiell . on the subject of c program indentation: "in my egotistical opinion, most people's c programs should be indented six feet downward and covered with dirt-dd-" -- blair p-dd- houghton . there was, it appeared, a mysterious rite of initiation through which, in one way or another, almost every member of the team passed-dd- the term that the old hands used for this rite -- west invented the term, not the practice -- was `signing up-dd-' by signing up for the project you agreed to do whatever was necessary for success-dd- you agreed to forsake, if necessary, family, hobbies, and friends -- if you had any of these left (and you might not, if you had signed up too many times before)-dd- -- tracy kidder, _the soul of a new machine_ . "by the time they had diminished from 50 to 8, the other dwarves began to suspect "hungry-dd-" -- a larson cartoon . "but don't you see, the color of wine in a crystal glass can be spiritual-dd- the look in a face, the music of a violin-dd- a paris theater can be infused with the spiritual for all its solidity-dd-" -- lestat, _the vampire lestat_, anne rice . "love your country but never trust its government-dd-" -- from a hand-painted road sign in central pennsylvania . i bought the latest computer; it came fully loaded-dd- it was guaranteed for 90 days, but in 30 was outmoded-xx- - the wall street journal passed along by big red computer's scarlett . to update voltaire, "i may kill all msgs from you, but i'll fight for your right to post it, and i'll let it reside on my disks"-dd- -- doug thompson (doug@isishq-dd-fidonet-dd-org) . "though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to be maintained-dd-" -- the tao of programming . "turn on, tune up, rock out-dd-" -- billy gibbons . earth smog | bricks air -- mud -- fire soda water | tequila water . "of course power tools and alcohol don't mix-dd- everyone knows power tools aren't soluble in alcohol-dd--dd--dd-" -- crazy nigel . "life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all-dd--dd--dd--dd-" -- thomas j-dd- kopp . "there is no father christmas-dd- it's just a marketing ploy to make low income parents' lives a misery-dd-" "-dd--dd--dd- i want you to picture the trusting face of a child, streaked with tears because of what you just said-dd-" "i want you to picture the face of its mother, because one week's dole won't pay for one master of the universe battlecruiser-xx-" - filthy rich and catflap, 1986-dd- . n = ((n >> 1) & 0x55555555) | ((n << 1) & 0xaaaaaaaa); n = ((n >> 2) & 0x33333333) | ((n << 2) & 0xcccccccc); n = ((n >> 4) & 0x0f0f0f0f) | ((n << 4) & 0xf0f0f0f0); n = ((n >> 8) & 0x00ff00ff) | ((n << 8) & 0xff00ff00); n = ((n >> 16) & 0x0000ffff) | ((n << 16) & 0xffff0000); -- yet another mystical 'c' gem-dd- this one reverses the bits in a word-dd- . "all over the place, from the popular culture to the propaganda system, there is constant pressure to make people feel that they are helpless, that the only role they can have is to ratify decisions and to consume-dd-" -- noam chomsky . "a complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that worked-dd-" -- john gall, _systemantics_ . "in my opinion, richard stallman wouldn't recognise terrorism if it came up and bit him on his internet-dd-" -- ross m-dd- greenberg . i made it a rule to forbear all direct contradictions to the sentiments of others, and all positive assertion of my own-dd- i even forbade myself the use of every word or expression in the language that imported a fixed opinion, such as "certainly", "undoubtedly", etc-dd- i adopted instead of them "i conceive", "i apprehend", or "i imagine" a thing to be so or so; or "so it appears to me at present"-dd- when another asserted something that i thought an error, i denied myself the pleasure of contradicting him abruptly, and of showing him immediately some absurdity in his proposition-dd- in answering i began by observing that in certain cases or circumstances his opinion would be right, but in the present case there appeared or semed to me some difference, etc-dd- i soon found the advantage of this change in my manner; the conversations i engaged in went on more pleasantly-dd- the modest way in which i proposed my opinions procured them a readier reception and less contradiction-dd- i had less mortification when i was found to be in the wrong, and i more easily prevailed with others to give up their mistakes and join with me when i happened to be in the right-dd- -- autobiography of benjamin franklin . "if i ever get around to writing that language depompisifier, it will change almost all occurences of the word "paradigm" into "example" or "model-dd-" -- herbie blashtfalt . "life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it-dd-" -- marvin the paranoid android . contemptuous lights flashed flashed across the computer's console-dd- -- hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy . "there must be some mistake," he said, "are you not a greater computer than the milliard gargantubrain which can count all the atoms in a star in a millisecond-qq-" "the milliard gargantubrain-qq-" said deep thought with unconcealed contempt-dd- "a mere abacus-dd- mention it not-dd-" -- hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy . "but are you not," he said, "a more fiendish disputant than the great hyperlobic omni-cognate neutron wrangler of ciceronicus twelve, the magic and indefatigable-qq-" "the great hyperlobic omni-cognate neutron wrangler," said deep thought, thoroughly rolling the r's, "could talk all four legs off an arcturan mega-donkey -- but only i could persuade it to go for a walk afterward-dd-" -- hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy . if builders built buildings the way programmers write programs, jolt cola would be a fortune-500 company-dd- if builders built buildings the way programmers write programs, you'd be able to buy a nice little colonial split-level at babbages for $34-dd-95-dd- if programmers wrote programs the way builders build buildings, we'd still be using autocoder and running compile decks-dd- -- peter da silva and karl lehenbauer, a different perspective . to err is human, to moo bovine-dd- . "america is a stronger nation for the aclu's uncompromising effort-dd-" -- president john f-dd- kennedy . "the simple rights, the civil liberties from generations of struggle must not be just fine words for patriotic holidays, words we subvert on weekdays, but living, honored rules of conduct amongst us-dd--dd--dd-i'm glad the american civil liberties union gets indignant, and i hope this will always be so-dd-" -- senator adlai e-dd- stevenson . "the aclu has stood foursquare against the recurring tides of hysteria that >from time to time threaten freedoms everyhere-dd--dd--dd- indeed, it is difficult to appreciate how far our freedoms might have eroded had it not been for the union's valiant representation in the courts of the constitutional rights of people of all persuasions, no matter how unpopular or even despised by the majority they were at the time-dd-" -- former supreme court chief justice earl warren . "the strength of the constitution lies entirely in the determination of each citizen to defend it-dd- only if every single citizen feels duty bound to do his share in this defense are the constitutional rights secure-dd-" -- albert einstein . "well i don't see why i have to make one man miserable when i can make so many men happy-dd-" -- ellyn mustard, about marriage . "and it should be the law: if you use the word `paradigm' without knowing what the dictionary says it means, you go to jail-dd- no exceptions-dd-" -- david jones @ megatest corporation . "luke, i'm yer father, eh-dd- come over to the dark side, you hoser-dd-" -- dave thomas, "strange brew" . "let's not be too tough on our own ignorance-dd- it's the thing that makes america great-dd- if america weren't incomparably ignorant, how could we have tolerated the last eight years-qq-" -- frank zappa, feb 1, 1989 . "the history of every major galactic civilization tends to pass through three distinct and recognizable phases, those of survival, inquiry and sophistication, otherwise known as the how, why and where phases-dd- "for instance, the first phase is characterized by the question 'how can we eat-qq-' the second by the question 'why do we eat-qq-' and the third by the question 'where shall we have lunch-qq-'" -- hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy . "don't think; let the machine do it for you-xx-" -- e-dd- c-dd- berkeley . "it follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan which he considers defective is at fault; he must put forth his reasons, insist of the plan being changed, and finally tender his resignation rather than be the instrument of his army's downfall-dd-" -- napoleon, "military maxims and thought" . "(the chief programmer) personally defines the functional and performance specifications, designs the program, codes it, tests it, and writes its documentation-dd--dd--dd- he needs great talent, ten years experience and considerable systems and applications knowledge, whether in applied mathematics, business data handling, or whatever-dd-" -- fred p-dd- brooks, _the mythical man month_ . "it ain't over until it's over-dd-" -- casey stengel . "if anything can go wrong, it will-dd-" -- edsel murphy . "yo baby yo baby yo-dd-" -- eddie murphy . "you must learn to run your kayak by a sort of ju-jitsu-dd- you must learn to tell what the river will do to you, and given those parameters see how you can live with it-dd- you must absorb its force and convert it to your users as best you can-dd- even with the quickness and agility of a kayak, you are not faster than the river, nor stronger, and you can beat it only by understanding it-dd-" -- strung, curtis and perry, _whitewater_ . everyone who comes in here wants three things: 1-dd- they want it quick-dd- 2-dd- they want it good-dd- 3-dd- they want it cheap-dd- i tell 'em to pick two and call me back-dd- -- sign on the back wall of a small printing company in delaware . "more software projects have gone awry for lack of calendar time than for all other causes combined-dd-" -- fred brooks, jr-dd-, _the mythical man month_ . panic: kernel trap (ignored) . "nuclear war can ruin your whole compile-dd-" -- karl lehenbauer . "remember, extremism in the nondefense of moderation is not a virtue-dd-" -- peter neumann, about usenet . "we dedicated ourselves to a powerful idea -- organic law rather than naked power-dd- there seems to be universal acceptance of that idea in the nation-dd-" -- supreme court justice potter steart . "what man has done, man can aspire to do-dd-" -- jerry pournelle, about space flight . "well, it don't make the sun shine, but at least it don't deepen the shit-dd-" -- straiter empy, in _riddley_walker_ by russell hoban . "if you can, help others-dd- if you can't, at least don't hurt others-dd-" -- the dalai lama . to the systems programmer, users and applications serve only to provide a test load-dd- . "just think, with vlsi we can have 100 eniacs on a chip-xx-" -- alan perlis . "-dd--dd--dd-local prohibitions cannot block advances in military and commercial technology-dd--dd--dd- democratic movements for local restraint can only restrain the world's democracies, not the world as a whole-dd-" -- k-dd- eric drexler . "the rotter who simpers that he sees no difference between a five-dollar bill and a whip deserves to learn the difference on his own back -- as, i think, he will-dd-" -- francisco d'anconia, in ayn rand's _atlas shrugged_ . "if a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom; and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money it values more, it will lose that, too-dd-" -- w-dd- somerset maugham . "pardon me for breathing, which i never do anyway so i don't know why i bother to say it, oh god, i'm so depressed-dd- here's another of those self-satisfied doors-dd- life-xx- don't talk to me about life-dd-" -- marvin the paranoid android . one of the major difficulties trillian experienced in her relationship with zaphod was learning to distinguish between him pretending to be stupid just to get people off their guard, pretending to be stupid because he couldn't be bothered to think and wanted someone else to do it for him, pretending to be so outrageously stupid to hide the fact that he actually didn't understand hat was going on, and really being genuinely stupid-dd- he was reknowned for being quite clever and quite clearly was so -- but not all the time, which obviously worried him, hence the act-dd- he preferred people to be puzzled rather than contemptuous-dd- this above all appeared to trillian to be genuinely stupid, but she could no longer be bothered to argue about-dd- -- douglas adams, _the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy_ . far back in the mists of ancient time, in the great and glorious days of the former galactic empire, life was wild, rich and largely tax free-dd- mighty starships plied their way between exotic suns, seeking adventure and reward among the furthest reaches of galactic space-dd- in those days, spirits were brave, the stakes were high, men were real men, women were real women and small furry creatures from alpha centauri were real small furry creatures >from alpha centauri-dd- and all dared to brave unknown terrors, to do mighty deeds, to boldly split infinitives that no man had split before -- and thus was the empire forged-dd- -- douglas adams, _the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy_ . "gort, klaatu nikto barada-dd-" -- the day the earth stood still . > from mailer-daemon@think-dd-com thu mar 2 13:59:11 1989 > subject: returned mail: unknown mailer error 255 "dale, your address no longer functions-dd- can you fix it at your end-qq-" -- bill wolfe (wtwolfe@hubcap-dd-clemson-dd-edu) "bill, your brain no longer functions-dd- can you fix it at your end-qq-" -- karl a-dd- nyberg (nyberg@ajpo-dd-sei-dd-cmu-dd-edu) . "don't drop acid, take it pass-fail-xx-" -- bryan michael wendt . "i got a question for ya-dd- ya got a minute-qq-" -- two programmers passing in the hall . i took a fish head to the movies and i didn't have to pay-dd- -- fish heads, saturday night live, 1977-dd- . what hath bob wrought-qq- . "i don't know where we come from, don't know where we're going to, and if all this should have a reason, we would be the last to know-dd- so let's just hope there is a promised land, and until then, -dd--dd--dd-as best as you can-dd-" -- steppenwolf, "rock me baby" . "help mr-dd- wizard-xx-" -- tennessee tuxedo . "the lawgiver, of all beings, most owes the law allegiance-dd- he of all men should behave as though the law compelled him-dd- but it is the universal weakness of mankind that what we are given to administer we presently imagine we own-dd-" -- h-dd-g-dd- wells . "unlike most net-dd-puritans, however, i feel that what other consenting computers do in the privacy of their own phone connections is their own business-dd-" -- john woods, jfw@eddie-dd-mit-dd-edu . "don't talk to me about disclaimers-xx- i invented disclaimers-xx-" -- the censored hacker . 'on this point we want to be perfectly clear: socialism has nothing to do with equalizing-dd- socialism cannot ensure conditions of life and consumption in accordance with the principle "from each according to his ability, to each according to his needs-dd-" this will be under communism-dd- socialism has a different criterion for distributing social benefits: "from each according to his ability, to each according to his work-dd-"' -- mikhail gorbachev, _perestroika_ . "cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor tv reception-dd-" -- the mayor of tucson, arizona, 1989 [apparently, good tv reception is a basic necessity -- at least in tucson -kl] . "all the system's paths must be topologically and circularly interrelated for conceptually definitive, locally transformable, polyhedronal understanding to be attained in our spontaneous -- ergo, most economical -- geodesiccally structured thoughts-dd-" -- r-dd- buckminster fuller [-dd--dd--dd-and a total nonsequitir as far as i can tell-dd- -kl] . "one thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that sometimes you must work under adverse conditions-dd--dd--dd- like a state of sheer terror-dd-" -- w-dd- k-dd- hartmann . "it's when they say 2 + 2 = 5 that i begin to argue-dd-" -- eric pepke . comparing information and knowledge is like asking whether the fatness of a pig is more or less green than the designated hitter rule-dd-" -- david guaspari . "none of our men are "experts-dd-" we have most unfortunately found it necessary to get rid of a man as soon as he thinks himself an expert -- because no one ever considers himself expert if he really knows his job-dd- a man who knows a job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient he is-dd- thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a state of mind in which nothing is impossible-dd- the moment one gets into the "expert" state of mind a great number of things become impossible-dd-" -- from henry ford sr-dd-, "my life and work," p-dd- 86 (1922): . "the ny times is read by the people who run the country-dd- the washington post is read by the people who think they run the country-dd- the national enquirer is read by the people who think elvis is alive and running the country-dd--dd--dd-" -- robert j woodhead (trebor@biar-dd-uucp) . "-dd--dd--dd-'fire' does not matter, 'earth' and 'air' and 'water' do not matter-dd- 'i' do not matter-dd- no word matters-dd- but man forgets reality and remembers words-dd- the more words he remembers, the cleverer do his fellows esteem him-dd- he looks upon the great transformations of the world, but he does not see them as they were seen when man looked upon reality for the first time-dd- their names come to his lips and he smiles as he tastes them, thinking he knows them in the naming-dd-" -- siddartha, _lord_of_light_ by roger zelazny . "irrigation of the land with sewater desalinated by fusion power is ancient-dd- it's called 'rain'-dd-" -- michael mcclary, in alt-dd-fusion . "the bad reputation unix has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by people who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried anything-dd-" -- jim joyce, former computer science lecturer at the university of california . "we scientists, whose tragic destiny it has been to make the methods of annihilation ever more gruesome and more effective, must consider it our solemn and transcendent duty to do all in our power in preventing these weapons from being used for the brutal purpose for which they were invented-dd-" -- albert einstein, bulletin of atomic scientists, september 1948 . "you can have my unix system when you pry it from my cold, dead fingers-dd-" -- cal keegan . a closed mouth gathers no feet-dd- . a journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance-dd- . a king's castle is his home-dd- . a penny saved is ridiculous-dd- . all that glitters has a high refractive index-dd- . ambition a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy-dd- . anarchy is better that no government at all-dd- . any small object when dropped will hide under a larger object-dd- . as you read the scroll, it vanishes-dd--dd--dd- . automobile - a mechanical device that runs up hills and down people-dd- . be moderate where pleasure is concerned, avoid fatigue-dd- . of the choice of two evils, i pick the one i've never tried before-dd- . brain -- the apparatus with which we think that we think-dd- . batch - a group, kinda like a herd-dd- . computer hackers do it all night long-dd- . computer modelers simulate it first-dd- . computer programmers don't byte, they nybble a bit-dd- . computer programmers know how to use their hardware-dd- . computers are not intelligent-dd- they only think they are-dd- . courage is your greatest present need-dd- . clearasol - effective sunspot remover-dd- . death is life's way of telling you you've been fired-dd- . death is nature's way of saying 'slow down'-dd- . do something unusual today-dd- accomplish work on the computer-dd- . documentation is like sex: when it's good, it's fantastic, when it's bad-dd--dd--dd- . don't force it, get a larger hammer-dd- . don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon-dd- . drive defensively -- buy a tank-dd- . earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail friends-dd- . entropy isn't what it used to be-dd- . fairy tales: horror stories for children to get them use to reality-dd- . familiarity breeds children-dd- . god didn't create the world in 7 days-dd- he pulled an all-nighter on the 6th-dd- . going the speed of light is bad for your age-dd- . gay abandon - homosexual repellent perfume-dd- . he who hesitates is sometimes saved-dd- . health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die-dd- . help support helpless victims of computer error-dd- . herblock's law: if it is good, they will stop making it-dd- . history does not repeat itself, -- historians merely repeat each other-dd- . i'm defending her honor, which is more than she ever did-dd- . if you don't change your direction, you may end up where you were headed-dd- . if you're not part of the solution, be part of the problem-xx- . in the field of observation, chance favors only the prepared minds-dd- . it is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education-dd- albert einstein . it works better if you plug it in-dd- . it's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere-dd- . jury -- twelve people who determine which client has the better lawyer-dd- . kodaclone - duplicating film-dd- . let not the sands of time get in your lunch-dd- . life is what happens to you while you are planning to do something else-dd- . life's a bitch, then you die-dd- . lynch's law: when the going gets tough, everyone leaves-dd- . mediocrity thrives on standardization-dd- . mop and glow - floor wax used by three mile island cleanup team-dd- . never lick a gift horse in the mouth-dd- . old macdonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement-dd- . quoting one is plagiarism-dd- quoting many is research-dd- . quarkbar - the candy with flavour and charm-dd- . quasimoto - 4 wheeled hard-top moped made in france-dd- . reality's the only obstacle to happiness-dd- . screw up your life, you've screwed everything else up-dd- . silver's law: if murphy's law can go wrong it will-dd- . some grow with responsibility, others just swell-dd- . sqwerty - computer keyboard sized down for use by children-dd- . system going down at 4:45 this afternoon for disk crashing-dd- . the attention span of a computer is as long as its electrical cord-dd- . the only difference between a rut and a grave is the depth-dd- . the only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it-dd- . the road to to success is always under construction-dd- . those who can't write, write help files-dd- . to be, or not to be, those are the parameters-dd- . to err is human, to really foul things up requires a computer-dd- . today is the last day of your life so far-dd- . trapezoid - a device for catching zoids-dd- . wasting time is an important part of life-dd- . when all else fails, read the instructions-dd- . when in doubt, don't bother-dd- . xerox does it again and again and again and-dd--dd--dd- . xmodem - a spot-marking transfer protocol-dd- . yterm - a terminal program for queries-dd- . when in doubt, ignore it-dd- . i'd insult you, but you're not bright enough to notice-dd- . don't worry about what anybody else is going to do-dd- the best way to predict the future is to invent it-dd- -- alan kay . premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most of it) in programming-dd- -- donald knuth . lisp has jokingly been called "the most intelligent way to misuse a computer"-dd- i think that description is a great compliment because it transmits the full flavor of liberation: it has assisted a number of our most gifted fellow humans in thinking previously impossible thoughts-dd- -- edsger dijkstra, cacm, 15:10 . keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions-dd- small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great-dd- -- mark twain . what paul does, and does very well, is to take ideas and concepts that are beautiful in the abstract, and brings them down to a real world level-dd- that's a rare talent to find in writing these days-dd- -- jeff "hemos" bates, director, osdn; co-evolver, slashdot . since programmers create programs out of nothing, imagination is our only limitation-dd- thus, in the world of programming, the hero is the one who has great vision-dd- paul graham is one of our contemporary heroes-dd- he has the ability to embrace the vision, and to express it plainly-dd- his works are my favorites, especially the ones describing language design-dd- he explains secrets of programming, languages, and human nature that can only be learned from the hacker experience-dd- this book shows you his great vision, and tells you the truth about the nature of hacking-dd- -- yukihiro "matz" matsumoto, creator of ruby . to follow the path: look to the master, follow the master, walk with the master, see through the master, become the master-dd- -- modern zen poem . no problem should ever have to be solved twice-dd- -- eric s-dd- raymond, how to become a hacker . attitude is no substitute for competence-dd- -- eric s-dd- raymond, how to become a hacker . it is said that the real winner is the one who lives in today but able to see tomorrow-dd- -- juan meng, reviewing "the future of ideas" by lawrence lessig . fools ignore complexity-dd- pragmatists suffer it-dd- some can avoid it-dd- geniuses remove it-dd- -- alan j-dd- perlis (epigrams in programming) . a year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in god-dd- -- alan j-dd- perlis (epigrams in programming) . dealing with failure is easy: work hard to improve-dd- success is also easy to handle: you've solved the wrong problem-dd- work hard to improve-dd- -- alan j-dd- perlis (epigrams in programmi ng) . within a computer natural language is unnatural-dd- -- alan j-dd- perlis (epigrams in programming) . you think you know when you learn, are more sure when you can write, even more when you can teach, but certain when you can program-dd- -- alan j-dd- perlis (epigrams in programming) . adapting old programs to fit new machines usually means adapting new machines to behave like old ones-dd- -- alan j-dd- perlis (epigrams in programming) . a little learning is a dangerous thing-dd- -- alexander pope . computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter-dd- -- eric raymond . einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because god is not capricious or arbitrary-dd- -- frederick p-dd- brooks, no sliver bullet-dd- . students should be evaluated on how well they can achieve the goals they strived to achieve within a realistic context-dd- students need to learn to do things, not know things-dd- -- roger schank, engines for education . we remember what we learn when we care about performing better and when we believe that what we have been asked to do is representative of reality-dd- -- roger schank, engines for education . there really is no learning without doing-dd- -- roger schank, engines for education . we really have to get over the idea that some stuff is just worth knowing even if you never do anything with it-dd- human memories happily erase stuff that has no purpose, so why try to fill up children's heads with such stuff-qq- -- roger schank, engines for education . la tactique, c'est ce que vous faites quand il y a quelque chose  faire; la stratgie, c'est ce que vous faites quand il n'y a rien  faire-dd- -- xavier tartacover . the only problems we can really solve in a satisfactory manner are those that finally admit a nicely factored solution-dd- -- e-dd- w-dd- dijkstra, the humble programmer . the best way to learn to live with our limitations is to know them-dd- --e-dd- w-dd- dijkstra, the humble programmer . this challenge, viz-dd- the confrontation with the programming task, is so unique that this novel experience can teach us a lot about ourselves-dd- it should deepen our understanding of the processes of design and creation, it should give us better control over the task of organizing our thoughts-dd- if it did not do so, to my taste we should no deserve the computer at all-xx- it has allready taught us a few lessons, and the one i have chosen to stress in this talk is the following-dd- we shall do a much better programming job, provided that we approach the task with a full appreciation of its tremenduous difficulty, provided that we stick to modest and elegant programming languages, provided that we respect the intrinsec limitations of the human mind and approach the task as very humble programmers-dd- -- e-dd- w-dd- dijkstra, the humble programmer . ce n'est que par les relations qu'on entretient entre nos diffrentes connaissances qu'elles nous restent accessibles-dd- -- shnuup, sur l'hypertexte (selfhtml -> introduction -> definitions sur l'hypertexte) . we now come to the decisive step of mathematical abstraction: we forget about what the symbols stand for-dd- -dd--dd--dd-[the mathematician] need not be idle; there are many operations which he may carry out with these symbols, without ever having to look at the things they stand for-dd- -- hermann weyl, the mathematical way of thinking . an expert is, according to my working definition "someone who doesn't need to look up answers to easy questions"-dd- -- eric lippert-dd- . the programmer must seek both perfection of part and adequacy of collection-dd- -- alan j-dd- perlis . thus, programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute-dd- -- alan j-dd- perlis . we control complexity by building abstractions that hide details when appropriate-dd- we control complexity by establishing conventional interfaces that enable us to construct systems by combining standard, well-understood pieces in a ``mix and match'' way-dd- we control complexity by establishing new languages for describing a design, each of which emphasizes particular aspects of the design and deemphasizes others-dd- -- alan j-dd- perlis . the acts of the mind, wherein it exerts its power over simple ideas, are chiefly these three: 1-dd- combining several simple ideas into one compound one, and thus all complex ideas are made-dd- 2-dd- the second is bringing two ideas, whether simple or complex, together, and setting them by one another so as to take a view of them at once, without uniting them into one, by which it gets all its ideas of relations-dd- 3-dd- the third is separating them from all other ideas that accompany them in their real existence: this is called abstraction, and thus all its general ideas are made-dd- -- john locke, an essay concerning human understanding (1690) . lisp programmers know the value of everything but the cost of nothing-dd- -- alan j-dd- perlis . an interpreter raises the machine to the level of the user program; a compiler lowers the user program to the level of the machine language-dd- -- sicp . everything should be made as simple as possible, but no simpler-dd- -- albert einstein . the great dividing line between success and failure can be expressed in five words: "i did not have time-dd-" -- westhost weekly newsletter 14 feb 2003 . when your enemy is making a very serious mistake, don't be impolite and disturb him-dd- -- napoleon bonaparte (allegedly) . a charlatan makes obscure what is clear; a thinker makes clear what is obscure-dd- -- hugh kingsmill . there are two ways of constructing a software design; one way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies-dd- the first method is far more difficult-dd- -- c-dd- a-dd- r-dd- hoare . and if you go too far up, abstraction-wise, you run out of oxygen-dd- sometimes smart thinkers just don't know when to stop, and they create these absurd, all-encompassing, high-level pictures of the universe that are all good and fine, but don't actually mean anything at all-dd- -- joel spolsky . the three chief virtues of a programmer are: laziness, impatience and hubris-dd- -- larry wall (programming perl) . all non-trivial abstractions, to some degree, are leaky-dd- -- joel spolsky (the law of leaky abstractions) . xml wasn't designed to be edited by humans on a regular basis-dd- -- guido van rossum . premature abstraction is an equally grevious sin as premature optimization-dd- -- keith devens . you can have premature generalization as well as premature optimization-dd- -- bjarne stroustrup . he causes his sun to rise on the evil and the good, and sends rain on the righteous and the unrighteous-dd- -- matthew 5:45 . a language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming, is not worth knowing-dd- -- alan perlis . je n'ai fait celle-ci plus longue que parce que je n'ai pas eu le loisir de la faire plus courte-dd- (i have made this letter so long only because i did not have the leisure to make it shorter-dd-) -- blaise pascal (lettres provinciales) . men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction-dd- -- blaise pascal (attributed) . everybody makes their own fun-dd- if you don't make it yourself, it ain't fun -- it's entertainment-dd- -- david mamet (as relayed by joss whedon) . if we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as *lines produced* but as *lines spent*-dd- -- edsger dijkstra . sometimes a man with too broad a perspective reveals himself as having no real perspective at all-dd- a man who tries too hard to see every side may be a man who is trying to avoid choosing any side-dd- a man who tries too hard to seek a deeper truth may be trying to hide from the truth he already knows-dd- that is not a sign of intellectual sophistication and "great thinking"-dd- it is a demonstration of moral degeneracy and cowardice-dd- -- steven den beste . omit needless words-dd- -- william strunk, jr-dd- (the elements of style) . i have never met a man so ignorant that i couldn't learn something from him-dd- -- galileo galilei . a society that puts equality -- in the sense of equality of outcome -- ahead of freedom will end up with neither equality nor freedom-dd- the use of force to achieve equality will destroy freedom, and the force, introduced for good purposes, will end up in the hands of people who use it to promote their own interests-dd- -- milton friedman (thomas sowell: a conflict of visions, p130) . philosophy: the finding of bad reasons for what one believes by instinct-dd- -- brave new world (paraphrased) . of all tyrannies a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive-dd- it may be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies, the robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for own good will torment us without end, for they do so with the approval of their own conscience-dd- -- c-dd-s-dd- lewis . fools-xx- don't they know that tears are a woman's most effective weapon-qq- -- catwoman (the batman tv series, episode 83) . it's like a condom; i'd rather have it and not need it than need it and not have it-dd- -- some chick in alien vs-dd- predator, when asked why she always carries a gun . c++ is history repeated as tragedy-dd- java is history repeated as farce-dd- -- scott mckay . simplicity takes effort-- genius, even-dd- -- paul graham . show, don't tell-dd- -- unknown . in god i trust; i will not be afraid-dd- what can mortal man do to me-qq- -- david (psalm 56:4) . linux is only free if your time has no value-dd- -- jamie zawinski . code is poetry-dd- -- wordpress-dd-org . if you choose not to decide, you still have made a choice-dd- -- rush (freewill) . civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking about them-dd- -- alfred north whitehead (introduction to mathematics) . the function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil-dd- -- cicero . the reason to do animation is caricature-dd- good caricature picks out the essense of the statement and removes everything else-dd- it's not simply about reproducing reality; it's about bumping it up-dd- -- brad bird, writer and director, the incredibles . mistakes were made-dd- -- ronald reagan . i would rather be an optimist and be wrong than a pessimist who proves to be right-dd- the former sometimes wins, but never the latter-dd- -- "hoots" . what is truth-qq- -- pontius pilate . life moves pretty fast-dd- if you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it-dd- -- ferris bueller . lisp is worth learning for the profound enlightenment experience you will have when you finally get it; that experience will make you a better programmer for the rest of your days, even if you never actually use lisp itself a lot-dd- -- eric s-dd- raymond . any sufficiently complicated c or fortran program contains an ad hoc, informally specified, bug-ridden, slow implementation of half of common lisp-dd- -- philip greenspun (greenspun's tenth rule) . i was talking recently to a friend who teaches at mit-dd- his field is hot now and every year he is inundated by applications from would-be graduate students-dd- "a lot of them seem smart," he said-dd- "what i can't tell is whether they have any kind of taste-dd-" -- paul graham . the direct pursuit of happiness is a recipe for an unhappy life-dd- -- donald campbell . it's no trick for talented people to be interesting, but it's a gift to be interested-dd- we want an organization filled with interested people-dd- -- randy s-dd- nelson (dean of pixar university) . why teach drawing to accountants-qq- because drawing class doesn't just teach people to draw-dd- it teaches them to be more observant-dd- there's no company on earth that wouldn't benefit from having people become more observant-dd- -- randy s-dd- nelson (dean of pixar university) . all problems in computer science can be solved by another level of indirection-dd- -- butler lampson . a designer knows he has arrived at perfection not when there is no longuer anything to add, but when there is no longuer anything to take away-dd- -- antoine de st exupery-dd- . for the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them-dd- -- aristotle-dd- . there are many ways to avoid success in life, but the most sure-fire just might be procrastination-dd- -- hara estroff marano-dd- . pi seconds is a nanocentury-dd- -- [fact] . a non negative binary integer value x is a power of 2 iff (x & (x-1)) is 0 using 2's complement arithmetic-dd- -- [fact] . while i've always appreciated beautiful code, i share jonathan's concern about studying it too much-dd- i think studying beauty in music and painting has led us to modern classical music and painting that the majority of us just don't get-dd- beauty can be seen when it emerges, but isn't something to strive for in isolation of a larger context-dd- in the software world, the larger context would be the utility of the software to the end user-dd- -- [a comment on a blog] . dont give users the opportunity to lock themselves-dd- -- unknown . any fool can make the simple complex, only a smart person can make the complex simple-dd- -- unknown . to do something well you have to love it-dd- so to the extent you can preserve hacking as something you love, you're likely to do it well-dd- try to keep the sense of wonder you had about programming at age 14-dd- if you're worried that your current job is rotting your brain, it probably is-dd- -- paul graham-dd- . - if you give him a penny for his thoughts, you'd get change-dd- - not the sharpest knife in the drawer-dd- - a prime candidate for natural deselection-dd- -- [ideas for flamewars] . what i didn't understand was that the value of some new acquisition wasn't the difference between its retail price and what i paid for it-dd- it was the value i derived from it-dd- stuff is an extremely illiquid asset-dd- unless you have some plan for selling that valuable thing you got so cheaply, what difference does it make what it's "worth-qq-" the only way you're ever going to extract any value from it is to use it-dd- and if you don't have any immediate use for it, you probably never will-dd- -- paul graham . only bad designers blame their failings on the users-dd- -- unknown . humans aren't rational -- they rationalize-dd- and i don't just mean "some of them" or "other people"-dd- i'm talking about everyone-dd- we have a "logic engine" in our brains, but for the most part, it's not the one in the driver's seat -- instead it operates after the fact, generating rationalizations and excuses for our behavior-dd- -- paul buchheit . what do americans look for in a car-qq- i've heard many answers when i've asked this question-dd- the answers include excellent safety ratings, great gas mileage, handling, and cornering ability, among others-dd- i don't believe any of these-dd- that's because the first principle of the culture code is that the only effective way to understand what people truly mean is to ignore what they say-dd- this is not to suggest that people intentionally lie or misrepresent themselves-dd- what it means is that, when asked direct questions about their interests and preferences, people tend to give answers they believe the questioner wants to hear-dd- again, this is not because they intend to mislead-dd- it is because people respond to these questions with their cortexes, the parts of their brains that control intelligence rather than emotion or instinct-dd- they ponder a question, they process a question, and when they deliver an answer, it is the product of deliberation-dd- they believe they are telling the truth-dd- a lie detector would confirm this-dd- in most cases, however, they aren't saying what they mean-dd- -- the culture code-dd- . when all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail-dd- -- unknown . good coders code, great reuse-dd- -- http://www-dd-catonmat-dd-net . the lesson of the story might appear to be that self-interested and ambitious people in power are often the cause of wastefulness in developing countries-dd- but self-interested and ambitious people are in positions of power, great and small, all over the world-dd- in many places, they are restrained by the law, the press, and democratic opposition-dd- cameroon's tragedy is that there is nothing to hold self-interest in check-dd- -- tim harford . to solve your problems you must learn new skills, adapt new thought patterns, and become a different person than you were before that problem-dd- god has crafted you for success-dd- in the middle of every adversity lie your best opportunities-dd- discover it, build upon it and move forward in your journey to live an extraordinary life-dd- you owe it to yourself to live a great life-dd- don't let negative thoughts pull you down-dd- be grateful and open to learn and grow-dd- -- http://secretsofstudying-dd-com/ . if there is a will, there is a way-dd- -- unknown . having large case statements in an object-oriented language is a sure sign your design is flawed-dd- -- [fixing architecture flaws in rails' orm] . being a programmer is the same way-dd- the only way to be a good programmer is to write code-dd- when you realize you haven't been writing much code lately, and it seems like all you do is brag about code you wrote in the past, and people start looking at you funny while you're shooting your mouth off, realize it's because they know-dd- they might not even know they know, but they know-dd- so, yes, doing what you love brings success, and by all means, throw yourself a nice big party, buy yourself a nice car, soak up the adulation of an adoring crowd-dd- then shut the fuck up and get back to work-dd- -- sincerity theory . another feature about this guy is his low threshold of boredom-dd- he'll pick up on a task and work frantically at it, accomplishing wonders in a short time and then get bored and drop it before its properly finished-dd- he'll do nothing but strum his guitar and lie around in bed for several days after-dd- thats also part of the pattern too; periods of frenetic activity followed by periods of melancholia, withdrawal and inactivity-dd- this is a bipolar personality-dd- -- the bipolar lisp programmer . my dream is that people adopt it on its own merits-dd- we're not trying to bend ruby on rails to fit the enterprise, we're encouraging enterprises to bend to ruby on rails-dd- come if you like it, stay away if you don't-dd- we're not going head over heels to accommodate the enterprise or to lure them away from java-dd- that's how you end up with java, if you start bending to special interest groups-dd- -- david heinemeier hansson (ruby on rails' creator) . new eyes have x-ray vision-dd- [someone that hasn't written it is more likely to spot the bug-dd- "someone" can be you after a break] -- william s-dd- annis . so - what are the most important problems in software engineering-qq- i'd answer “dealing with complexity-dd- -- mark chu-carroll . so the mere constraint of staying in regular contact with us will push you to make things happen, because otherwise you'll be embarrassed to tell us that you haven't done anything new since the last time we talked-dd- -- paul graham (a talk at y combinator, for startup creators)-dd- . the choice of the university is mostly important for the piece of paper you get at the end-dd- the education you get depends on you-dd- -- andreas zwinkau . remember that you are humans in the first place and only after that programmers-dd- -- alexandru vancea . humans differ from animals to the degree that they are not merely an end result of their conditioning, but are able to reflect on their experiences and strategies, and apply insight to make changes in the way they live to modify the outcome-dd- -- slidetrombone (comment on "programming can ruin your life") . as builders and creators finding the perfect solution should not be our main goal-dd- we should find the perfect problem-dd- -- isaac (blog comment) . just like carpentry, measure twice cut once-dd- -- super-sizing youtube with python (mike solomon, mike@youtube-dd-com) . the good thing about reinventing the wheel is that you get a round one-dd- -- douglas crockford (author of json and jslint) . i feel it is everybodies obligation to reach for the best in themselves and use that for the interest of mankind-dd- -- corneluis (comment on 'are you going to change the world-qq- (really-qq-)') . abstraction is a form of data compression: absolutely necessary, because human short-term memory is so small, but the critically important aspect of abstraction is the algorithm that gets you from the name back to the "uncompressed" details-dd- -- bruce wilder (blog post comment) . have you ever noticed that when you sit down to write something, half the ideas that end up in it are ones you thought of while writing it-qq- the same thing happens with software-dd- working to implement one idea gives you more ideas-dd- -- paul graham, the other road ahead-dd- . in general, we can think of data as defined by some collection of selectors and constructors, together with specified conditions that these procedures must fulfill in order to be a valid representation-dd- -- sicp, what is meant by data-qq- . resume writing is just like dating, or applying for a bank loan, in that nobody wants you if you're desperate-dd- -- steve yegge-dd- . mastering isn't a survival instinct; it's an urge to excel-dd- mastering is one of the experiences that delineates us from animals-dd- it is striving to be more tomorrow than we are today; to perfectly pitch the ball over home plate; to craft the perfect sentence in an article; to open the oven and feel the warm, richly-scented cloud telling you dinner is going to be absolutely extraordinary-dd- we humans crave perfection, to be masters of our domain, to distinguish ourselves by sheer skill and prowess-dd- -- joesgoals-dd-com . it(mastering)'s knowing what you are doing-dd- -- joesgoals-dd-com . well then-dd- how could you possibly live without automated refactoring tools-qq- how else could you coordinate the caterpillar-like motions of all java's identical tiny legs, its thousands of similar parts-qq- i'll tell you how: ruby is a butterfly-dd- -- stevey, refactoring trilogy, part 1-dd- . you will never become a great programmer until you acknowledge that you will always be a terrible programmer-dd- you will remain a great programmer for only as long as you acknowledge that you are still a terrible programmer-dd- -- marc (http://kickin-the-darkness-dd-blogspot-dd-com/) . if i tell you i'm good, you would probably think i'm boasting-dd- if i tell you i'm no good, you know i'm lying-dd- -- bruce lee . let me try to get this straight: lisp is a language for describing algorithms-dd- this was johnmccarthy's original purpose, anyway: to build something more convenient than a turing machine-dd- lisp is not about file, socket or gui programming - lisp is about expressive power-dd- (for example, you can design multiple object systems for lisp, in lisp-dd- or implement the now-fashionable aop-dd- or do arbitrary transformations on parsed source code-dd-) if you don't value expressive power, lisp ain't for you-dd- i, personally, would prefer lisp to not become mainstream: this would necessarily involve a dumbing down-dd- -- vladimirslepnev . je ne vous impose aucune contrainte, aucune limite-dd- surprenez-moi, tonnez-moi, dfiez-moi, dfiez-vous vous-mme-dd- vous avez le choix: vous pouvez rester dans l'ombre ou en sortir en tant parmis les trop rares exceptions  avoir russi-dd- l'heure est venue d'aller bien au del de votre potentiel-dd- l'heure est venue maintenant de descendre vraiment en vous-dd- l'heure est venue de dmontrer pourquoi vous tes l'lite, les quelques lus, les rares lueurs qui offrent  cette compagnie son caractre exceptionnel, sa luminescence-dd- -- le pdg de nurv, dans "anti-trust"-dd- . if something isn't working, you need to look back and figure out what got you excited in the first place-dd- -- david gorman (imthere-dd-com) . opportunities that present themselves to you are the consequence -- at least partially -- of being in the right place at the right time-dd- they tend to present themselves when you're not expecting it -- and often when you are engaged in other activities that would seem to preclude you from pursuing them-dd- and they come and go quickly -- if you don't jump all over an opportunity, someone else generally will and it will vanish-dd- -- marc andreessen (http://blog-dd-pmarca-dd-com/) . pay attention to opportunity cost at all times-dd- doing one thing means not doing other things-dd- this is a form of risk that is very easy to ignore, to your detriment-dd- -- marc andreessen (http://blog-dd-pmarca-dd-com/) . seize any opportunity, or anything that looks like opportunity-dd- they are rare, much rarer than you think-dd--dd--dd- -- nassim nicholas taleb, "the black swan"-dd- . i think that a lot of programmers are ignoring an important point when people talk about reducing code repetition on large projects-dd- part of the idea is that large projects are intrinsically *wrong*-dd- that you should be looking at making a number of smaller projects that are composable, even if you never end up reusing one of those smaller projects elsewhere-dd- -- dan nugent . we tend to seek easy, single-factor explanations of success-dd- for most important things, though, success actually requires avoiding many separate causes of failure-dd- -- jared diamond . things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least-dd- -- johann wolfgang von goethe (1749-1832) . i think the root of your mistake is saying that macros don't scale to larger groups-dd- the real truth is that macros don't scale to stupider groups-dd- -- paul graham, on the lightweight languages mailing list-dd- . argue with idiots, and you become an idiot-dd- if you compete with slaves you become a slave-dd- -- paul graham and norbert weiner, respectively . always dive down into a problem and get your hands on the deepest issue behind the problem-dd- all other considerations are to dismissed as "engineering details"; they can be sorted out after the basic problem has been solved-dd- -- chris crawford . don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them-dd- -- alan perlis . it is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt axe-dd- it is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead-dd- -- edsger dijkstra . if we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as lines produced but as lines spent-dd- -- edsger dijkstra . the most damaging phrase in the language is, it's always been done that way-dd- -- rear admiral grace hopper . getting back to failing early, i've learned it's important to completely fail-dd- get fired-dd- shoot the project, then burn its corpse-dd- melt the cvs repository and microwave the backup cds-dd- when things go wrong, i've often tried to play the hero from start to finish-dd- guess what-qq- some projects are doomed no matter what-dd- some need skills i don't possess-dd- and some need a fresh face-dd- -- reginald braithwaite . the only thing a man should ever be 100% convinced of is his own ignorance-dd- -- dj maclean . the best people and organizations have the attitude of wisdom: the courage to act on what they know right now and the humility to change course when they find better evidence-dd- the quest for management magic and breakthrough ideas is overrated; being a master of the obvious is underrated-dd- jim maloney is right: work is an overrated activity -- bob sutton . in theory, there's no difference between theory and practice-dd- but in practice, there is-dd- -- albert einstein . act from reason, and failure makes you rethink and study harder-dd- act from faith, and failure makes you blame someone and push harder-dd- -- erik naggum . measure everything you can about the product, and you'll start seeing patterns-dd- -- max levchin, paypal founder, talk at startupschool2007 . something confusing about "hard": it's tempting to think that if it's hard, then it's valuable-dd- most valuable things are hard-dd- most hard things are completely useless -- (picture of someone smashing their head through concrete blocks kung-fu style)-dd- hard does not equate to being valuable-dd- remember friendster back in the day-qq- you'd sign in, invite friends, have 25 friends, go to their profile, and then it'd show how you were connected to each one-dd- that's an impressive [some geeky cs jargon] cone traversal of a tree - 100 million string comparisons per page -- it won't scale-dd- used to take a minute per page to load, and friendster died a painful death-dd- myspace -- not interested in solving problems they use the shortcut of "miss fitzpatrick is in your extended network" (i-dd-e-dd- even when you're not even signed up for myspace) they didn't solve the hard problem-dd- but they make the more relevant assumption that you want to be connected to hot women-dd- [lol] shows alexa graph showing that in early 2005 myspace took off, and quickly bypassed friendster and never looked back-dd- -- max levchin, paypal founder, talk at startupschool2007 . quality of the people is better than the quality of the business idea-dd- crappy people can screw up the best idea in the world-dd- -- hadi partovi & ali partovi (ilike-dd-com), talk at startupschool2007 . the only constant in the world of hi-tech is change-dd- -- mark ward . write it properly first-dd- it's easier to make a correct program fast, than to make a fast program correct-dd- -- http://www-dd-cpax-dd-org-dd-uk/prg/ . j'ai toujours prfr la folie des passions  la sagesse de l'indiffrence-dd- -- anatole france . you can't get to version 500 if you don't start with a version 1-dd- -- betterexplained-dd-com . the wonderful and frustrating thing about understanding yourself is that nobody can do it for you-dd- -- betterexplained-dd-com . when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth-dd- -- sherlock holmes . in order to understand what another person is saying, you must assume that it is true and try to find out what it could be true of-dd- -- george miller . a journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step-dd- -- laotzu . c's great for what it's great for-dd- -- ben hoyts (micropledge) . there is one meaning [for static in c]: a global variable that is invisible outside the current scope, be it a function or a file-dd- -- paolo bonzini . processors don't get better so that they can have more free time-dd- processors get better so _you_ can have more free time-dd- -- lecamarade (freeshells-dd-ch) . the venerable master qc na was walking with his student, anton-dd- hoping to prompt the master into a discussion, anton said "master, i have heard that objects are a very good thing - is this true-qq-" qc na looked pityingly at his student and replied, "foolish pupil - objects are merely a poor man's closures-dd-" chastised, anton took his leave from his master and returned to his cell, intent on studying closures-dd- he carefully read the entire "lambda: the ultimate-dd--dd--dd-" series of papers and its cousins, and implemented a small scheme interpreter with a closure-based object system-dd- he learned much, and looked forward to informing his master of his progress-dd- on his next walk with qc na, anton attempted to impress his master by saying "master, i have diligently studied the matter, and now understand that objects are truly a poor man's closures-dd-" qc na responded by hitting anton with his stick, saying "when will you learn-qq- closures are a poor man's object-dd-" at that moment, anton became enlightened-dd- -- anton van straaten (na = norman adams, qa = christian queinnec) . understanding why c++ is the way it is helps a programmer use it well-dd- a deep understanding of a tool is essential for an expert craftsman-dd- -- bjarne stroustrap . no art, however minor, demands less than total dedication if you want to excel in it-dd- -- alberti . the minute you put the blame on someone else you've switch things from being a problem you can control to a problem outside of your control-dd- -- engtech (internetducttape-dd-com) . state is the root of all evil-dd- in particular functions with side effects should be avoided-dd- -- oo sucks (bluetail-dd-com) . ils ne sont pas forts parce qu'ils sont forts-dd- ils sont forts parce que nous sommes faibles-dd- -- ragala khalid . it is better to be quiet and thought a fool than to open your mouth and remove all doubt-dd- -- wikihow . a tail call allows a function to return the result of another function without leaving an entry on the stack-dd- tail recursion is a specific case of tail calling-dd- -- aspn : python cookbook : explicit tail call . simplicity means the achievement of maximum effect with minimum means-dd- -- dr-dd- koichi kawana . normality is the route to nowhere-dd- -- ridderstrale & nordstorm, funky business . the problem is that microsoft just has no taste-dd- and i don't mean that in a small way, i mean that in a big way-dd- -- steve jobs . do you want to sell sugared water all your life or do you want to change the world-qq- -- steve jobs, to john sculley (former pepsi executive) . 1 - creativity and innovation always build on the past-dd- 2 - the past always tries to control the creativity that builds on it-dd- 3 - free societies enable the future by limiting the past-dd- 4 - ours is less and less a free society-dd- -- lawrence lessig, free culture-dd- . good work is no done by ‘humble' men-dd- -- h-dd- hardy, a mathematician's apology-dd- . simplicity and pragmatism beat complexity and theory any day-dd- -- dennis (blog comment) . the proof is by reductio ad absurdum, and reductio ad absurdum, which euclid loved so much, is one of a mathematician's finest weapons-dd- it is a far finer gambit than any chess gambit: a chess player may offer the sacrifice of a pawn or even a piece, but a mathematician offers the game-dd- -- g-dd- h-dd- hardy . remember, always be yourself -dd--dd--dd- unless you suck-xx- -- joss whedon . all great things require great dedication-dd- -- chuck norris(-qq-) . i'm always happy to trade performance for readability as long as the former isn't already scarce-dd- -- crayz (commentor on blog-dd-raganwald-dd-com) . you have to write for your audience-dd- i would never write (1-dd--dd-5)-dd-map &'*2' in java when i could write listfactoryfactory-dd-getlistfactoryfromresource( new resourcename('com-dd-javax-dd-magnitudes-dd-integers')-dd- setlowerbound(1)-dd-setupperbound(5)-dd-setstep(1)-dd-applyfunctor( new functor () { public void eval (x) { return x * 2; } })) i'm simplifying, of course, i've left out the security and logging wrappers-dd- -- reginald braithwait . the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results-dd- -- benjamin franklin . a no uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a yes merely uttered to please or what is worse, to avoid trouble-dd- -- mahatma gandhi . i think it is wise, and only honest, to warn you that my goal is immodest-dd- it is not my purpose to "transfer knowledge" to you that, subsequently, you can forget again-dd- my purpose is no less than to effectuate in each of you a noticeable, irreversable change-dd- i want you to gain, for the rest of your lives, the insight that beautiful proofs are not "found" by trial anf error but are the result of a consciously applied design discipline-dd- i want you to raise your quality standards-dd- i mean, if 10 years from now, when you are doing something quick and dirty, you suddenly visualize that i am looking over your shoulders and say to yourself "dijkstra would not have liked this", well, that would be enough immortality for me-dd- -- e-dd- w-dd- dijkstra . the general principle for complexity design is this: think locally, act locally-dd- -- richard p-dd- gabriel & ron goldman, mob software: the erotic life of code . programming is the art of figuring out what you want so precisely that even a machine can do it-dd- -- some guy who isn't famous . hence my urgent advice to all of you to reject the morals of the bestseller society and to find, to start with, your reward in your own fun-dd- this is quite feasible, for the challenge of simplification is so fascinating that, if we do our job properly, we shall have the greatest fun in the world-dd- -- e-dd- w-dd- dijkstra, on the nature of computing science-dd- . remember: you are alone-dd- every time you can get help from someone, it is an opportunity: you should eagerly size it-dd- but then, promptly return to normal mode: you are alone and you must be prepared to solve every problem yourself-dd- -- eric kedji . making all software into tools reduces risk-dd- -- smoothspan-dd-com . some may say ruby is a bad rip-off of lisp or smalltalk, and i admit that-dd- but it is nicer to ordinary people-dd- -- matz, ll2 . c and lisp stand at opposite ends of the spectrum; they're each great at what the other one sucks at-dd- -- steve yegge, tour de babel-dd- . two people should stay together if together they are better people than they would be individually-dd- -- -qq- . to the optimist, the glass is half full-dd- to the pessimist, the glass is half empty-dd- to the engineer, the glass is twice as big as it needs to be-dd- -- author unknown (quoted in `robust systems', gerald jay suseman) . it is practically impossible to teach good programming to students that have had a prior exposure to basic: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration-dd- -- edsger dijkstra . whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well-dd- -- earl of chesterfield . rules of optimization: rule 1: don't do it-dd- rule 2 (for experts only): don't do it yet-dd- -- m-dd-a-dd- jackson . more computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason - including blind stupidity-dd- -- w-dd-a-dd- wulf . we should forget about small efficiencies, say about 97% of the time: premature optimization is the root of all evil-dd- -- donald knuth . the best is the enemy of the good-dd- -- voltaire . the job of a leader today is not to create followers-dd- it's to create more leaders-dd- -- ralph nader . the president was visiting nasa headquarters and stopped to talk to a man who was holding a mop-dd- “and what do you do-qq- he asked-dd- the man, a janitor, replied, “i'm helping to put a man on the moon, sir-dd- -- the little book of leadership . only make new mistakes-dd- -- phil dourado . you can recognize truth by its beauty and simplicity-dd- when you get it right, it is obvious that it is right-dd- -- richard feynman . talkers are no good doers-dd- -- william shakespeare, "henry vi" . photography is painting with light-dd- -- eric hamilton . good artists copy-dd- great artists steal-dd- -- pablo picasso . a guideline in the process of stepwise refinement should be the principle to decompose decisions as much as possible, to untangle aspects which are only seemingly interdependent, and to defer those decisions which concern details of representation as long as possible-dd- -- niklaus wirth . vigorous writing is concise-dd- a sentence should contain no unnecessary words, a paragraph no unnecessary sentences, for the same reason that a drawing should have no unnecessary lines and a machine no unnecessary parts-dd- this requires not that the writer make all sentences short or avoid all detail and treat subjects only in outline, but that every word tell-dd- -- william strunk, jr-dd- (the elements of style) . the problem is that small examples fail to convince, and large examples are too big to follow-dd- -- steve yegge-dd- . we are the sum of our behaviours; excellence therefore is not an act but a habit-dd- -- aristotle-dd- . the purpose of abstraction is not to be vague, but to create a new semantic level in which one can be absolutely precise-dd- -- edsger dijkstra . every man prefers belief to the exercise of judgment-dd- -- seneca . it's hard to grasp abstractions if you don't understand what they're abstracting away from-dd- -- nathan weizenbaum . that is one of the most distinctive differences between school and the real world: there is no reward for putting in a good effort-dd- in fact, the whole concept of a "good effort" is a fake idea adults invented to encourage kids-dd- it is not found in nature-dd- -- paul graham . i find that the harder i work, the more luck i seem to have-dd- -- thomas jefferson . don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed-dd- -- george burns . if everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough-dd- -- mario andretti . chance favors the prepared mind-dd- -- louis pasteur . controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming-dd- -- brian kernigan . the function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple-dd- -- grady booch . programmers are in a race with the universe to create bigger and better idiot-proof programs, while the universe is trying to create bigger and better idiots-dd- so far the universe is winning-dd- -- rich cook . a hacker on a roll may be able to produce–in a period of a few months–something that a small development group (say, 7-8 people) would have a hard time getting together over a year-dd- ibm used to report that certain programmers might be as much as 100 times as productive as other workers, or more-dd- -- peter seebach . the best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones-dd- they are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability-dd- -- randall e-dd- stross . a great lathe operator commands several times the wage of an average lathe operator, but a great writer of software code is worth 10,000 times the price of an average software writer-dd- -- bill gates . measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight-dd- -- bill gates . first learn computer science and all the theory-dd- next develop a programming style-dd- then forget all that and just hack-dd- -- george carrette . to iterate is human, to recurse divine-dd- -- l-dd- peter deutsch . the best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit-dd- -- anonymous . should array indices start at 0 or 1-qq- my compromise of 0-dd-5 was rejected without, i thought, proper consideration-dd- -- stan kelly-bootle . the use of cobol cripples the mind; its teaching should therefore be regarded as a criminal offense-dd- -- e-dd-w-dd- dijkstra . it is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to basic-dd- as potential programmers, they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration-dd- -- e-dd- w-dd- dijkstra . one of the main causes of the fall of the roman empire was that–lacking zero–they had no way to indicate successful termination of their c programs-dd- -- robert firth . saying that java is nice because it works on all oses is like saying that anal sex is nice because it works on all genders-dd- -- alanna . if java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution-dd- -- robert sewell . software is like sex: it's better when it's free-dd- -- linus torvalds . any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else-dd- -- eagleson's law . good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having to think out every case-dd- -- francis glassborow . considering the current sad state of our computer programs, software development is clearly still a black art, and cannot yet be called an engineering discipline-dd- -- bill clinton . if debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in-dd- -- edsger w-dd- dijkstra . always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live-dd- -- martin golding . everything that can be invented has been invented-dd- -- charles h-dd- duell, commissioner, u-dd-s-dd- office of patents, 1899 . i think there's a world market for about 5 computers-dd- -- thomas j-dd- watson, chairman of the board, ibm, circa 1948 . it would appear that we have reached the limits of what it is possible to achieve with computer technology, although one should be careful with such statements, as they tend to sound pretty silly in 5 years-dd- -- john von neumann, circa 1949 . but what is it good for-qq- -- engineer at the advanced computing systems division of ibm, commenting on the microchip, 1968 . there is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home-dd- -- ken olson, president, digital equipment corporation, 1977 . 640k ought to be enough for anybody-dd- -- bill gates, 1981 . windows nt addresses 2 gigabytes of ram, which is more than any application will ever need-dd- -- microsoft, on the development of windows nt, 1992 . we will never become a truly paper-less society until the palm pilot folks come out with wipeme 1-dd-0-dd- -- andy pierson . if it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger-dd- -- frank lloyd wright . functional programming is like describing your problem to a mathematician-dd- imperative programming is like giving instructions to an idiot-dd- -- arcus, #scheme on freenode . its a shame that the students of our generation grew up with windows and mice because that tainted our mindset not to think in terms of powerful tools-dd- some of us are just so tainted that we will never recover-dd- -- jeffrey mark siskind <qobi@research-dd-nj-dd-nec-dd-com> in comp-dd-lang-dd-lisp . lisp is a programmable programming language-dd- -- john foderaro . i guess, when you're drunk, every woman looks beautiful and every language looks (like) a lisp :) -- lament, #scheme@freenode-dd-net . many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up-dd- -- thomas edison . you must always work not just within but below your means-dd- if you can handle three elements, handle only two-dd- if you can handle ten, then handle five-dd- in that way the ones you do handle, you handle with more ease, more mastery and you create a feeling of strength in reserve-dd- -- pablo picasso . when you've got the code all ripped apart, it's like a car that's all disassembled-dd- you've got all the parts tying all over your garage and you have to replace the broken part or the car will never run-dd- it's not fun until the code gets back to the baseline again-dd- -- gary kildall (inventor of cp/m, one of the first os for the micro)-dd- . well, if you talk about programming to a group of programmers who use the same language, they can become almost evangelistic about the language-dd- they form a tight-knit community, hold to certain beliefs, and follow certain rules in their programming-dd- it's like a church with a programming language for a bible-dd- -- gary kildall (inventor of cp/m, one of the first os for the micro)-dd- . it's a problem if the design doesn't let you add features at a later date-dd- if you have to redo a program, the hours you spend can cause you to lose your competitive edge-dd- a flexible program demonstrates the difference between a good designer and someone who is just getting a piece of code out-dd- -- gary kildall (inventor of cp/m, one of the first os for the micro)-dd- . [how friendly will this machine be-qq-] well, i don't think it's a matter of friendliness, because ultimately if the program is going to accomplish anything of value, it will probably be relatively complex-dd- -- gary kildall (inventor of cp/m, one of the first os for the micro)-dd- . some people suggest that machines would be friendlier if input could be in a natural language-dd- but natural language is probably the worst kind of input because it can be quite ambiguous-dd- the process of retrieving information from the computer would be so time-consuming that you would be better off spending that time getting the information directly from an expert-dd- -- gary kildall (inventor of cp/m, one of the first os for the micro)-dd- . the only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible-dd- -- arthur c-dd- clarke . any sufficiently advanced technology is undistinguishable from magic-dd- -- arthur c-dd- clarke . that is the inevitable human response-dd- we're reluctant to believe that great discoveries are in the air-dd- we want to believe that great discoveries are in our heads—and to each party in the multiple the presence of the other party is invariably cause for suspicion-dd- -- malcolm gladwell, who says big ideas are rare-qq- . good ideas are out there for anyone with the wit and the will to find them-dd- -- malcolm gladwell, who says big ideas are rare-qq- . a person won't become proficient at something until he or she has done it many times-dd- in other words-dd-, if you want someone to be really good at building a software system, he or she will have to have built 10 or more systems of that type-dd- -- philip greenspun . a person won't retain proficiency at a task unless he or she has at one time learned to perform that task very rapidly-dd- learning research demonstrates that the skills of people who become accurate but not fast deteriorate much sooner than the skills of people who become both accurate and fast-dd- -- philip greenspun . training research shows that if you get speed now you can get quality later-dd- but if you don't get speed you will never get quality in the long run-dd- -- philip greenspun . beware of bugs in the above code; i have only proved it correct, not tried it-dd- -- donald knuth . wear your best for your execution and stand dignified-dd- your last recourse against randomness is how you act — if you can't control outcomes, you can control the elegance of your behaviour-dd- you will always have the last word-dd- -- nassim taleb . the human brain starts working the moment you are born and never stops until you stand up to speak in public-dd- -- anonymous . the trouble with the world is that the stupid are always cocksure and the intelligent are always filled with doubt-dd- -- bertrand russell . simple, clear purpose and principles give rise to complex, intelligent behavior-dd- complex rules and regulations give rise to simple, stupid behavior-dd- -- dee hock, birth of the chaordic age . c++ is like teenage sex: everybody is talking about it all the time, only few are really doing it-dd- -- unknown . functional programming is to algorithms as the ubiquitous little black dress is to women's fashion-dd- -- mark tarver (of "the bipolar lisp programmer" fame) . java and c++ make you think that the new ideas are like the old ones-dd- java is the most distressing thing to hit computing since ms-dos-dd- -- alan kay . for complex systems, the compiler and development environment need to be in the same language that its supporting-dd- it's the only way to grow code-dd- -- alan kay . simple things should be simple-dd- complex things should be possible-dd- -- alan kay . i invented the term object-oriented, and i can tell you i did not have c++ in mind-dd- -- alan kay . all creativity is an extended form of a joke-dd- -- alan kay . if you don't fail at least 90 percent of the time, you're not aiming high enough-dd- -- alan kay . revolutions come from standing on the shoulders of giants and facing in a better direction-dd- -- alan kay . ce n'est que par les beaux sentiments qu'on parvient  la fortune -xx- -- charles baudelaire, conseils aux jeunes littrateurs-dd- . la haine est une liqueur prcieuse, un poison plus cher que celui des borgia, - car il est fait avec notre sang, notre sant, notre sommeil, et les deux tiers de notre amour-xx- il faut en tre avare-xx- -- charles baudelaire, conseils aux jeunes littrateurs-dd- . l'art qui satisfait le besoin le plus imprieux sera toujours le plus honor-dd- -- charles baudelaire, conseils aux jeunes littrateurs-dd- . if it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, it's a duck-dd- -- official definition of "duck typing" . in oo, it's the data that is the "important" thing: you define the class which contains member data, and only incidentally contains code for manipulating the object-dd- in fp, it's the code that's important: you define a function which contains code for working with the data, and only incidentally define what the data is-dd- -- almkgor, on reddit . des mots simples, quand ils sont bien utiliss, font faire  des gens ordinaires des choses extraordinaires-dd- -- khaled tangao . it was edison who said ‘1% inspiration, 99% perspiration'-dd- that may have been true a hundred years ago-dd- these days it's ‘0-dd-01% inspiration, 99-dd-99% perspiration', and the inspiration is the easy part-dd- -- linux torvalds . the greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a way that will allow a solution-dd- -- bertrand russell . no matter how much you plan you're likely to get half wrong anyway-dd- so don't do the ‘paralysis through analysis' thing-dd- that only slows progress and saps morale-dd- -- 37 signal, getting real . [innovation] comes from saying no to 1,000 things to make sure we don't get on the wrong track or try to do too much-dd- we're always thinking about new markets we could enter, but it's only by saying no that you can concentrate on the things that are really important-dd- -- steve jobs . the ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak-dd- -- hans hofmann . however beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results-dd- -- winston churchill . genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration-dd- -- thomas edison . i'd rather write programs to write programs than write programs-dd- -- richard sites . heureux l'tudiant qui comme la rivire peut suivre son cours sans quitter son lit-dd--dd--dd- -- sebastien, sur commentcamarche-dd-net . side projects are less masturbatory than reading rss, often more useful than mobileme, more educational than the comments on reddit, and usually more fun than listening to keynotes-dd- -- chris wanstrath . :nunmap can also be used outside of a monastery-dd- -- vim user manual . i had to learn how to teach less, so that more could be learned-dd- -- tim gallwey, the inner game of work . workers of the world, the chains that bind you are not held in place by a ruling class, a "superior" race, by society, the state, or a leader-dd- they are held in place by none other than yourself-dd- those who seek to exploit are not themselves free, for they place no value in freedom-dd- who is it that really employs you and commands you to pick up your daily load-qq- and who is it that you allow to pass judgment on the adequacy of your toil-qq- who have you empowered to dangle the carrot before you and threaten with disapproval-qq- who, when you wake each morning, sends you off to what you call your work-qq- is there an "i want to" behind all your "i have to," or have you been so long forgotten to yourself that "i want" exists only as an idea in your head-qq- if you have disconnected from your soul's desire and are drowning in an ocean of "have to," then rise up and overthrow your master-dd- begin the journey toward emancipation-dd- work only in such a way that you are truly self-employed-dd- -- tim gallwey, the inner game of work . the work begins anew, the hope rises again, and the dream lives on-dd- -- ted kennedy . the hardest part of design -dd--dd--dd- is keeping features out-dd- -- donald norman . before software can be reusable it first has to be usable-dd- -- ralph johnson . the opposite of love is not hate, it is indifference-dd- -- elie wiesel . - gbi de fer - howa-xx- - on va en france - non, je vais pas-xx- - pourquoi-qq- - parce ki y a pas agouti l -bas-xx- -- gbi de fer . ecoute, crois en ton projet-dd--dd--dd- implique toi  fond-dd--dd--dd- trouve des aspects innovants pour te distinguer des autres-dd- tu verras que tu te feras remarquer trs facilement-dd--dd--dd- -- khaled tangao . perpetual optimism is a force multiplier-dd- -- colin powell . be the change you want to see in the world-dd- -- mahatma gandhi . the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it [leadership]-dd- -- dwight d-dd- enseinhover-dd- . no one is all evil-dd- everybody has a good side-dd- if you keep waiting, it will comme up-dd- -- randy pausch . experience is what you get when you don't get what you want-dd- -- cited by randy pausch . luck is where preparation meets opportunity-dd- -- randy pausch . bonne bosse et reste le boss-dd- -- darryl amedon . the greatest of all weaknesses is the fear of appearing weak-dd- -- j-dd- b-dd- bossuet, politics from holy writ, 1709 . it's easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission-dd- -- rear admiral dr-dd- grace hopper . an investment in knowledge always pays the best interest-dd- -- benjamin franklin . natives who beat drums to drive off evil spirits are objects of scorn to smart americans who blow horns to break up traffic jams-dd- -- mary ellen kelly . a cs professor once explained recursion as follows: a child couldn't sleep, so her mother told her a story about a little frog, who couldn't sleep, so the frog's mother told her a story about a little bear, who couldn't sleep, so the bear's mother told her a story about a little weasel-dd--dd--dd- who fell asleep-dd- -dd--dd--dd-and the little bear fell asleep; -dd--dd--dd-and the little frog fell asleep; -dd--dd--dd-and the child fell asleep-dd- -- everything2-dd-com . never do the impossible-dd- people will expect you to do it forever after-dd- -- pigsandfishes-dd-com . hire people smarter than you-dd- work with people smarter than you-dd- listen to them-dd- let them lead you-dd- take the blame for all failures, give away the credit for all successes-dd- -- how to fail: 25 secrets learned through failure . give up control-dd- you never really had it anyway-dd- -- how to fail: 25 secrets learned through failure . ne te mets pas de limite, la vie se chargera de la mettre a ta place-dd- -- darryl amedon . only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity-dd- and i'm not so sure about the former-dd- -- albert einstein . the important thing is not to stop questioning-dd- -- albert einstein . do not accept anything because it comes from the mouth of a respected person-dd- -- buddha . work as intensely as you play and play as intensely as you work-dd- -- eric s-dd- raymond, how to be a hacker . a witty saying proves nothing -- voltaire . sound methodology can empower and liberate the creative mind; it cannot inflame or inspire the drudge-dd- -- frederick p-dd- brooks, no sliver bullet-dd- . la connaissance d'un dfaut ne l'enlve pas, elle nous torture jusqu' sa correction-dd- -- daniel lovewin (guillaume kpotufe) . je crois au flooding-dd- -- karim baina (en parlant du dailogue avec les administrations) . il y a trs loin de la vellit  la volnt, de la volont  la rsolution, de la rsolution au choix des moyens, du choix ds moyens  lapplication-dd- -- jean-franois paul de gondi de retz . do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; but remember that what you now have was once among the things only hoped for-dd- -- greek philosopher epicurus . nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent-dd- -- eleanor roosevelt . if you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything-dd- -- mark twain . you know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams-dd- -- dr-dd- seuss . the opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference-dd- -- elie wiesel . life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans-dd- -- john lennon . whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect-dd- -- mark twain . to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment-dd- -- ralph waldo emerson . it is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages-dd- -- friedrich nietzsche . in terms of energy, it's better to make a wrong choice than none at all-dd- -- george leonard, mastery-dd- . courage is grace under pressure-dd- -- ernest hemingway . actually, the essence of boredom is to be found in the obsessive search for novelty-dd- satisfaction lies in mindful repetition, the discovery of endless richness in subtle variations on familiar themes-dd- -- george leonard, mastery-dd- . before enlightenment, chop wood and carry water-dd- after enlightenment, chop wood and carry water-dd- -- ancient eastern adage . acknowledging the negative doesn't mean sniveling [whining, complaining]; it means facing the truth and then moving on-dd- -- george leonard, mastery-dd- . whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it-dd- boldness has genius, power, and magic in it-dd- -- goethe . what we choose to fight is so tiny-xx- what fights us is so great-xx- -dd--dd--dd- when we win it's with small things, and the triumph itself makes us small-dd- -dd--dd--dd- winning does not tempt that man-dd- this is how he grows: by being defeated, decisively, by constantly greater beings-dd- -- rainer maria rilke, the man watching-dd- . we fail to realize that mastery is not about perfection-dd- it's about a process, a journey-dd- the master is the one who stays on the path day after day, year after year-dd- the master is the one who is willing to try, and fail, and try again, for as long as he or she lives-dd- -- george leonard, mastery-dd- . are you willing to wear your white belt-qq- -- george leonard, mastery-dd- . a grouch escapes so many little annoyances that it almost pays to be one-dd- --kin hubbard-- . if men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament-xx- --florynce kennedy-- . admiration: our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves-dd- --ambrose bierce-- . advertising may be described as the science of arresting human intelligence long enough to get money from it-dd- --stephen leacock-- . advertising is 85 percent confusion and 15 percent commission-dd- --fred allen-- . advertising is a valuable economic factor because it is the cheapest way of seeling goods, particularly if the goods are worthless-dd- --sinclair lewis-- . advertising is legalized lying-dd- --h-dd- g-dd- wells-- . an alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do-dd- --dylan thomas-- . judges, as a class, display, in the matter of arranging alimony, that reckless generosity which is found only in men who are giving away someone else's cash-dd- --p-dd- g-dd- wodehouse-- . every major horror of history was committed in the name of an altruistic motive-dd- has any act of selfishness ever equalled the carnage perpetrated by disciples of altruism-qq- --ayan rand-- . in our country we have those three unspeakably precious things: freedom of speech, freedom of conscience, and the prudence never to practice either-dd- --mark twain-- . in america sex is an obsession, in other parts of the world it is a fact-dd- --marlene dietrich-- . america is the greatest of opportunities and the worst of influences-dd- --george santayana-- . the discovery of america was the occasion of the greatest outburst of cruelty and reckless greed known in history-dd- --joseph conrad-- . the genius of you americans is that you never make clear-cut stupid moves, only complicated stupid moves which make us wonder at the possi- bility that there may be something to them which we are missing-dd- --gamal abdel nasser-- . animals have these advantages over man: they have no theologians to instruct them, their funerals cost them nothing, and no one starts lawsuits over their wills-dd- --voltaire-- . there is no underestimating the intelligence of the american public-dd- --h-dd- l-dd- mencken-- . democracy is the are of running the circus from the monkey cage-dd- --h-dd- l-dd- mencken-- . perhaps the most revolting character that the united states ever produced was the christian business man-dd- --h-dd- l-dd- mencken-- . the trouble with new york is that it has no nationality at all-dd- it is simply a sort of free port -- a place where the raw materials of civilization are received, sorted out, and sent further on-dd- --h-dd- l-dd- mencken-- . texas is the place where there are the most cows and the least milk and the most rivers and the least water in them, and where you can look the farthest and see the least-dd- --h-dd- l-dd- mencken-- . baseball has the great advantage over cricket of being sooner ended-dd- --george bernard shaw-- . it ain't those parts of the bible that i can't under- stand that bother me, it's the parts that i do understand-dd- --mark twain-- . so far as i can remember, there is not one word in the gospels in praise of intelligence-dd- --bertrand russell-- . scriptures-dd--dd--dd--dd-the sacred books of our holy religion, as distinguished from the false and profane writings on which all other faiths are based-dd- --ambrose bierce-- . the inspiration of the bible depends on the ignorance of the person who reads it-dd- --robert g-dd- ingersoll-- . no one recovers from the disease of being born; a deadly wound if there ever was one-dd- --e-dd- m-dd- cioran-- . the trouble with born-again christians is that they are an even bigger pain the second time around-dd- --herb caen-- . he's a born-again christian-dd- the trouble is, he suffered brain damage during rebirth-dd- --anonymous-- . the fact that boys are allowed to exist at all is evidence of a remarkable christian forebearance among men-dd- --ambrose bierce-- . boyys are capital fellows in their own way, among their mages; but they are unwholesome companions for grown people-dd- --charles lamb-- . it's silly to go on pretending that under the skin we are all brothers-dd- the truth is more likely that under the skin we are all cannibals, assassins, traitors, liars and hypocrites-dd- --henry miller-- . bureaucracy is a giant mechanism operated by pygmies-dd- --honore' de balzac-- . chastity: the most unnatural of the sexual perversions-dd- --aldous huxley-- . chastity always takes its toll-dd- in some it produces pimples; in others, sex laws-dd- --karl kraus-- . one of the serious obstacles to the improvement of our race is indiscrimiate charity-dd- --andrew carnegie-- . chess is a foolish expedient for making idle people believe they are doing something very clever when they are only wasting their time-dd- --george bernard shaw-- . chess is as elaborate a waste of human intelligence as you can find outside an advertising agency-dd- --raymond chandler-- . there are three terrible ages of childhood -- 1 to 10, 10 to 20, and 20 to 30-dd- --cleveland amory-- . the secret of dealing successfully with a child is not to be its parent-dd- --mell lazarus-- . the best way to keep children at home is to make the home atmosphere pleasant -- and let the air out of the tires-dd- --dorothy parker-- . a child is a curly, dimpled lunatic-dd- --ralph waldo emerson-- . we are given children to test us and make us more spiritual-dd- --george f-dd- will-- . christ died for our sins-dd- dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not committing them-qq- --jules feiffer-- . if christ were here now there is one thing he would not be -- a christian-dd- --mark twain-- . the last christian died on the cross-dd- --anonymous-- . organized christianity has probably done more to retard the ideals that were its founder's than any other agency in the world-dd- --richard legallienne-- . of learned men, the clergy show the lowest development of professional ethics-dd- any pastor is free to steal customers from the divines of rival sects, and to denounce the divines themselves as theological quacks-dd- --h-dd- l-dd- mencken-- . a clergyman is one who feels himself called upon to live without working at the expense of the rascals who work to live-dd- --voltaire-- . communism is like one big phone company-dd- --lenny bruce-- . it could probably be shown be facts and figures that there is no distinctively native american criminal class -- except congress-dd- --mark twain-- . conservative-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-a statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished from a liberal, who wishes to replace them with others-dd- --ambrose bierce-- . consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative-dd- --oscar wilde-- . convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth than lies-dd- --nietzsche-- . corporation-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-an ingenious device for obtaining individual profit without individual responsibility-dd- --ambrose bierce-- . critics are like eunuchs in a harem; they know how its done, they've seen it done every day, but they're unable to do it themselves-dd- --brendan behan-- . critics are a dissembling, dishonest, contemptible race-dd- asking a working writer wht he thinks about critics is likd asking a fire plug what it feels about dogs-dd- --john osborne-- . the power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have not got it-dd- --george bernard shaw-- . democracy encourages the majority to decide things about which the majority is blissfully ignorant-dd- --john simon-- . the substitution of election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few properly describes the institution of democracy-dd- --george bernard shaw-- . democracy becomes a government of bullies, barely tempered by editors-dd- --laurence j-dd- peters-- . one of the most common of all diseases is diagnosis-dd- --karl kraus-- . doctors are just the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too-dd- --anton chekhov-- . men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made stupid by education-dd- --bertrand russell-- . we are shut up in schools and college recitation rooms for ten or fifteen years, and come out at last with a bellyful of words and do not know a thing-dd- --ralph waldo emerson-- . education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices-dd- --laurence j-dd- peter-- . equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on earth can ever turn it into a fact-dd- --honore' de balzac-- . we learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience-dd- -- oscar wilde-- . no one is completely unhappy at the failure of his best friend-dd- --groucho marx-- . faith-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-belief without evidence inwhat is told by one sho speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel-dd- --ambrose bierce-- . faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurrence of the improbable-dd- --h-dd- l-dd- mencken-- . a casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything-dd- --nietzsche-- . the most common of all follies is to believe passionately in the palpably not true-dd- it is the chief occupation of mankind-dd- --h-dd- l-dd- mencken-- . when i can no longer bear to think of the victims of broken homes, i begin to think of the victims of intact ones-dd- --peter devries-- . always forgive your enemies -- nothing annoys them so much-dd- --oscar wilde-- . france is th only couontry where the money falls apart and you can't tear the toilet paper-dd- --billy wilder-- . what i gained by being in france was learning to be better satisfied with my own country-dd- --samual johnson-- . france-qq- i would have loved it -- without the french-dd- --d-dd- h-dd- lawrence-- . when people are free to do as they please, they usually imitate each other-dd- --eric hoffer-- . friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity-dd- --mortimer adler-- . if you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stomping on a human face -- forever-dd- --george orwell-- . "gay" used to be one of the most agreeable words in the language-dd- its appropriation by a notably morose group is an act of piracy-dd- --arthur m-dd- schlesinger, jr-dd--- . when a true genius appears in the world you may know him by this sign: that all the dunces are in confederacy against him-dd- --jonathon swift-- . gentility is what is left over from rich ancestors after the money is gone-dd- --john ciardi-- . the only excuse for god is that he doesn't exist-dd- --stendhal-- . god seems to have left the receiver off the hook and time is running out-dd- --arthur koestler-- . it takes a long while for a naturally trustful person to reconcile himself to the idea that after all god will not help him-dd- --h-dd- l-dd- mencken-- . he (god) seems to have an inordinate fondness for beetles-dd- --j-dd- b-dd- s-dd- haldane-- . the good die young -- because they see it's no use living if you've got to be good-dd- --john barrymore-- . on the whole, human beings want to be good, but not too good and not quite all the time-dd- --george orwell-- . it is almost impossible systematically to constitue a natural moral law-dd- nature has no principles-dd- she furnishes us with no reason to believe that human life is to be respected-dd- nature, in her indifference, makes no disctinction between good and evil-dd- --anatole france-- . few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example-dd- --mark twain-- . a government is the only know vessel that leaks from the top-dd- --james reston-- . every government is run by liars and nothing they say should be believed-dd- --i-dd- f-dd- stone-- . in general, the art of government consists in taking as much money as possible from one class of the citizens to give to the other-dd- --voltaire-- also a good definition of the democratic party-dd- . government is an association of men who do violence to the rest of us-dd- --leo tolstoy-- . gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors-dd- --anonymous-- . history is a set of lies agreed upon-dd- --napoleon bonaparte-- . history repeats itself; that's one of the things that's wrong with history-dd- --clarence darrow-- . we learn from history that we do not learn from history-dd- --g-dd- f-dd- wilhelm hegel-- . on the whole history tends to be rather poor fiction -- except at its best-dd- --gore vidal-- . an historian is nothing more than an unsuccessful novelist-dd- --h-dd- l-dd- mencken-- . history would be a wonderful thing -- if only it were true-dd- --h-dd- l-dd- mencken-- . holidays are an expensive trial of strength-dd- the only satisfaction comes from survival-dd- --jonathan miller-- . the holy roman empire was neither holy, nor roman, nor an empire-dd- --voltaire-- . hope in reality is the worst of all evils, because it prolongs the torments of man-dd- --nietzsche-- . there are times when you hav to choose between being human and having good taste-dd- --bertoldt brecht-- . it is easier to denature plutonium than to denature the evil spirit of man-dd- --albert einstein-- . no doubt jack the ripper excused himself on the grounds that it was human nature-dd- --a-dd- a-dd- milne-- . if i could get my membership fee back, i'd resign from the human race-dd- --fred allen-- . the chief obstacle to the progress of the human race is the human race-dd- --don marquis-- . humility is no substitue for a good personality-dd- --fran lebowitz-- . when a man wants to murder a tiger he calls it sport; when a tiger wants to murder him he calls it ferocity-dd- --george bernard shaw-- . a sportsman is a man who, every now and then, simply has to go out and kill something-dd- --stephen leacock-- . the fascination of shooting as a sport depends almost wholly on whether you are at the right or wrong end of the gun-dd- --p-dd- g-dd- wodehouse-- . a husband is wha't left of the lover once the nerve has been extracted-dd- --helen rowland-- . an ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition-dd- --michael korda-- . impiety-dd--dd--dd--dd-your irreverence toward my deity-dd- --ambrose bierce-- . insanity-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-a perfectly rational adjustment to the insane world-dd- --r-dd- d-dd- laing-- . ireland has the honor of being the only country which never persecuted the jews -- because whe never let any in-dd- --james joyce-- . i showed my appreciation of my native land in the usual irish way by getting out of it as soon as i possibly could-dd- --george bernard shaw-- . the irish are a fair people -- they never speak well of one another-dd- --samual johnson-- . the jews are a frightened people-dd- twenty centuries of christian love have broken down their nerves-dd- --israel zangwill-- . there is much to be said in favor of modern journalism-dd- by giving us the opinions of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community-dd- --oscar wilde-- . justice-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-a commodity which in a more or less adulterated condition the state sells to the citizen as a reward for his allegiance, taxes and personal service-dd- --ambrose bierce-- . kill one man and you are a murderer-dd- kill millions and you are a conqueror-dd- kill everyone and you are a god-dd- --jean rostand- . every law is and infraction of liberty-dd- --jeremy bentham-- . lawyer-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-one skilled in the circumvention of the law-dd- --ambrose bierce-- . lawyer-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-one who protects us against robbery by taking away the temptation-dd- --h-dd- l mencken-- . layers are the only person in whom ignorance of the law is not punished-dd- --jeremy bentham-- . if law school is so hard to get through-dd--dd--dd--dd-how come there are so many lawyers-qq- --calvin trillin-- . lawyers, i suppose, were children once-dd- --charles lamb-- . lawyers are -dd--dd--dd- operators of the toll bridge which anyone in search of justice must cross-dd- --jane bryant quinn-- . laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired-dd- --jules renard-- . it is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless of course, you are an exceptionally good liar-dd- --jerome k-dd- jerome-- . the liberals can understand everything but people who don't understand them-dd- --lenny bruce-- . liberal-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-a power worshipper without power-dd- --george orwell-- . a liberal is a person whose interests aren't at stake at the moment-dd- --willis player-- . a liberal is a man too broadminded to take his own side in a quarrel-dd- --robert frost-- . liberty means responsibility; that is why most men dread it-dd- --george bernard shaw-- . liberty doesn't work as well in practice as it does in speeches-dd- --will rogers-- . life does not cease to be funny when people die and more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh-dd- --george bernard shaw-- . life is not so bad if you have plenty of luch, a good physique and not too much imagination-dd- --christopher isherwood-- . love is the most subtle form of self-interest-dd- --holbrook jackson-- . many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying the whole girl-dd- --stephen leacock-- . it's possible to love a human being if you don't know them too well-dd- --charles bukowski-- . what is irritating about love is that it is a crime that requires an accomplice-dd- --charles baudelaire-- . when two people are under the influence of the most violent, most insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are required to swear that they will remain in htat excited, abnormal and exhausting condition until death do them part-dd- --george bernard shaw-- . martyrdom is the only way in which a man can become famous without ability-dd- --george bernard shaw-- . don't knock masturbation -- it's sex with someone i love-xx- --woody allen-- . when it is a question of money, everybody is of the same religion-dd- --voltaire-- . virtue has never been as respectable as money-dd- --mark twain-- . go into the street and give one man a lecture on morality and another a dollar, and see which will respect you most-dd- --samuel johnson-- . if you must choose between living with your mother-in-law and blowing your brains out, don't hesitate -- blow out hers-xx- --victorien sardou-- . obscenity is what happens to shock some elderly and ignorant magistrate-dd- --bertrand russell-- . obscenity is whatever gives a judge an erection-dd- --anonymous-- . the optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist knows it-dd- --j-dd- robert oppenheimer-- . a paranoid is a man who knows a little of what's going on-dd- --william burroughs-- . the only people who seem to have nothing to do with the education of the children are the parent-dd- --g-dd- k-dd- chesterton-- . patience-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-a minor form of despair, disguised as a virtue-dd- --ambrose bierce-- . patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons-dd- --bertrand russell-- . when you hear a man speak of his love for his country, it is a sign he expects to get paid for it-dd- --h-dd- l-dd- mencken-- . patriotism is the virtue of the vicious-dd- --oscar wilde-- . when there are two conflicting versions of the story, the wise course is to believe the one in which people appear at their worst-dd- --h-dd- allen smith-- . pessimist-dd--dd--dd--dd-one who, when he has the choice of two evils, chooses both-dd- --oscar wilde-- . a pessimist thinks everybody is as nasty as himself, and hates them for it-dd- --george bernard shaw-- . philosophy teaches us to bear with equanimity the misfortunes of others-dd- --oscar wilde-- . the photographer is like the cod, which produces a million eggs in order that one may reach maturity-dd- --george bernard shaw-- . politeness-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-the most acceptable hypocrisy-dd- --ambrose bierce-- . a good politician is quite as unthinkable as an honest burglar-dd- --h-dd- l-dd- mencken-- . one has to be a lowbrow, a bit of a murderer, to be a politician, ready and willing to see people sacrificed, slaughtered, for the sake of an idea, whether a good one or a bad one-dd- --henry miller-- . take our politicians: they're a bunch of yo-yos-dd- the presidency is now a cross between a popularity contest and a high school debate, with an encyclopedia of cliches the first prize-dd- --saul bellow-- . anybody that wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two years organizing and campaigning for it is not to be trusted with the office-dd- --david broder-- . politics-dd--dd--dd--dd-strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles-dd- --ambrose bierce-- . the standard of intellect in politics is lo low, men of moderate mental capacity have to stoop to reach it-dd- --hillaire belloc-- . all politics are based on the indifference of the majority-dd- --james reston-- . pray-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-to ask the laws of the universe be annulled on behalf of a single petitioner who confesses his unworthiness-dd- --ambrose bierce-- . i don't like principles-dd- i prefer prejudices-dd- they are more honest-dd- --oscar wilde-- . a great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices-dd- --william james-- . psychoanalysis makes quite simple people feel they're complex-dd- --s-dd- n-dd- behrman-- . freud is the father of psychoanalysis-dd- it has no mother-dd- --germaine greer-- . one should respect public opinion insofar as is necessary to avoid starvation and keep out of prison, but anything that goes beyond this is voluntary submission to an unnecesssary tyranny-dd- --bertrand russell-- . ther is only one honest impulse at the bottom of puritanical religion, and that is the impulse to punish the man with a superior capacity for happiness-dd- --h-dd- l-dd- mencken-- . the trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat-dd- --lily tomlin-- . ronald reagan-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-a triumph of the embalmer's art-dd- --gore vidal-- . all reformers, however strict their social conscience, live in houses just as big as they can pay for-dd- --logan pearsall smith-- . relations are simply a tedious pack of people who haven't got the remotest knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct about when to die-dd- --oscar wilde-- . all religions are founded on the fear of the many and the the cleverness of the few-dd- --stendahl-- . most religions do not make men better, only warier-dd- --elias canetti-- . the idea of a good society is something you do not need a religion and eternal puhishment to buttress; you need a religion if you are terrified of death-dd- --gore vidal-- . randomness scares people-dd- religion is a way to explain randomness-dd- --fran lebowitz-- . religion is the fashinonable substitue for belief-dd- --oscar wilde-- . we must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in hte sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart-dd- --h-dd- l-dd- mencken-- . religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for it trains people as to how they shall think-dd- --arthur schopenhauer-- . truth, in matters of religion, is simply the opinion that that survived-dd- --oscar wilde-- . we have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another-dd- --jonathan swift-- . ther was no respect for youth when i was young, and now that i am old, there is not respect for age-dd- i missed it coming and going-dd- --j-dd- b-dd- priestley-- . the more things a man is ashamed of, the more respectable he is-dd- --george bernard shaw-- . every revolution evaporates and leaves behind only the slime of a new bureaucracy-dd- --franz kafka-- . every man thinks god is on his side-dd- the rich and powerful know he is-dd- --jean anouilh-- . any preoccupation with ideas of what is right and wrong in conduct shows and arrested intellectual development-dd- --oscar wilde-- . if geraldo rivera is the first journalist in space, nasa can test the effect of weightlessness on weightlessness-dd- --anonymous but i wish i said it-- . most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who can't talk for people who can't read-dd- --frank zappa-- . romance, like the rabbit at the dog track, is the elusive, fake, and never attained reward which, for the benefit and amusement of our masters, keeps us running and thinking in safe circles-dd- --beverly jones-- . the salary of the chief executive of a large corporation is not a market award for achievement-dd- it is frequently in the nature of a warm personal gesture by the individual to himself-dd- --john kenneth galbraith-- . school days, i believe, are the unhappiest in the whole span of human existence-dd- they are full of dull, unintelligible tasks, new and unpleasant ordinances, with brutal violations of common sense and common decency-dd- --h-dd- l-dd- mencken-- . self-sacrifice enables us to sacrifice other people without blushing-dd- --george bernard shaw-- . sex-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-the pleasure is momentary, the position ridiculous, and expense damnable-dd- --lord chesterfield-- . is sex dirty-qq- only if it's done right-dd- --woody allen-- . i respect faith, but doubt is what gets you an education-dd- --wilson mizner-- . smoking is, as far as i am concerned, the entire point of being an adult-dd- many people find smoking objectionable-dd- i myself find many --even more-- things objectionable-dd- i do not like aftershave lotion, adults who roller-skate, children who speak french, or nayone who is unduly tan-dd- i do not, however, go around enacting legislation and putting up signs-dd- --fran lebowitz-- . stupidity is an elemental force for which no earthquake is a match-dd- --karl kraus-- . if you attack stupidity you attack an entrenched interest with friends in government and every walk of public life, and you will make small progress against it-dd- --samual marchbanks-- . moderation is a fatal thing-dd- nothing succeeds like excess-dd- --oscar wilde-- . it is not enough to succeed-dd- others must fail-dd- --gore vidal-- . a sunday school is a prison in which children so penance for the evil conscience of their parents-dd- -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken -- . like its politicians and its war, society has the teenagers it deserves-dd- --j-dd- b-dd- priestley-- . i have only a small flickering light to guide me in the darkness of a thick forest-dd- up comes a theologian and blows it out-dd- --dennis diderot-- . few people think more than two or three times a year; i have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week-dd- --george bernard shaw-- . people who have given us their complete confidence believe that they have a right to ours-dd- the inference is false; a gift confers no rights-dd- --nietzsche-- . as long as war is looked upon as wicked, it will always have its fascination-dd- when it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular-dd- --oscar wilde-- . human war has been the most successful of our cultural traditions-dd- --robert ardrey-- . as far as unwed mothers on welfare are concerned, it seems to me they must be capable of some other form of labor-dd- --al capp-- . i prefer the wicked rather than the foolish-dd- the wicked sometimes rest-dd- --alexandre dumas-- . wickedness is a myth invented by good people to account for the curious attractiveness of others-dd- --oscar wilde-- . women are like elephants to me -- i like to look at 'em, but i would'nt want to own one-dd- --w-dd- c-dd- fields-- . the history of woman is the history of the worst form of tyranny the world has every known; the tyranny of the weak over the strong-dd- it is the only tyranny that lasts-dd- --oscar wilde-- . in the fight between you and the world, back the world-dd- --frank zappa-- . if the world were a logical place, men would ride side-saddle-dd- --rita mae brown-- . the young always have the same problem -- how to rebel and conform at the same time-dd- they have now solved this by defying their parents and copying one another-dd- --quentin crisp-- . what is youth except a man or a woman before it is ready or fit to be seen-qq- --evelyn waugh-- . next to a circus there ain't nothing that packs up and tears out any quicker than the christmas spirit-dd- --kin hubbard-- "laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone-dd-" -- anthony burgess . "a successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend-dd- a successful woman is one who can find such a man-dd-" -- lana turner . "roses are red, violets are blue, i'm schizophrenic, and so am i-dd-" -- oscar levant . "a woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: she changes it more often-dd- " -- oliver herford . "behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes-dd-" -- jim carrey . "people who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do-dd-" -- isaac asimov . "the universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest-dd-" -- kurt vonnegut . "conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends-dd-" -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . "legend: a lie that has attained the dignity of age-dd-" -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . "the only really happy folk are married women and single men-dd-" -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . "there is always an easy solution to every problem - neat, plausible, and wrong-dd-" -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . "marriage is a wonderful institution, but who would want to live in an institution-qq-" -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . "strike an average between what a woman thinks of her husband a month before she marries him and what she thinks of him a year afterward, and you will have the truth about him-dd-" -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . "an idealist is one who, on noticing that a rose smells better than a cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup-dd- -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . "a cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin-dd-" -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . marge: now, i know you haven't liked some of my past suggestions, like switching to the metric system -- abe: the metric system is the tool of the devil-xx- my car gets forty rods to the hogshead and that's the way i likes it-dd- -- the simpsons episode "a star is burns" . "let's be very honest about what this is about-dd- it's not about bashing democrats, it's not about taxes, they have no idea what the boston tea party was about, they don't know their history at all-dd- this is about hating a black man in the white house-dd- this is racism straight up-dd-" -- janeane garofalo . "if barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends-qq-" -- steven wright . "we can repair anything-dd- (please knock hard on the door - the bell doesn't work-dd-)" -- sign on door of repair shop . "a verbal contract is not worth the paper it's written on-dd-" -- samuel goldwyn . "facts are stupid things-dd-" -- ronald reagan, former u-dd-s-dd- president . "i never comment on referees and i'm not going to break the habit of a lifetime for that prat-dd-" -- ron atkinson . "solutions are not the answer-dd-" -- richard nixon, former u-dd-s-dd- president . "reports are sketchy, but we have heard that in the first heart transplant operation in belgium, both patient and donor are doing fine-dd-" -- radio news announcer . "i knew i was an unwanted baby when i saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio-dd-" -- joan rivers . "i don't feel we did wrong in taking this great country away from them-dd- there were great numbers of people who needed new land, and the indians were selfishly trying to keep it for themselves-dd-" -- john wayne, actor . "happiness is your dentist telling you it won't hurt and then having him catch his hand in the drill-dd-" -- johnny carson . "a dentist at work in his vocation always looks down in the mouth-dd-" -- george d-dd- prentice . "every tooth in a man's head is more valuable than a diamond-dd-" -- miguel de cervantes, don quixote, 1605 . "if suffering brought wisdom, the dentist�s office would be full of luminous ideas-dd-" -- mason cooley . "you don't have to brush your teeth - just the ones you want to keep-dd-" -- unknown . "some tortures are physical and some are mental, but the one that is both is dental-dd-" -- ogden nash . "too many of today's children have straight teeth and crooked morals-dd-" -- unknown high school principal . "the man with a toothache thinks everyone happy whose teeth are sound-dd-" -- george bernard shaw . "dentist: a prestidigitator who, putting metal into your mouth, pulls coin out of your pocket-dd-" -- ambrose bierce . "i find that most men would rather have their bellies opened for five hundred dollars than have a tooth pulled for five-dd-" -- martin h-dd- fischer . "for there was never yet philosopher that could endure the toothache patiently-dd- -- william shakespeare, much ado about nothing . "we do have a zeal for laughter in most situations, give or take a dentist-dd-" -- joseph heller . "even pearls are dark before the whiteness of his teeth-dd-" -- william r-dd- alger . "if a patient cannot clean his teeth, no dentist can clean them for him-dd-" -- martin h-dd- fischer . "an aching tooth is better out than in-dd- to lose a rotting member is a gain-dd-" -- richard baxter, poetical fragments . "my health plan doesn't cover dental, so i enrolled my teeth as 32 dependents, each needing a complete physical once a year-dd-" -- robert brault, www-dd-robertbrault-dd-com . "a man loses his illusions first, his teeth second, and his follies last-dd-" -- helen rowland . "there are two things in life that a sage must preserve at every sacrifice, the coats of his stomach and the enamel of his teeth-dd- some evils admit of consolations, but there are no comforters for dyspepsia and the toothache-dd-" -- henry lytton bulwer . "you know, sometimes a man just can't satisfy all of a woman's desires-dd- which is why god invented dental floss-dd-" -- author unknown . "adam and eve had many advantages, but the principal one was that they escaped teething-dd-" -- mark twain . "the tongue is ever turning to the aching tooth-dd-" -- thomas fuller . "some old women and men grow bitter with age; the more their teeth drop out, the more biting they get-dd-" -- george d-dd- prentice . "i had very good dentures once-dd- some magnificent gold work-dd- it's the only form of jewelry a man can wear that women fully appreciate-dd-" -- graham greene . "i'm always amazed to hear of air crash victims so badly mutilated that they have to be identified by their dental records-dd- what i can't understand is, if they don't know who you are, how do they know who your dentist is-qq-" -- paul merton . "tooth decay was a perennial national problem that meant a mouthful of silver for patients, and for dentists a pocketful of gold-dd-" -- claudia wallis . "teeth extracted by the latest methodists-dd-" -- hong kong dental advertisement . "if it weren't for electricity we'd all be watching television by candlelight-dd-" -- george gobel . "there is no housing shortage in lincoln today - just a rumour that is put about by people who have nowhere to live-dd-" -- g-dd-l-dd- murfin, mayor of lincoln . "you mean they've scheduled yom kippur opposite charlie's angels-qq-" -- fred silverman, tv programmer, when told that yom kippur would fall on a wednesday-dd- . "beyond its entertainment value, baywatch has enriched and, in many cases, helped save lives-dd- i'm looking forward to the opportunity to continue with a project which has has such a significance for so many-dd-" -- david hasselhoff, actor . "many people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "many a man will have the courage to die gallantly, but will not have the courage to say, or even to think, that the cause for which he is asked to die is an unworthy one-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "liberty is the right to do what i like; license, the right to do what you like-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "it is preoccupation with possessions, more than anything else, that prevents us from living freely and nobly-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "in america everybody is of the opinion that he has no social superiors, since all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors, for, from the time of jefferson onward, the doctrine that all men are equal applies only upwards, not downwards-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "if there were in the world today any large number of people who desired their own happiness more than they desired the unhappiness of others, we could have a paradise in a few years-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "i've made an odd discovery-dd- every time i talk to a savant i feel quite sure that happiness is no longer a possibility-dd- yet when i talk with my gardener, i'm convinced of the opposite-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "i think we ought always to entertain our opinions with some measure of doubt-dd- i shouldn't wish people dogmatically to believe any philosophy, not even mine-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "i remain convinced that obstinate addiction to ordinary language in our private thoughts is one of the main obstacles to progress in philosophy-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "freedom in general may be defined as the absence of obstacles to the realization of desires-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "democracy is the process by which people choose the man who'll get the blame-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "a lot of these people who keep a gun at home for safety are the same ones who refuse to wear a seat belt-dd-" -- george carlin . "new programmers are drawn to multithreading like moths to flame, with similar results-dd-" -- tweet by danny thorpe . "heck, i don't age in my mind - people around me just keep getting younger-dd- :^)" -- van swofford in e-dd-p-dd-delphi-dd-non-technical . "the clue train passed his station without stopping-dd-" -- john simmons / outlaw programmer . "real programmers just throw a bunch of 1s and 0s at the computer to see what sticks" -- pete o'hanlon . "not only do you continue to babble nonsense, you can't even correctly remember the nonsense you babbled just minutes ago-dd-" -- rob graham . acton's law: power tends to corrupt; absolute power corrupts absolutely-dd- . albrecht's law: social innovations tend to the level of minimum tolerable well-being-dd- . allen's (or cann's) axiom: when all else fails, read the instructions-dd- . boren's first law: when in doubt, mumble-dd- . bo diddeley's observation on the law: always take a lawyer with you, and bring another lawyer to watch him-dd- . bove's theorem: the remaining work to finish in order to reach your goal increases as the deadline approaches-dd- . bowie's theorem: if an experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment-dd- . brilliant's observation on modern art: not all our artists are playing a joke on the public-dd- some are genuinely mad-dd- . brilliant's law of limited ambition: if you can't learn how to do it well, learn how to enjoy doing it poorly-dd- . brook's law: adding manpower to a late software project makes it later-dd- . canada bill jones' motto: it's morally wrong to allow naive end users to keep their money-dd- . cann's (or allen's) axiom: when all else fails, read the instructions-dd- . carlson's consolation: nothing is ever a complete failure; it can always serve as a bad example-dd- . clarke's third law: any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic-dd- . cohn's law: the more time you spend in reporting on what you are doing, the less time you have to do anything-dd- stability is achieved when you spend all your time reporting on the nothing you are doing-dd- . conway's law: in any organization there will always be one person who knows what is going on-dd- this person must be fired-dd- . law of continuity: experiments should be reproducible-dd- they should all fail in the same way-dd- . correspondence corollary: an experiment may be considered a success if no more than half of your data must be discarded to obtain correspondence with your theory-dd- . cropp's law: the amount of work done varies inversely with the amount of time spent in the office-dd- . cutler webster's law: there are two sides to every argument, unless a person is personally involved, in which case there is only one-dd- . deadline-dan's demo demonstration: the higher the "higher-ups" are who've come to see your demo, the lower your chances are of giving a successful one-dd- . deadline-dan's demon: every task takes twice as long as you think it will take-dd- if you double the time you think it will take, it will actually take four times as long-dd- . demian's observation: there is always one item on the screen menu that is mislabeled and should read "abandon hope all ye who enter here"-dd- . denniston's law: virtue is its own punishment-dd- . dow's law: in a hierarchical organization, the higher the level, the greater the confusion-dd- . dr-dd- caligari's come-back: a bad sector disk error occurs only after you've done several hours of work without performing a backup-dd- . estridge's law: no matter how large and standardized the marketplace is, ibm can redefine it-dd- . finagle's laws: . 1-dd- once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it makes it worse-dd- 2-dd- no matter what results are expected, someone is always willing to fake it-dd- 3-dd- no matter what the result, someone is always eager to misinterpret it-dd- 4-dd- no matter what occurs, someone believes it happened according to his pet theory-dd- . finagle's rules: . 1-dd- to study an application best, understand it thoroughly before you start-dd- 2-dd- always keep a record of data-dd- it indicates you've been working-dd- 3-dd- always draw your curves, then plot the reading-dd- 4-dd- in case of doubt, make it sound convincing-dd- 5-dd- program results should always be reproducible-dd- they should all fail in the same way-dd- 6-dd- do not believe in miracles-dd- rely on them-dd- . finagle's law of government contracting: dealing with the government is like kicking a 300-pound sponge-dd- . finagle's law of military superiority: the bigger they are the harder they hit-dd- . finster's law: a closed mouth gathers no feet-dd- . first rule of history: history doesn't repeat itself -- historians merely repeat each other-dd- . flo capp's observation: the next best thing to doing something smart is not doing something stupid-dd- . franklin's rule: blessed is the end user who expects nothing, for he/she will not be disappointed-dd- . gilb's laws of unreliability: . 1-dd- at the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer-dd- 2-dd- any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable-dd- 3-dd- undetectable errors are infinite in variety, in contrast to detectable errors, which by definition are limited-dd- 4-dd- investment in reliability will increase until it exceeds the probable cost of errors, or until someone insists on getting some useful work done-dd- . ginsberg's theorem: . 1-dd- you can't win-dd- 2-dd- you can't break even-dd- 3-dd- you can't even quit the game-dd- . glyme's formula for success: the secret of success is sincerity-dd- once you can fake that, you've got it made-dd- . goebel's law of useless difficulty: just because it's hard doesn't mean it's worth the effort-dd- . goebel's second law of useless difficulty: the fastest way to get something done is to determine that it isn't worth doing-dd- . goebel's law of computer support: troubleshooting a computer over the telephone is like having sex through a hole in a board fence-dd- it can be done but it is neither easy nor pleasant-dd- . goebel's law of software compatibility: a statement of absolute functional equivalence made in bold print followed by several pages of qualifications is fine-dd- . goebel's theorem of software schedules: always multiply a software schedule by pi-dd- this is because you think you're going in a straight line but always end up going full circle-dd- . goebel's law of product introductions: a future product release date does not say when a product will be introduced-dd- all it says it that you don't have a chance in hell of seeing it before that time-dd- . goebel's observation on utopia: if everyone believed in peace they would immediately begin fighting over the best way to achieve it-dd- . goebel's law of intellectual obscurity: what fun is it to be an expert if you make yourself easy to understand-qq- . the golden rule of arts and sciences: whoever has the gold makes the rules-dd- . gold's law: if the shoe fits, it's ugly-dd- . gordon's first law: if a research project is not worth doing at all, it is not worth doing well-dd- . government's law: there is an exception to all laws-dd- . green's law of debate: anything is possible if you don't know what you're talking about-dd- . gummidges's law: the amount of expertise varies in inverse proportion to the number of statements understood by the general public-dd- . gumperson's law: the probability of a given event occurring is inversely proportional to its desirability-dd- . hanlon's razor: never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity-dd- . harp's corollary to estridge's law: your "ibm pc-compatible" computer grows more incompatible with every passing moment-dd- . harrison's postulate: for every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism-dd- . heller's law: the first myth of management is that it exists-dd- . hind's law of computer programming: . 1-dd- any given program, when running, is obsolete-dd- 2-dd- if a program is useful, it will have to be changed-dd- 3-dd- if a program is useless, it will have to be documented-dd- 4-dd- any given program will expand to fill all available memory-dd- 5-dd- the value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output-dd- 6-dd- program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of the programmer who must maintain it-dd- 7-dd- make it possible for programmers to write programs in english, and you will find that programmers cannot write in english-dd- . hoare's law of large programs: inside every large program is a small program struggling to get out-dd- . hubbard's law: don't take life too seriously; you won't get out of it alive-dd- . jenkinson's law: it won't work-dd- . johnson-laird's law: toothache tends to start on saturday night-dd- . larkinson's law: all laws are basically false-dd- . the last one's law of program generators: a program generator creates programs that are more "buggy" than the program generator-dd- . lieberman's law: everybody lies; but it doesn't matter, since nobody listens-dd- . lynch's law: when the going gets tough, everyone leaves-dd- . mason's first law of synergism: the one day you'd sell you soul for something, souls are a glut-dd- . may's law: the quality of correlation is inverely proportional to the density of control-dd- (the fewer the data points, the smoother the curves-dd-) . mencken's law: there is always an easy answer to every human problem -- neat, plausible, and wrong-dd- . meskimen's law: there's never time to do it right, but always time to do it over-dd- . muir's law: when we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe-dd- . murphy's laws: 1-dd- if anything can go wrong, it will (and at the worst possible moment)-dd- 2-dd- nothing is as easy as it looks-dd- 3-dd- everything takes longer than you think it will-dd- . murphy's fourth law: if there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong-dd- . murphy's law of thermodynamics: things get worse under pressure-dd- . ninety-ninety rule of project schedules: the first ninety percent of the task takes ninety percent of the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety percent-dd- . nixon's theorem: the man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone he can blame it on-dd- . nolan's placebo: an ounce of image is worth a pound of performance-dd- . oliver's law of location: no matter where you are, there you are-dd- . o'reilly's law of the kitchen: cleanliness is next to impossible-dd- . osborn's law: variables won't, constants aren't-dd- . o'toole's commentary on murphy's law: murphy was an optimist-dd- . parkinson's law: work expands to fill the time available for its completion-dd- . parkinson's law, modified: the components you have will expand to fill the available space-dd- . peer's law: the solution to a problem changes the problem-dd- . peter's principle: in every hierarchy, each employee tends to rise to the level of his incompetence-dd- . the law of the perversity of nature: you cannot determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter-dd- . pudder's law: anything that begins well will end badly-dd- (note: the converse of pudder's law is not true-dd-) . rhode's corollary to hoare's law: inside every complex and unworkable program is a useful routine struggling to be free-dd- . robert e-dd- lee's truce: judgement comes from experience; experience comes from poor judgement-dd- . rudin's law: in a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative courses of action, people tend to choose the worst possible course-dd- . rule of accuracy: when working toward the solution of a problem it always helps you to know the answer-dd- . ryan's law: make three correct guesses consecutively and you will establish yourself as an expert-dd- . sattinger's law: it works better if you plug it in-dd- . sausage principle: people who love sausage and respect the law should never watch either one being made-dd- . shaw's principle: build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will want to use it-dd- . snafu equations: . 1-dd- given any problem containing n equations, there will be n+1 unknowns-dd- 2-dd- an object or bit of information most needed will be least available-dd- 3-dd- any device requiring service or adjustment will be least accessible-dd- 4-dd- interchangeable devices won't-dd- 5-dd- in any human endeavor, once you have exhausted all possibilities and fail, there will be one solution, simple and obvious, highly visible to everyone else-dd- 6-dd- badness comes in waves-dd- . stewart's law of retroaction: it is easier to get forgiveness than permission-dd- . thoreau's theories of adaptation: . 1-dd- after months of training and you finally understand all of a program's commands, a revised version of the program arrives with an all-new command structure-dd- 2-dd- after designing a useful routine that gets around a familiar "bug" in the system, the system is revised, the "bug" taken away, and you're left with a useless routine-dd- 3-dd- efforts in improving a program's "user friendliness" invariable lead to work in improving user's "computer literacy"-dd- 4-dd- that's not a "bug", that's a feature-xx- . thyme's law: everything goes wrong at once-dd- . the law of the too solid goof: in any collection of data, the figures that are obviously correct beyond all need of checking contain the errors-dd- . corollary 1: no one you ask for help will see the error either-dd- . corollary 2: any nagging intruder, who stops by with unsought advice, will spot it immediately-dd- . unnamed law: if it happens, it must be possible-dd- . weiler's law: nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do the work-dd- . weinberg's corollary: an expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping on to the grand fallacy-dd- . weinberg's law: if builders built buildings the way programmers write programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization-dd- . whitehead's law: the obvious answer is always overlooked-dd- . wilcox's law: a pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants-dd- . wood's axiom: as soon as a still-to-be-finished computer task becomes a life-or-death situation, the power fails-dd- . woodward's law: a theory is better than its explanation-dd- . zymurgy's first law of evolving system dynamics: once you open a can of worms, the only way to recan them is to use a larger can-dd- . laws of project management: . 1-dd- no major project is ever installed on time, within budgets, with the staff that started it-dd- yours will not be the first-dd- 2-dd- projects progress quickly until they become 90 percent complete, then they remain at 90 percent complete forever-dd- 3-dd- one advantage of fuzzy project objectives is that they let you avoid the embarrassment of estimating the corresponding costs-dd- 4-dd- when things are going well, something will go wrong-dd- when things just can't get any worse, they will-dd- when things appear to be going better you have overlooked something-dd- 5-dd- if project content is allowed to change freely, the rate of change will exceed the rate of progress-dd- 6-dd- no system is ever completely debugged-dd- attempts to debug a system inevitably introduce new bugs that are even harder to find-dd- 7-dd- a carelessly planned project will take three times longer to complete than expected; a carefully planned project will take only twice as long-dd- 8-dd- project teams detest progress reporting because it vividly manifests their lack of progress-dd- . "you can't rush good cooking, you can't rush babies out, and you can't rush software development"-dd- -- unknown . "to eat well in england, you should have breakfast three times a day-dd-" -- w-dd- somerset maugham, 1925 . "maybe her popularity stems from the fact that watching her is sometimes like watching a train wreck-dd-" -- john mccain's daughter meghan about ann coulter . "do you ever wake up in the middle of the night and just think to yourself, 'i am just full of hot gas-qq-'" -- david letterman to rush limbaugh . "i told my wife that i had a living will: i do not wish to be fed liquids from a bottle and hooked to a machine-dd- so she turned off the tv and threw away the beer-dd-" -- bob hipsley . "the only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable-dd-" -- john kenneth galbraith . "the government of the united states is in no sense founded on the christian religion-dd-" -- george washington "i do not find in christianity one redeeming feature-dd-" -- thomas jefferson "the bible is not my book, nor christianity my religion-dd-" -- abraham lincoln "a just government has no need for the clergy or the church-dd-" -- james madison "i believe in an america where religious intolerance will someday end-dd--dd--dd- where every man has the same right to attend or not attend the church of his choice-dd-" -- john f-dd- kennedy "we are a nation of christians and muslims, jews and hindus -- and nonbelievers-dd-" -- barack obama . "if you can't be a good example, then you'll just have to serve as a horrible warning-dd-" -- catherine aird . "and the users exclaimed with a laugh and a taunt: 'it's just what we asked for but not what we want-dd-'" . "i really hate this damned machine i wish that they would sell it-dd- it never does quite what i want but only what i tell it-dd-" . "if the lessons of history teach us anything it is that nobody learns the lessons that history teaches us-dd-" . "real computer scientists despise the idea of actual hardware-dd- hardware has limitations, software doesn't-dd- it's a real shame that turing machines are so poor at i/o-dd-" . "sufficiently advanced incompetence is indistinguishable from malice-dd-" . "the six phases of a project:" o enthusiasm o disillusionment o panic o search for the guilty o punishment of the innocent o praise for non-participants" . "theory is when you know something, but it doesn't work-dd- practice is when something works, but you don't know why-dd- programmers combine theory and practice: nothing works and they don't know why-dd-" . "if there's one thing worse than a program that doesn't work when it should, it's a program that does work when it shouldn't-dd-" -- bob archer . "there's a fine line between being on the leading edge and being in the lunatic fringe-dd-" -- frank armstrong . "once a new technology starts rolling, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road-dd-" -- stewart brand . "einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because god is not capricious or arbitrary-dd- no such faith comforts the software engineer-dd-" -- fred brooks . "good judgement comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgement-dd-" -- fred brooks . "plan to throw one away, you will anyhow-dd-" -- fred brooks . "-dd--dd--dd-well over half of the time you spend working on a project (on the order of 70 percent) is spent thinking, and no tool, no matter how advanced, can think for you-dd- consequently, even if a tool did everything except the thinking for you -- if it wrote 100 percent of the code, wrote 100 percent of the documentation, did 100 percent of the testing, burned the cd-roms, put them in boxes, and mailed them to your customers -- the best you could hope for would be a 30 percent improvement in productivity-dd- in order to do better than that, you have to change the way you think-dd-" -- fred brooks [paraphrased] as quoted from allen holub's http://www-dd-javaworld-dd-com/javaworld/jw-07-1999/jw-07-toolbox-dd-html . "the act of focusing our mightiest intellectual resources on the elusive goal of goto-less programs has helped us get our minds off all those really tough and possibly unresolvable problems and issues with which today's professional programmer would otherwise have to grapple-dd-" -- john brown . "the first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time-dd- the remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time-dd-" -- tom cargill . "-dd--dd--dd- the cost of adding a feature isn't just the time it takes to code it-dd- the cost also includes the addition of an obstacle to future expansion-dd- -dd--dd--dd- the trick is to pick the features that don't fight each other-dd-" -- john carmack . "trying to get into the details seems to be a religious issue -- nearly everybody is convinced that every style but their own is ugly and unreadable-dd- leave out the "but their own" and they're probably right-dd--dd--dd-" -- jerry coffin on indentation . "the behavior of any bureaucratic organization can best be understood by assuming that it is controlled by a secret cabal of its enemies-dd-" -- robert conquest's second law of politics . "c++ tries to guard against murphy, not machiavelli-dd-" -- damian conway . "organizations which design systems are constrained to produce designs which are copies of the communication structures of these organizations-dd- (for example, if you have four groups working on a compiler, you'll get a 4-pass compiler)" -- conway's law . "programmers are in a race with the universe to create bigger and better idiot-proof programs, while the universe is trying to create bigger and better idiots-dd- so far the universe is winning-dd-" -- rich cook . "it has been said that the great scientific disciplines are examples of giants standing on the shoulders of other giants-dd- it has also been said that the software industry is an example of midgets standing on the toes of other midgets-dd-" -- alan cooper about face . "style distinguishes excellence from accomplishment-dd-" -- james coplien . "learning is not compulsory-dd- neither is survival-dd-" -- w-dd- edwards deming . "to iterate is human, to recurse divine-dd-" -- l-dd- peter deutsch . "just because the standard provides a cliff in front of you, you are not necessarily required to jump off it-dd-" -- norman diamond . "a most important, but also most elusive, aspect of any tool is its influence on the habits of those who train themselves in its use-dd- if the tool is a programming language this influence is, whether we like it or not, an influence on our thinking habits-dd-" -- edsger dijkstra . "it is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to basic; as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration-dd-" -- edsger dijkstra . "simplicity is prerequisite for reliability" -- edsger w-dd- dijkstra . "the competent programmer is fully aware of the strictly limited size of his own skull; therefore he approaches the programming task in full humility, and among other things he avoids clever tricks like the plague-dd-" -- edsger dijkstra . "any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else-dd-" -- eagleson's law . "do not worry about your difficulties in mathematics-dd- i can assure you that mine are still greater-dd-" -- albert einstein . "make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler-dd-" -- albert einstein . "two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and i'm not sure about the universe-dd-" -- albert einstein . "i have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable-dd-" -- dwight eisenhower . "a foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines-dd-" -- ralph waldo emerson . "for a sucessful technology, honesty must take precedence over public relations for nature cannot be fooled-dd-" -- richard feynman . "the first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool-dd-" -- richard feynman . "the inside of a computer is as dumb as hell but it goes like mad-xx-" -- richard feynman . "you can know the name of a bird in all the languages of the world, but when you're finished, you'll know absolutely nothing whatever about the bird-dd--dd--dd- so let's look at the bird and see what it's doing -- that's what counts-dd- i learned very early the difference between knowing the name of something and knowing something-dd-" -- richard feynman . "one of the main causes of the fall of the roman empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their c programs-dd-" -- robert firth . "there is not now, nor has there ever been, nor will there ever be, any programming language in which it is the least bit difficult to write bad code-dd-" -- flon's law . "comparing to another activity is useful if it helps you formulate questions, it's dangerous when you use it to justify answers-dd-" -- martin fowler . "simplicity carried to the extreme becomes elegance-dd-" -- jon franklin . "if you want a girlfriend, avoid working in the computer games industry like the plague-dd- if you work seven days a week, 15 hours a day for almost two years, with barely enough time for a pint, you have no time whatsoever for relationships-dd- plus computer-games makers are regarded as being about as hip and cool as abattoir workers-dd-" -- toby gard, creator of lara croft-dd- . "measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight-dd-" -- bill gates . "good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having to think out every case-dd-" -- francis glassborow . "software obeys the law of gaseous expansion - it continues to grow until memory is completely filled-dd-" -- larry gleason . "an api that isn't comprehensible isn't usable-dd-" -- james gosling . "how the teacher reacts when something goes wrong tells the class what's important-dd-" -- bruce hamilton . "never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity-dd-" -- hanlon's razor . "the road to wisdom-qq-" well its plain and simple to express: err and err and err again, but less and less and less-dd-" -- piet hein . "moving parts in rubbing contact require lubrication to avoid excessive wear-dd- honorifics and formal politeness provide the lubrication where people rub together-dd- often the very young, the untraveled, the naive, the unsophisticated deplore these formalities as "empty," "meaningless," or "dishonest," and scorn to use them-dd- no matter how "pure" their motives, they thereby throw sand into machinery that does not work too well at best-dd-" -- robert a-dd- heinlein . "there are perhaps 5% of the population that simply *can't* think-dd- there are another 5% who *can*, and *do*-dd- the remaining 90% *can* think, but *don't*-dd-" -- robert a-dd- heinlein . "the open secrets of good design practice include the importance of knowing what to keep whole, what to combine, what to separate, and what to throw away-dd-" -- kevlin henny . "we are apt to shut our eyes against a painful truth-dd--dd--dd--dd- for my part, i am willing to know the whole truth; to know the worst; and to provide for it-dd-" -- patrick henry . "there are two ways of constructing a software design-dd- one way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies-dd- and the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies-dd-" -- c-dd-a-dd-r-dd- hoare . "the unavoidable price of reliability is simplicity-dd-" -- c-dd-a-dd-r-dd- hoare . "the ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak-dd-" -- hans hoffmann . "it always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account hofstadter's law-dd-" -- hofstadter's law . "it's not at all important to get it right the first time-dd- it's vitally important to get it right the last time-dd-" -- andrew hunt and david thomas . "rules of optimization:" rule 1: don't do it-dd- rule 2 (for experts only): don't do it yet-dd-" -- m-dd-a-dd- jackson . "before software can be reusable it first has to be usable-dd-" -- ralph johnson . "first, solve the problem-dd- then, write the code-dd-" -- john johnson . "it's so easy to become mesmerized by the immediacy of a result that you don't question its validity-dd-" -- naomi karten . "most software today is very much like an egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other, with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of slaves-dd-" -- alan kay . "perl is another example of filling a tiny, short-term need, and then being a real problem in the longer term-dd-" -- alan kay . "we are faced with an insurmountable opportunity-dd-" -- w-dd- kelley . "as we said in the preface to the first edition, c 'wears well as one's experience with it grows-dd-' with a decade more experience, we still feel that way-dd-" -- brian kernighan and dennis ritchie . "debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place-dd- therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it-dd-" -- brian w-dd- kernighan . "trying to outsmart a compiler defeats much of the purpose of using one-dd-" -- kernighan and plauger, the elements of programming style-dd- . "a charlatan makes obscure what is clear; a thinker makes clear what is obscure-dd-" -- hugh kingsmill . "-dd--dd--dd- the designer of a new system must not only be the implementor and the first large-scale user; the designer should also write the first user manual-dd- -dd--dd--dd- if i had not participated fully in all these activities, literally hundreds of improvements would never have been made, because i would never have thought of them or perceived why they were important-dd-" -- donald knuth . "any inaccuracies in this index may be explained by the fact that it has been sorted with the help of a computer-dd-" -- donald knuth sorting and searching . "beware of bugs in the above code; i have only proved it correct, not tried it-dd-" -- donald knuth . "computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind-dd-" -- donald knuth . "let us change our traditional attitude to the construction of programs-dd- instead of imagining that our main task is to instruct a computer what to do, let us concentrate rather on explaining to human beings what we want a computer to do-dd-" -- donald knuth . "tex has found at least one bug in every pascal compiler it's been run on, i think, and at least two in every c compiler-dd-" -- donald knuth . "the process of preparing programs for a digital computer is especially attractive, not only because it can be economically and scientifically rewarding, but also because it can be an aesthetic experience much like composing poetry or music-dd-" -- donald knuth . "these machines have no common sense; they have not yet learned to 'think', and they do exactly as they are told, no more and no less-dd- this fact is the hardest concept to grasp when one first tries to use a computer-dd-" -- donald knuth . "you're bound to be unhappy if you optimize everything-dd-" -- donald knuth . "programming can be fun, so can cryptography; however they should not be combined-dd-" -- kreitzberg and shneiderman . "the perfect project plan is possible if one first documents a list of all the unknowns-dd-" -- bill langley . "without stress nothing would move-dd-" -- bill langley . "but in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed, analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses-dd-" -- bruce leverett, register allocation in optimizing compilers . "there is nothing more difficult to carry out, nor more doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to handle, than to initiate a new order of things-dd- for the reformer has enemies in all those who profit by the old order, and only lukewarm defenders in all those who would profit by the new-dd--dd--dd-" -- niccolo macchiavelli, the prince . "if you want a product with certain characteristics, you must ensure that the team has those characteristics before the product's development-dd-" -- jim mccarthy and michele mccarthy - software for your head . "you can't have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families-dd-" -- jim mccarthy . "good code is its own best documentation-dd- as you're about to add a comment, ask yourself, 'how can i improve the code so that this comment isn't needed-qq-' improve the code and then document it to make it even clearer-dd-" -- steve mcconnell code complete . "it's hard enough to find an error in your code when you're looking for it; it's even harder when you've assumed your code is error-free-dd-" -- steve mcconnell code complete . "testing by itself does not improve software quality-dd- test results are an indicator of quality, but in and of themselves, they don't improve it-dd- trying to improve software quality by increasing the amount of testing is like trying to lose weight by weighing yourself more often-dd- what you eat before you step onto the scale determines how much you will weigh, and the software development techniques you use determine how many errors testing will find-dd- if you want to lose weight, don't buy a new scale; change your diet-dd- if you want to improve your software, don't test more; develop better-dd-" -- steve mcconnell code complete . "incompetents invariably make trouble for people other than themselves-dd-" -- larry mcmurtry . "for every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong-dd-" -- h l mencken . "haste is of the devil-dd- slowness is of god-dd-" -- h l mencken . "say what you will about the ten commandments, you must always come back to the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them-dd-" -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . "correctness is clearly the prime quality-dd- if a system does not do what it is supposed to do, then everything else about it matters little-dd-" -- bertrand meyer . "incorrect documentation is often worse than no documentation-dd-" -- bertrand meyer . "a non-virtual function says, you have to do this and you must do it this way-dd- a virtual function says you have to do this, but you don't have to do it this way-dd- that's their fundamental difference-dd-" -- scott meyers . "debugging a direct3d application can be challenging-dd-" -- microsoft's direct3d immediate mode overview-dd- . "unformed people delight in the gaudy and in novelty-dd- cooked people delight in the ordinary-dd-" -- erik naggum . "any fool can use a computer-dd- many do-dd-" -- ted nelson . "anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random numbers is, of course, in a state of sin-dd-" -- john von neumann . "there's no sense being exact about something if you don't even know what you're talking about-dd-" -- john von neumann . "that's the thing about people who think they hate computers-dd- what they really hate is lousy programmers-dd-" -- larry niven and jerry pournelle oath of fealty . "the truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it-dd-" -- flannery o'connor . "elegance is not optional" -- richard o'keefe . "the best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state" -- john ousterhout . "complexity kills-dd- it sucks the life out of developers, it makes products difficult to plan, build and test, it introduces security challenges and it causes end-user and administrator frustration-dd-" -- ray ozzie . "good code is short, simple, and symmetrical - the challenge is figuring out how to get there-dd-" -- sean parent . "alas, to wear the mantle of galileo it is not enough that you be persecuted by an unkind establishment, you must also be right-dd-" -- bob park . "copy and paste is a design error" -- david parnas . "every program has (at least) two purposes: the one for which it was written, and another for which it wasn't-dd-" -- alan j-dd- perlis . "there are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third works-dd-" -- alan j-dd- perlis . "when someone says, 'i want a programming language in which i need only say what i want done', give him a lollipop-dd-" -- alan perlis . "some problems are so complex that you have to be highly intelligent and well informed just to be undecided about them-dd-" -- laurence j-dd- peter . "the most amazing achievement of the computer software industry is its continuing cancellation of the steady and staggering gains made by the computer hardware industry-dd-" -- henry petroski . "computers are useless-dd- they can only give you answers-dd-" -- pablo picasso . "technology is dominated by two types of people: those who understand what they do not manage-dd- those who manage what they do not understand-dd-" -- putt's law . "ugly programs are like ugly suspension bridges: they're much more liable to collapse than pretty ones, because the way humans (especially engineer-humans) perceive beauty is intimately related to our ability to process and understand complexity-dd- a language that makes it hard to write elegant code makes it hard to write good code-dd-" -- eric s-dd- raymond . "php is a minor evil perpetrated and created by incompetent amateurs, whereas perl is a great and insidious evil, perpetrated by skilled but perverted professionals-dd-" -- jon ribbens . "unix is simple-dd- it just takes a genius to understand its simplicity-dd-" -- dennis ritchie . "we only acknowledge small faults in order to make it appear that we are free from great ones-dd-" -- la rochefoucauld . "even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there-dd-" -- will rogers . "the trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "a mathematician is a machine for turning coffee into theorems-dd-" -- alfr�d r�nyi (also attributed to paul erd�s) . "you know you've achieved perfection in design, not when you have nothing more to add, but when you have nothing more to take away-dd-" -- antoine de saint-exupery, wind, sand and stars . "fashion is something barbarous, for it produces innovation without reason and imitation without benefit-dd-" -- george santayana . "those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it-dd-" -- george santayana . "if the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong-dd-" -- attributed to norm schryer . "it is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends on his not understanding it-dd-" -- upton sinclair . "when you start off by telling those who disagree with you that they are not merely in error but in sin, how much of a dialogue do you expect -qq-"" -- thomas sowell . "if you lie to the compiler, it will get its revenge-dd-" -- henry spencer . "without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty text file-dd-" -- louis srygley . "the primary duty of an exception handler is to get the error out of the lap of the programmer and into the surprised face of the user-dd- provided you keep this cardinal rule in mind, you can't go far wrong-dd-" -- verity stob . "we are tied down to a language which makes up in obscurity what it lacks in style-dd-" -- tom stoppard . "a notation is important for what it leaves out-dd-" -- joseph stoy . "an organisation that treats its programmers as morons will soon have programmers that are willing and able to act like morons only-dd-" -- bjarne stroustrup . "i did say something along the lines of 'c makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot; c++ makes it harder, but when you do, it blows your whole leg off-dd-'" -- bjarne stroustrup . "i have always wished that my computer would be as easy to use as my telephone-dd- my wish has come true-dd- i no longer know how to use my telephone-dd-" -- bjarne stroustrup . "the most important single aspect of software development is to be clear about what you are trying to build-dd-" -- bjarne stroustrup . "to many managers, getting rid of the arrogant, undisciplined, over-paid, technology-obsessed, improperly-dressed etc-dd- programmers would appear to be a significant added benefit-dd-" -- bjarne stroustrup the c++ programming language 3e, section 24-dd-2-dd-4 . "exceptions relieve the programmer of tedious writing boilerplate code -- without removing the semantics of said code -- and they allow the programmer to arrange the code so that error handling code is more separate from the main program logic-dd-" -- herb sutter . "a multithreaded file system is only a performance hack-dd-" -- prof-dd- andrew s-dd- tanenbaum . "i've finally learned what "upward compatible" means-dd- it means we get to keep all our old mistakes-dd-" -- dennie van tassel . "there are only two industries that refer to their customers as 'users'-dd-" -- edward tufte . "lord, give us the wisdom to utter words that are gentle and tender, for tomorrow we may have to eat them-dd-" -- rep-dd- morris udall . "simplicity is the ultimate sophistication-dd-" -- leonardo da vinci . "the best is the enemy of the good-dd-" -- voltaire . "most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer-dd- there are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris-dd-" -- larry wall . "we all agree on the necessity of compromise-dd- we just can't agree on when it's necessary to compromise-dd-" -- larry wall . "power is the ability to control things, moral authority is the ability to change things" -- jim wallis . "when one is postulating correlations or causations extant in reality, one should always remember that the human brain is mainly a pattern recognition engine-dd- and it is such a persistent pattern recognition engine that it often perceives patterns where none exist-dd-" -- jeff walther . "the pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails-dd-" -- william arthur ward . "they always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself-dd-" -- andy warhol . "if builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilisation-dd-" -- gerald weinberg . "naturally we feel that mentally ill people are not what we are looking for when we hire programmers - although there is no empirical data to support or contradict that view-dd--dd--dd- is it appropriate to give tests for mental illness to anyone applying for any kind of job-qq-" -- weinberg the psychology of computer programming . "as soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn't as easy to get programs right as we had thought-dd- debugging had to be discovered-dd- i can remember the exact instant when i realized that a large part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in my own programs-dd-" -- maurice wilkes discovers debugging, 1949 . "increasingly, people seem to misinterpret complexity as sophistication, which is baffling - the incomprehensible should cause suspicion rather than admiration-dd- possibly this trend results from a mistaken belief that using a somewhat mysterious device confers an aura of power on the user-dd-" -- niklaus wirth . "more computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason - including blind stupidity-dd-" -- w-dd-a-dd- wulf . "if you think your management doesn't know what it's doing or that your organisation turns out low-quality software crap that embarrasses you, then leave-dd-" -- edward yourdon rise and resurrection of the american programmer . "the purpose of software engineering is to control complexity, not to create it-dd-" -- dr-dd- pamela zave . "some people, when confronted with a problem, think 'i know, i'll use regular expressions-dd-' now they have two problems-dd-" -- jamie zawinski . "if you plan to throw one away, you will throw away two-dd-" -- craig zerouni . "debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place-dd- therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it-dd-" -- brian kernighan . "the city's central computer told you-qq- r2d2, you know better than to trust a strange computer-xx-" -- c3po . "always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live-dd-" -- martin golding . "i don't care if it works on your machine-xx- we are not shipping your machine-xx-" -- vidiu platon . "if mcdonalds were run like a software company, one out of every hundred big macs would give you food poisoning, and the response would be, 'we're sorry, here's a coupon for two more-dd-'" -- mark minasi . "a computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history - with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila-dd-" -- mitch radcliffe . "the best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit-dd-" . "mr-dd- madison, what you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things i have ever heard-dd- at no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought-dd- everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it-dd- i award you no points, and may god have mercy on your soul-dd-" -- from movie billy madison . "there are, it has been said, two types of people in the world-dd- there are those who, when presented with a glass that is exactly half full, say: this glass is half full-dd- and then there are those who say: this glass is half empty-dd- the world belongs, however, to those who can look at the glass and say: what's up with this glass-qq- excuse me-qq- excuse me-qq- this is my glass-qq- i don't think so-dd- my glass was full-xx- and it was a bigger glass-xx-" -- terry pratchett, (the truth) . 'what our ancestors would really be thinking, if they were alive today, is: "why is it so dark in here-qq-"' -- terry pratchett, (pyramids) . "the trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it-dd-" -- terry pratchett (diggers) . 'that seems to point up a significant difference between europeans and americans-dd- a european says: "i can't understand this, what's wrong with me-qq-" an american says: "i can't understand this, what's wrong with him-qq-"' -- terry pratchett . "some humans would do anything to see if it was possible to do it-dd- if you put a large switch in some cave somewhere, with a sign on it saying 'end-of-the-world switch-dd- please do not touch', the paint wouldn't even have time to dry-dd-" -- terry pratchett (thief of time) . "give a man a fire and he's warm for the day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life-dd-" -- terry pratchett (jingo) . "it is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die-dd- that is true, it's called life-dd-" -- terry pratchett (the last continent) . "if cats looked like frogs we'd realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are-dd- style-dd- that's what people remember-dd-" -- terry pratchett (lords and ladies) . "stories of imagination tend to upset those without one-dd-" -- terry pratchett . "in ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this-dd-" -- terry pratchett . "it's not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing it-dd-" -- terry pratchett . "time is a drug-dd- too much of it kills you-dd-" -- terry pratchett (small gods) . "i'll be more enthusiastic about encouraging thinking outside the box when there's evidence of any thinking going on inside it-dd-" -- terry pratchett . "in the beginning there was nothing, which exploded-dd-" -- terry pratchett (lords and ladies) . "wisdom comes from experience-dd- experience is often a result of lack of wisdom-dd-" -- terry pratchett . "no-xx- please-xx- i'll tell you whatever you want to know-xx-" the man yelled-dd- "really-qq-" said vimes-dd- "what's the orbital velocity of the moon-qq-" "what-qq-" "oh, you'd like something simpler-qq-" -- terry pratchett (night watch) . "real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time-dd-" -- terry pratchett (hogfather) . "five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind-dd-" -- terry pratchett (reaper man) . "if you have enough book space, i don't want to talk to you-dd-" -- terry pratchett . "coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving-dd-" -- terry pratchett (a hat full of sky) . "a good bookshop is just a genteel black hole that knows how to read-dd-" -- terry pratchett (guards-xx- guards-xx-) . "just erotic-dd- nothing kinky-dd- it's the difference between using a feather and using a chicken-dd-" -- terry pratchett (eric) . "i meant," said ipslore bitterly, "what is there in this world that truly makes living worthwhile-qq-" death thought about it-dd- "cats," he said eventually-dd- "cats are nice-dd-" -- terry pratchett (sourcery) . "it would seem that you have no useful skill or talent whatsoever,' he said-dd- 'have you thought of going into teaching-qq-" -- terry pratchett (mort) . "i'd rather be a climbing ape than a falling angel-dd-" -- terry pratchett . "don't think of it as dying, said death-dd- just think of it as leaving early to avoid the rush-dd-" -- terry pratchett (good omens) . "there is a rumour going around that i have found god-dd- i think this is unlikely because i have enough difficulty finding my keys, and there is empirical evidence that they exist-dd-" -- terry pratchett . "the whole of life is just like watching a film-dd- only it's as though you always get in ten minutes after the big picture has started, and no-one will tell you the plot, so you have to work it out all yourself from the clues-dd-" -- terry pratchett (moving pictures) . "and what would humans be without love-qq-" "rare," said death-dd- -- terry pratchett (sourcery) . "he'd been wrong, there was a light at the end of the tunnel, and it was a flamethrower-dd-" -- terry pratchett (mort) . "his philosophy was a mixture of three famous schools -- the cynics, the stoics and the epicureans -- and summed up all three of them in his famous phrase, 'you can't trust any bugger further than you can throw him, and there's nothing you can do about it, so let's have a drink-dd-'" -- terry pratchett (small gods) . "if complete and utter chaos was lightning, then he'd be the sort to stand on a hilltop in a thunderstorm wearing wet copper armour and shouting 'all gods are bastards-xx-'" -- terry pratchett (the color of magic) . "she was already learning that if you ignore the rules people will, half the time, quietly rewrite them so that they don't apply to you-dd-" -- terry pratchett (equal rites) . "this isn't life in the fast lane, it's life in the oncoming traffic-dd-" -- terry pratchett . "fantasy is an exercise bicycle for the mind-dd- it might not take you anywhere, but it tones up the muscles that can-dd- of course, i could be wrong-dd-" -- terry pratchett . "always be wary of any helpful item that weighs less than its operating manual-dd-" -- terry pratchett (jingo) . "over the centuries, mankind has tried many ways of combating the forces of evil-dd--dd--dd- prayer, fasting, good works and so on-dd- up until doom, no one seemed to have thought about the double-barrel shotgun-dd- eat leaden death, demon-dd--dd--dd-" -- terry pratchett . "many people, meeting aziraphale for the first time, formed three impressions: that he was english, that he was intelligent, and that he was gayer than a treeful of monkeys on nitrous oxide-dd-" -- terry pratchett (good omens) . "the presence of those seeking the truth is infinitely to be preferred to the presence of those who think they've found it-dd-" -- terry pratchett (monstrous regiment) . "chaos is found in greatest abundance wherever order is being sought-dd- it always defeats order, because it is better organized-dd-" -- terry pratchett (interesting times) . "the three rules of the librarians of time and space are: 1) silence; 2) books must be returned by no later than the date shown; and 3) do not interfere with the nature of causality-dd-" -- terry pratchett (guards-xx- guards-xx-) . "studies have shown that an ant can carry one hundred times its own weight, but there is no known limit to the lifting power of the average tiny eighty-year-old spanish peasant grandmother-dd-" -- terry pratchett (reaper man) . "we who think we are about to die will laugh at anything-dd-" -- terry pratchett (night watch) . "there are, it has been said, two types of people in the world-dd- there are those who, when presented with a glass that is exactly half full, say: this glass is half full-dd- and then there are those who say: this glass is half empty-dd- the world belongs, however, to those who can look at the glass and say: what's up with this glass-qq- excuse me-qq- excuse me-qq- this is my glass-qq- i don't think so-dd- my glass was full-xx- and it was a bigger glass-xx- who's been pinching my beer-qq- and at the other end of the bar the world is full of the other type of person, who has a broken glass, or a glass that has been carelessly knocked over (usually by one of the people calling for a larger glass) or who had no glass at all, because he was at the back of the crowd and had failed to catch the barman's eye-dd- " -- terry pratchett (the truth) . "elves are wonderful-dd- they provoke wonder-dd- elves are marvellous-dd- they cause marvels-dd- elves are fantastic-dd- they create fantasies-dd- elves are glamorous-dd- they project glamour-dd- elves are enchanting-dd- they weave enchantment-dd- elves are terrific-dd- they beget terror-dd- the thing about words is that meanings can twist just like a snake, and if you want to find snakes look for them behind words that have changed their meaning-dd- no one ever said elves are nice-dd- elves are bad-dd-" -- terry pratchett (lords and ladies) . "i do note with interest that old women in my books become young women on the covers-dd--dd--dd- this is discrimination against the chronologically gifted-dd-" --terry pratchett . "albert grunted-dd- 'do you know what happens to lads who ask too many questions-qq-' mort thought for a moment-dd- 'no,' he said eventually, 'what-qq-' there was silence-dd- then albert straightened up and said, 'damned if i know-dd- probably they get answers, and serve 'em right-dd-'" -- terry pratchett (mort) . "it's still magic even if you know how it's done-dd-" -- terry pratchett (a hat full of sky) . "if there was anything that depressed him more than his own cynicism, it was that quite often it still wasn't as cynical as real life-dd-" -- terry pratchett (guards-xx- guards-xx-) . "insanity is catching-dd-" -- terry pratchett (making money) . "gods prefer simple, vicious games, where you do not achieve transcendence but go straight to oblivion; a key to the understanding of all religion is that a god's idea of amusement is snakes and ladders with greased rungs-dd-" -- terry pratchett (wyrd sisters) . "getting an education was a bit like a communicable sexual disease-dd- it made you unsuitable for a lot of jobs and then you had the urge to pass it on-dd-" -- terry pratchett (hogfather) . "he'd noticed that sex bore some resemblance to cookery: it fascinated people, they sometimes bought books full of complicated recipes and interesting pictures, and sometimes when they were really hungry they created vast banquets in their imagination - but at the end of the day they'd settle quite happily for egg and chips-dd- if it was well done and maybe had a slice of tomato-dd-" -- terry pratchett (the fifth elephant) . "the reason that the rich were so rich, vimes reasoned, was because they managed to spend less money-dd- . take boots, for example-dd- he earned thirty-eight dollars a month plus allowances-dd- a really good pair of leather boots cost fifty dollars-dd- but an affordable pair of boots, which were sort of ok for a season or two and then leaked like hell when the cardboard gave out, cost about ten dollars-dd- those were the kind of boots vimes always bought, and wore until the soles were so thin that he could tell where he was in ankh-morpork on a foggy night by the feel of the cobbles-dd- . but the thing was that good boots lasted for years and years-dd- a man who could afford fifty dollars had a pair of boots that'd still be keeping his feet dry in ten years' time, while the poor man who could only afford cheap boots would have spent a hundred dollars on boots in the same time and would still have wet feet-dd- . this was the captain samuel vimes 'boots' theory of socioeconomic unfairness-dd-" -- terry pratchett (men at arms) . "everything starts somewhere, though many physicists disagree-dd- but people have always been dimly aware of the problem with the start of things-dd- they wonder how the snowplough driver gets to work, or how the makers of dictionaries look up the spelling of words-dd-" -- terry pratchett (hogfather) . "for animals, the entire universe has been neatly divided into things to (a) mate with, (b) eat, (c) run away from, and (d) rocks-dd-" -- terry pratchett (equal rites) . "my experience in amsterdam is that cyclists ride where the hell they like and aim in a state of rage at all pedestrians while ringing their bell loudly, the concept of avoiding people being foreign to them-dd- . my dream holiday would be a) a ticket to amsterdam b) immunity from prosecution and c) a baseball bat-dd-" -- terry pratchett . "there's a door-dd-" "where does it go-qq-" "it stays where it is, i think-dd-" -- terry pratchett (eric) . "you don't elect politicians to commit crimes; you elect politicians to make your crimes legal-dd-" -- matt taibbi . "is your argument that the creator of the universe was working under a deadline and his manager forced him to rush inefficient designs into production-qq-" -- john b-dd- breckenridge in bpot . "the role of the president of the united states is to support the decisions that are made by the people of israel-dd- it is not up to us to pick and choose from among the political parties-dd-" -- former white house official ann lewis, representing hillary clinton-dd- wapo, mar 18, 2008-dd- . "if you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some-dd-" -- alan perlis . achtung-xx- alles lookenspeepers-xx- das computermachine ist nicht fuer gefingerpoken und mittengrabben-dd- ist easy schnappen der springenwerk, blowenfusen und poppencorken mit spitzensparken-dd- ist nicht fuer gewerken bei das dumpkopfen-dd- das rubbernecken sichtseeren keepen das cotten-pickenen hans in das pockets muss; relaxen und watchen das blinkenlichten-dd- -- from "the jargon file, version 2-dd-9-dd-9, 01 apr 1992 . "real programmers never work from 9 to 5-dd- if any real programmer is around at 9 a-dd-m-dd-, it's because they were up all night-dd-" -- some computer geek . "usenet is like a herd of performing elephants with diarrhea -- massive, difficult to redirect, awe-inspiring, entertaining, and a source of mind-boggling amounts of excrement when you least expect it-dd-" -- gene spafford . "hardware : the parts of a computer system that can be kicked-dd-" -- jeff pesis . "i have a spelling checker, it came with my pc; it plainly marks four my revue mistakes i cannot sea-dd- i've run this poem threw it, i'm sure your pleased too no, its letter perfect in it's weigh, my checker tolled me sew-dd-" -- janet minor, "spellbound" . "'uncle cosmo, why do they call this a word processor-qq-' 'it's simple, skyler-dd- you've seen what food processors do to food, right-qq-" -- macnelley, in "shoe" . "if it's there and you can see it - it's real-dd- if it's not there and you can see it - it's virtual-dd- if it's there and you can't see it - it's transparent-dd- if it's not there and you can't see it - you erased it-xx-" - scott hammer (an old ibm vm statement) . "crossposting isn't inherently evil, in the same sense that necrophilia doesn't really hurt anybody-dd- one wonders only whether it's appropriate to the occasion-dd-" -- rick gordon . "my suggestion for an official usenet motto: "if you have nothing to say, then come on in, this is the place for you, tell us all about it-xx-" -- hevard fosseng [quotation collector] . "the best way to accelerate a macintosh is at 9-dd-8 m/sec/sec-dd-" -- marcus dolengo . on the value of binary; the bible says: "but let your communication be yea, yea; nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil-dd-" -- (matthew 5:37) . "a distributed system is one in which the failure of a computer you didn't even know existed can render your own computer unusable-dd-" -- leslie lamport . "always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live-dd-" -- john f-dd- woods . "to err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so-dd-" -- robert orben . "a computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing-dd-" -- emo philips . "if computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee - that will do them in-dd-" . "a computer makes it possible to do, in half an hour, tasks which were completely unnecessary to do before-dd-" . "the most overlooked advantage of owning a computer is that if they foul up there's no law against whacking them around a bit-dd-" -- eric porterfield . "a computer is like an old testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy" -- joseph campbell . "two men were examining the output of the new computer in their department-dd- after an hour or so of analyzing the data, one of them remarked: 'do you realize it would take 400 men at least 250 years to make a mistake this big -qq-'" . "technology: no place for wimps-xx-" -- scott adams . "i would much prefer a government run bureaucracy than a for profit bureaucracy-dd- in the first i am at least a stakeholder-dd- in the latter i'm simply a cost-dd-" -- digby in her blog-dd- . "horatio stops by to say really obvious things slowly-dd-" -- from imdb synopsis for "csi: miami - won't get fueled again" . "'abstinence-only sex education' is a little like saying 'just-hold-it potty training'-dd-" -- roy zimmerman . "i hate you, i despise you, i loathe you-dd- everything about you disgusts me-dd- your ears, eyes, nose, mouth, tongue, legs, knees, stomach, ribs and bottom make me want to vomit up-dd- you're repulsive, loathsome, grotesque and insupportable-dd- i want to kill you, i want to twist your nipples off and throw them to the dogs-dd- you low corrosive lump of faecal horror; you maniac bastardly turd; i would rather drink stale urine from norman fowler's arse-pit than remain one moment longer in your defiling company; you're filth, you're cack, you're the ooze of a burst boil; i abominate you, you towering mound of corrupted slime; your every utterance is like the slithering hiss of a fat maggot in the guts of a decomposing rat; your face is fowler than the unwiped ring of satan's rectum-dd-" -- stephen fry, a bit of fry and laurie . "if economists were held in the same regard as medical practitioners, our courts would be overwhelmed with malpractice suits" -- unknown . "if all the economists in the world were laid end-to-end, they would still not reach a conclusion-dd-" -- unknown . "if all the girls from vassar were laid end-to-end, i wouldn't be surprised-dd-" -- dorothy parker . "i suppose that it takes a $1000/hour lawyer to write contracts that a $250/hour lawyer cannot find holes in-dd- -- john herbster in b-dd-p-dd-d-dd-non-technical . "the defense policy of the united states is based on a simple premise: the united states does not start fights-dd- we will never be an aggressor-dd-" -- ronald reagan . "war is wretched beyond description, and only a fool or a fraud could sentimentalize its cruel reality-dd-" -- senator john mccain . "criticism in a time of war is essential to the maintenance of any kind of democratic government-dd-" -- sen-dd- robert taft, (r) ohio . "we first fought-dd--dd--dd- in the name of religion, then communism, and now in the name of drugs and terrorism-dd- our excuses for global domination always change-dd-" -- serj tankian . "democracy is not an incident that happens overnight, nor a gift that america can give to the world-dd- it is a culture which needs peace to evolve-dd-" -- shirin ebadi, nobel peace laureate of iran . "a belligerent state permits itself every such misdeed, every such act of violence, as would disgrace the individual-dd-" -- sigmund freud . "civilization began the first time an angry person cast a word instead of a rock-dd-" -- sigmund freud . "if you live long enough, you'll see that every victory turns into a defeat-dd-" -- simone de beauvoir . "the great error of nearly all studies of war-dd--dd--dd- has been to consider war as an episode in foreign policies, when it is an act of interior politics-dd--dd--dd-" -- simone weil . "terrorism is the war of the poor, and war is the terrorism of the rich-dd-" -- sir peter ustinov . "in modern war there is no such thing as victor and vanquished-dd--dd--dd- there is only a loser, and the loser is mankind-dd-" -- u thant, burmese un secretary general . "if you kill one person you are a murderer-dd- if you kill ten people you are a monster-dd- if you kill ten thousand you are a national hero-dd-" -- vassilis epaminondou . "all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets-dd-" -- voltaire . "so long as the deceit ran along quiet and monotonous, all of us let ourselves be deceived, abetting it unawares or maybe through cowardice-dd--dd--dd-" -- william faulkner . "the cry has been that when war is declared, all opposition should be hushed-dd- a sentiment more unworthy of a free country could hardly be propagated-dd-" -- william ellery channing . "necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom-dd- it is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves-dd-" -- william pitt . "you can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake-dd-" -- jeanette rankin . "so apparently delphi now has both aristocrats [counts, cardinals] and dogs [pointers, setters] -dd--dd--dd- <g>" -- andrew fiddian-green in borland-dd-public-dd-delphi-dd-nativeapi-dd-win32 . "conservative politics is about simple solutions to complex problems, which usually involve pinning all the blame on someone else-dd- it doesn't matter whether they make any sense - they can be explained in several words, and sound best when yelled-dd-" -- michael warner in borland-dd-public-dd-off-topic . "i contend that we are both atheists-dd- i just believe in one fewer god than you do-dd- when you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why i dismiss yours-dd-" -- stephen roberts . "any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent-dd- it takes a touch of genius, and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction-dd-" -- albert einstein . "man is certainly stark mad: he cannot make a worm, yet he will make gods by the dozen-dd-" -- michel de montaigne . "civil disobedience, that's not our problem-dd- our problem is that people are obedient all over the world in the face of poverty and starvation and stupidity, and war, and cruelty-dd- our problem is that people are obedient while the jails are full of petty thieves, and all the while the grand thieves are running the country-dd- that's our problem-dd-" -- howard zinn . "men will never be free until the last king is strangled with the entrails of the last priest-dd-" -- denis diderot . "we, on our side, are praying to him to give us victory, because we believe we are right; but those on the other side pray to him, too, for victory, believing they are right-dd- what must he think of us-qq-" -- abraham lincoln . "invisible pink unicorns are beings of awesome mystical power-dd- we know this because they manage to be invisible and pink at the same time-dd- like all religions, the faith of the invisible pink unicorns is based upon both logic and faith-dd- we have faith that they are pink; we logically know that they are invisible because we can't see them-dd-" -- steve eley . "all great truths begin as blasphemies-dd-" -- george bernard shaw . "the injury we do and the one we suffer are not weighed in the same scale-dd-" -- aesop . "take only memories; leave nothing but footprints-dd-" -- chief seattle . "they made a wasteland and called it peace-dd-" -- tacitus . "the law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich, as well as the poor, to sleep under the bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread-dd-" -- anatole france . "the philosopher has never killed any priests, whereas the priest has killed a great many philosophers-dd-" -- denis diderot . "a terrorist is someone who has a bomb but can't afford an air force-dd-" -- william blum . "what you do speaks so loud that i cannot hear what you say-dd-" -- ralph waldo emerson . "a time will come when a politician who has willfully made war and promoted international dissension will be -dd--dd--dd- surer of the noose than a private homicide-dd-" -- h-dd- g-dd- wells . "a man's ethical behavior should be based effectually on sympathy, education, and social ties and needs; no religious basis is necessary-dd- man would indeed be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear of punishment and hope of reward after death-dd-" -- albert einstein . "disobedience, in the eyes of anyone who has read history, is man's original virtue-dd- it is through disobedience that progress has been made, through disobedience and through rebellion-dd-" -- oscar wilde . "when you philosophically oppose an entire power elite, you cannot help but sound like a conspiracy theorist-dd- social power is by nature a conspiracy-dd-" -- tom n . "because i do it with one small ship, i am called a terrorist (pirate-qq-)-dd- you do it with a whole fleet and are called an emperor-dd-" -- st-dd- augustine . "insanity in individuals is something rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule-dd-" -- nietzsche . "if you talk to god, you are praying-dd- if god talks to you, you have schizophrenia-dd-" -- thomas szasz . "every war when it comes, or before it comes, is represented not as a war but as an act of self-defense against a homicidal maniac-dd-" -- george orwell . "it was, of course, a lie what you read about my religious convictions, a lie which is being systematically repeated-dd- i do not believe in a personal god and i have never denied this but have expressed it clearly-dd- if something is in me which can be called religious, then it is the unbounded admiration for the structure of the world so far as our science can reveal it-dd-" -- albert einstein . "you know your god is man-made when he hates all the same people you do-dd-" -- [usenet] . "disobedience is the true foundation of liberty-dd- the obedient must be slaves-dd-" -- henry david thoreau . "one man's magic is another man's engineering-dd- supernatural is a null word-dd-" -- robert heinlein . "we must question the story logic of having an all-knowing all-powerful god, who creates faulty humans, and then blames them for his own mistakes-dd-" -- gene roddenberry . "the trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "as with the christian religion, the worst advertisement for socialism is its adherents-dd-" -- george orwell . "a conservative is a man who is too cowardly to fight and too fat to run-dd-" -- elbert hubbard . "religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich-dd-" -- napoleon . "never be deceived that the rich will allow you to vote away their wealth-dd-" -- lucy parsons . "if child molestation is actually your concern, how come we don't see bradley tanks knocking down catholic churches-qq-" -- bill hicks, 1993, referencing the waco siege . "do you see now that your self-righteousness was nothing more than breeding and years of privilege-qq- you know, we are one nation under a god-dd- yes, you were right-dd- an angry, crack slinging god who decorates with bullets and spent condoms, a blind god whose eyes are just like yours-dd-" -- solipsist by henry rollins . "religion, comprises a system of wishful illusions together with a disavowal of reality, such as we find in an isolated form nowhere else but in amentia, in a state of blissful hallucinatory confusion-dd-" -- sigmund freud . "the ink of the scholar is holier than the blood of the martyr-dd-" -- prophet muhammad . "which is it, is man one of god's blunders or is god one of man's-qq-" -- nietzsche . "the compulsion to do good is an innate american trait-dd- only north americans seem to believe that they always should, may, and actually can choose somebody with whom to share their blessings-dd- ultimately this attitude leads to bombing people into the acceptance of gifts-dd-" -- ivan illich . "-dd--dd--dd- the biggest detractors of communism and socialism always seem to want to embrace the worst excesses of both-dd-" -- <skullhunter> . "kill a man, and you are an assassin-dd- kill millions of men, and you are a conqueror-dd- kill everyone, and you are a god-dd-" -- jean rostand . "secular schools can never be tolerated because such schools have no religious instruction, and a general moral instruction without a religious foundation is built on air; consequently, all character training and religion must be derived from faith -dd--dd--dd- we need believing people-dd-" -- adolf hitler . "i never would have agreed to the formulation of the central intelligence agency back in forty-seven, if i had known it would become the american gestapo-dd-" -- harry s truman, 1961 . "men are not punished for their sins, but by them-dd-" -- elbert g hubbard . "i like your christ; i do not like your christians-dd- your christians are so unlike your christ-dd-" -- mohandas gandhi . "unless americans come to realize that they are not stronger in the world because they have the bomb but weaker because of their vulnerability to atomic attack, they are not likely to conduct their policy, in a spirit that furthers the arrival at an understanding-dd-" -- albert einstein . "patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it-dd-" -- george bernard shaw . "the same people that wrote the bible thought the world was flat-dd-" -- unknown - (disputed) . "if god created us in his image we have certainly returned the compliment-dd-" -- voltaire . "stopping terrorism is simple-dd- just quit screwing around with other people's countries and the terrorists will go home-dd- but the government of the united states wants to go on screwing around with other people's countries, refuses to stop, indeed views it as manifest destiny for the united states government to persist in screwing around with other people's countries, and views the inconvenience, increased tax burden, loss of civil liberties, and even deaths among the american people as just another cost of doing business-dd-" -- michael rivero . "be happy while you're living, for you're a long time dead-dd-" -- scottish proverb . "work like you don't need the money-dd- love like you've never been hurt-dd- dance like nobody's watching-dd-" -- satchel paige . "git yer guns, the liberal folks are gonna let the coloreds vote-xx-" -- unknown . "be kind; everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle-dd-" -- plato . the enemy is anybody who's going to get you killed, no matter which side he is on-dd-" -- joseph heller . "it is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets-dd-" -- voltaire . "capitalism is the astounding belief that the most wickedest of men will do the most wickedest of things for the greatest good of everyone-dd-" -- john maynard keynes . "i distrust those people who know so well what god wants them to do because i notice it always coincides with their own desires-dd-" -- susan b-dd- anthony . "if pigs could vote, the man with the slop bucket would be elected swineherd every time, no matter how much slaughtering he did on the side-dd-" -- orson scott card . "it is poverty to decide that a child must die so that you may live as you wish-dd-" -- mother teresa . "i'm ineffably tired of pro-war ideologues moaning about how the anti-war folk are just 'complaining' without 'offering solutions' to global dilemmas-dd- peace doesn't need a freekin moral, ethical, economical, or political qualification; war does-dd- peace doesn't ravage, plunder, rape, or kill; war does-dd- peace does not need justification, war does-dd-" -- <|onair|> . "history is an account mostly false, of events mostly unimportant, which are brought about by rulers, mostly knaves, and soldiers, mostly fools-dd-" -- ambrose bierce . "the people who have really made history are the martyrs-dd-" -- aleister crowley . "laurel and hardy, that's john and yoko-dd- and we stand a better chance under that guise because all the serious people like martin luther king, jr-dd- and kennedy and gandhi got shot-dd-" -- john lennon . "does anybody know who lee harvey oswald was-qq- -dd- -dd- -dd- and do you know how far away he was-qq- -dd- -dd- -dd- two hundred and fifty feet-dd- he was two hundred and fifty feet away and shooting at a moving target-dd- he got off three shots with a bolt action rifle in six seconds, and got two hits, including a head shot-dd- do you know where those men learned to shoot like that-qq- -dd- -dd- -dd- in the marines-xx- outstanding-xx- those individuals showed what one motivated marine and his rifle can do-xx- and before you ladies leave my island, you will be able to do the same thing-xx-" -- full metal jacket . "i love talking about the kennedy assassination-dd- the reason i do is because i'm fascinated by it-dd- i'm fascinated that our government could lie to us so blatantly, so obviously for so long, and we do absolutely nothing about it-dd-" -- bill hicks . "men who believe absurdities will commit atrocities-dd-" -- voltaire . "the nationalist not only does not disapprove of atrocities committed by his own side, but he has a remarkable capacity for not even hearing about them-dd-" -- george orwell . "our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear, kept us in a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor, with the cry of grave national emergency-dd- always there has been some terrible evil at home or some monstrous foreign power that was going to gobble us up if we did not blindly rally behind it-dd-" -- general douglas macarthur . "knowledge, idea, belief stands in the way of wisdom-dd-" -- j-dd- krishnamurthi . "if we'd been born where they were born and taught what they were taught, we would believe what they believe-dd-" -- a church sign in northern ireland . "my humble friend, we know not how to live this life which is so short yet seek one that never ends-dd-" -- anatole france . "it makes no difference as to the name of the god, since love is the real god of all in the world-dd-" -- apache . "we choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them-dd-" -- kahlil gibran . "statistically one hundred percent of the shots you don't take don't go in-dd-" -- wayne gretsky . "christianity exceeds all other faiths in its power to deform and finally invert the mental process-dd-" -- ida white . "god favors no group-dd- only religions do that-dd-" -- bumper sticker . "on the outskirts of every agony sits some observant fellow who points-dd-" -- virginia woolf . "the fascist state is the corporate state-dd-" -- benito mussolini . "jehovah was not a moral god-dd- he had all the vices and he lacked all the virtues-dd- he generally carried out all his threats, but he never faithfully kept a promise-dd-" -- robert g-dd- ingersoll . "guns make us powerful; butter will only make us fat-dd-" -- nazi hermann goering . "life is like an overlong drama through which we sit being nagged by the vague memories of having read the reviews-dd-" -- john updike . "everyone likes to say hitler did this and hitler did that-dd- but the truth is hitler did very little-dd- he was a world class asshole, but the evil actually done, from the death camps to world war two, was all done by citizens who were afraid to question if what they were told by their government was the truth or not, and who because they did not want to admit to themselves that they were afraid to question the government, refused to see the truth behind the reichstag fire, refused to see the invasion by poland was a staged fake, and followed hitler into national disaster-dd-" -- michael rivero . "each nation knowing it has the only true religion and the only sane system of government, each despising all the others, each an ass and not suspecting it-dd-" -- mark twain . "all men are created equal-dd- they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights, among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness-dd-" -- ho chi minh, 1945, as the democratic republic of vietnam was created . "if there has to be a blood bath, let's get it over with-dd-" --ronald reagan, vietnam . "you will kill ten of our men, and we will kill one of yours, and in the end it will be you who tire of it-dd-" -- ho chi minh . "i ain't got no quarrel with the vietcong -dd--dd--dd- no vietcong ever called me nigger-dd-" -- muhammad ali, stripped of boxing title, convicted of a felony for refusing to serve during the vietnam war . "i can envision a small cottage somewhere, with a lot of writing paper, and a dog, and a fireplace and maybe enough money to give myself some irish coffee now and then and entertain my two friends-dd-" -- richard van de geer, letter, 1975, last american to die in vietnam war, time, 1985 . "if you are required to kill someone today, on the promise of a political leader that someone else shall live in peace tomorrow, believe me, you are not only a double murderer, you are a suicide, too-dd-" -- katherine anne porter . "i spent thirty-three years in the marines, most of my time being a high-class muscle man for big business, for wall street and the bankers-dd- in short, i was a racketeer for capitalism-dd-" -- general smedley butler, marine . "over breakfast coffee we read of 40,000 american dead in vietnam-dd- instead of vomiting, we reach for the toast-dd- our morning rush through crowded streets is not to cry murder but to hit that trough before somebody else gobbles our share-dd-" -- dalton trumbo . "what difference does it make to the dead, the orphans, and the homeless, whether the mad destruction is wrought under the name of totalitarianism or the holy name of liberty and democracy-qq-" -- mohandas gandhi . "it is not so much the suffering as the senselessness of it that is unendurable-dd-" -- nietzsche . "i dream that someday the united states will be on the side of the peasants in some civil war-dd- i dream that we will be the ones who will help the poor overthrow the rich, who will talk about land reform and education and health facilities for everyone, and that when the red cross or amnesty international comes to count the bodies and take the testimony of women raped, that our side won't be the heavies-dd-" -- richard cohen . "throughout the world, on any given day, a man, woman or child is likely to be displaced, tortured, killed or disappeared, at the hands of governments or armed political groups-dd- more often than not, the united states shares the blame-dd-" -- amnesty international, in its annual report on u-dd-s-dd- military aid and human rights, 1996 . "i am tired of fighting, our chiefs are killed-dd--dd--dd-it is cold and we have no blankets-dd- the little children are freezing to death-dd--dd--dd-hear me, my chiefs, i am tired: my heart is sick and sad-dd- from where the sun now stands-dd--dd--dd-i will fight no more forever-dd--dd--dd-" -- chief joseph, before his tribe was slaughtered . "when great changes occur in history, when great principles are involved, as a rule the majority are wrong-dd-" -- eugene v-dd- debs . "usually when people are sad, they don't do anything-dd- they just cry over their condition-dd- but when they get angry, they bring about a change-dd-" -- malcolm x . "if we could read the secret history of our enemies, we should find in each man's life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all hostility-dd-" -- henry wadsworth longfellow . "where it is a duty to worship the sun, it is pretty sure to be a crime to examine the laws of heat-dd-" -- john morley . "the church says that the earth is flat, but i know that it is round, for i have seen its shadow on the moon, and i have more faith in a shadow than in the church-dd-" -- ferdinand magellan - (disputed) . "a casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything-dd-" -- nietzsche . "humanity without religion is like a serial killer without a chainsaw-dd-" -- unknown . "in all the disputes, which have excited christians against each other, rome has invariably decided in favor of that opinion which tended most towards the suppression of the human intellect and the annihilation of the reasoning powers-dd-" -- voltaire . "humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober, responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and immature-dd-" -- tom robbins . "the most detestable wickedness, the most horrid cruelties, and the greatest miseries that have afflicted the human race have had their origin in this thing called revelation, or revealed religion-dd-" -- thomas paine . "i have seldom met an intelligent person whose views were not narrowed and distorted by religion-dd-" -- james buchanan . "fascism is capitalism in decay-dd-" -- vladimir ilyich lenin . "giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys-dd-" -- p-dd- j-dd- o'rourke . "the police are not here to create disorder-dd- they're here to preserve disorder-dd-" -- ex-chicago mayor daley during the 1968 riots . "we need a common enemy to unite us-dd-" -- condoleezza rice, march 2000 . "i don't know that atheists should be considered citizens, nor should they be considered patriots-dd- this is one nation under god-dd-" -- president george bush, august 27, 1988 . "peace is over rated-dd- any slave can have peace-dd- just pick the cotton-dd-" -- thesong . "pain is certain, suffering is optional-dd-" -- buddha . "when did i realize i was god-qq- well, i was praying and i suddenly realized i was talking to myself-dd-" -- jack gurney - "the ruling class" . "could a being create the fifty billion galaxies, each with two hundred billion stars, then rejoice in the smell of burning goat flesh-qq-" -- ron patterson . "the united states is in no sense founded upon the christian doctrine-dd-" -- george washington administration treaty . "in the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends-dd-" -- martin luther king, jr-dd- . "you're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality-dd- wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it-dd-" -- malcolm x . "the great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes-dd-" -- stanley kubrick . "the pope-xx--qq--xx- how many divisions has he got-qq-" -- joseph stalin . "science has done more for the development of western civilization in one hundred years than christianity did in eighteen hundred years-dd-" -- jeff burroughs . "it is my conviction that killing under the cloak of war is nothing but an act of murder-dd-" -- albert einstein . "americans used to roar like lions for liberty; now we bleat like sheep for security-dd-" -- norman vincent peale . "probably no nation is rich enough to pay for both war and education-dd-" -- braham flexner . "it is part of the general pattern of misguided policy that our country is now geared to an arms economy which was bred in an artificially induced psychosis of war hysteria and nurtured upon an incessant propaganda of fear-dd-" -- general douglas macarthur . "everybody's worried about stopping terrorism-dd- well, there's a really easy way; stop participating in it-dd-" -- noam chomsky . "everyone laughs and cries in the same language-dd-" -- dreamslaughter . "when you give food to the poor, they call you a saint-dd- when you ask why the poor have no food, they call you a communist-dd-" -- archbishop helder camara . "i saw a human skull the other day-dd- there was an inscription below it: 'look long and hard at me, for i was once as you are and you will soon be as i am-dd-'" -- unknown . "i read about an eskimo hunter who asked the local missionary priest, 'if i did not know about god and sin, would i go to hell-qq-' 'no,' said the priest, 'not if you did not know-dd-' 'then why,' asked the eskimo earnestly, 'did you tell me-qq-'" -- annie dillard . "missionaries are perfect nuisances and leave every place worse than they found it-dd-" -- charles dickens . "i am convinced that i am acting as the agent of our creator-dd- by fighting off the jews, i am doing the lord's work-dd-" -- adolf hitler . "what do the nationalists say about killers punishing murderers and thieves sentencing looters-qq-" -- kahlil gibran . "the most heinous and the cruelest crimes of which history has record have been committed under the cover of religion or equally noble motives-dd-" -- mohandas gandhi . "now, my good man, this is no time for making enemies-dd-" -- voltaire, deathbed, when asked to renounce satan . "isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too-qq-" -- douglas adams . "i sometimes think that god in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability-dd-" -- oscar wilde . "if english was good enough for jesus, it's good enough for them mexicans-dd-" -- texas politician, spanish as a second language . "the first clergyman was the first rascal who met the first fool-dd-" -- voltaire . "democracy is four wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch-dd-" -- ambrose bierce . "no one rules if no one obeys-dd-" -- <taodo> . "most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done-dd-" -- louis brandeis . "the history of liberty is a history of resistance-dd- the history of liberty is a history of limitations of governmental power, not the increase of it-dd-" -- woodrow wilson . "none are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free-dd-" -- johann wolfgang von goethe . "it does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods, or no god-dd- it neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg-dd-" -- thomas jefferson . "all bibles are man-made-dd-" -- thomas edison . "in nature, there are neither rewards nor punishments; there are consequences-dd-" -- robert g-dd- ingersoll . "we always obeyed the law-dd- isn't that what you do in america-qq- even if you don't agree with a law personally, you still obey it-dd- otherwise life would be chaos-dd-" -- gertrude scholtz-klink, explaining nazi policy . "i hit him to get his attention-dd- i shot him to calm him down-dd- i killed him to reason with him-dd-" -- henry rollins . "every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed-dd- this world in arms is not spending money alone-dd- it is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children-dd- this is not a way of life at all in any true sense-dd- under the clouds of war, it is humanity hanging on a cross of iron-dd-" -- dwight d-dd- eisenhower . "i am strongly in favor of using poisoned gas against uncivilized tribes-dd- the moral effect should be good and it would spread a lively terror-dd-" -- winston churchill commenting on the british use of poison gas against the iraqis after world war i . "how good bad music and bad reasons sound when we march against an enemy-xx-" -- nietzsche . "the crimes of the u-dd-s-dd- throughout the world have been systematic, constant, clinical, remorseless, and fully documented but nobody cares to talk about them-dd-" -- harold pinter . "how long would authority -dd--dd--dd- exist, if not for the willingness of the mass to become soldiers, policemen, jailers, and hangmen-dd-" -- emma goldman . "you get what anyone gets; you get a lifetime-dd-" -- death, neil gaiman comic sandman . "to be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it-dd-" -- confucius . "the truth is that there is nothing noble in being superior to somebody else-dd- the only real nobility is in being superior to your former self-dd-" -- whitney young . "if you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava, let 'em go, because, man, they're gone-dd-" -- jack handey . "all our lauded technological progress, our very civilization, is like the axe in the hand of the pathological criminal-dd-" -- albert einstein . "we hang the petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office-dd-" -- aesop . "in the 1980s capitalism triumphed over communism-dd- in the 1990s it triumphed over democracy-dd-" -- david korten . "the corporation is a true frankenstein's monster, an artificial person run amok, responsible only to its own soulless self-dd-" -- william dugger . "convictions are more dangerous foes of truth than lies-dd-" -- nietzsche . "hain't we got all the fools in town on our side-qq- and ain't that a big enough majority in any town-qq-" -- mark twain . "in matters of conscience, the law of majority has no place-dd-" -- mohandas gandhi . "why tell me that a man is a fine speaker, if it is not the truth that he is speaking-qq-" -- thomas carlyle . "i cannot imagine a god who rewards and punishes the objects of his creation, whose purposes are modeled after our own; a god, in short, who is but a reflection of human frailty-dd- neither can i believe that the individual survives the death of his body, although feeble souls harbor such thoughts through fear or ridiculous egotisms-dd--dd--dd-" -- albert einstein, obituary . "in every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to liberty-dd-" -- thomas jefferson . "a celibate clergy is an especially good idea, because it tends to suppress any hereditary propensity toward fanaticism-dd-" -- carl sagan . "i am amazed how many people on this planet are happy and free and never even saw the us constitution-dd-" -- <reason> . "authoritarian government required to speak, is silent-dd- representative government required to speak, lies with impunity-dd-" -- napoleon . "there is always a certain meanness in the argument of conservatism, joined with a certain superiority in its fact-dd-" -- ralph waldo emerson . "i have the greatest admiration for your propaganda-dd- propaganda in the west is carried out by experts who have had the best training in the world, in the field of advertising, and have mastered the techniques with exceptional proficiency-dd- yours are subtle and persuasive; ours are crude and obvious-dd- i think that the fundamental difference between our worlds, with respect to propaganda, is quite simple-dd- you tend to believe yours and we tend to disbelieve ours-dd-" -- a u-dd-s-dd- based soviet correspondent . "when you are right you cannot be too radical; when you are wrong you cannot be too conservative-dd-" -- martin luther king, jr-dd- . "-dd--dd--dd- the cia has overthrown functioning democracies in over twenty countries-dd-" -- john stockwell, former cia official . "when you call yourself an indian or a muslim or a christian or a european, or anything else, you are being violent-dd- do you see why it is violent-qq- it is because you are separating yourself from the rest of mankind-dd- when you separate yourself by belief, by nationality, by tradition, it breeds violence-dd- so a man who is seeking to understand violence does not belong to any country, to any religion, to any political party or partial system; he is concerned with the total understanding of mankind-dd-" -- j-dd- krishnamurthi . "like all dreamers, i mistook disenchantment for truth-dd-" -- jean paul sartre . "if it were all so simple-xx- if only there were evil people somewhere insidiously committing evil deeds, and it were necessary only to separate them from the rest of us and destroy them; but the line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being-dd- and who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart-qq-" -- aleksandr solzhenitsyn . "if you speak the truth, have one foot in the stirrup-dd-" -- turkish proverb . "-dd--dd--dd- somehow we find it hard to sell our values, namely that the rich should plunder the poor-dd-" -- john foster dulles . "to sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men-dd-" -- abraham lincoln . "reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away-dd-" -- philip k-dd- dick . "as a child i understood how to give; i have forgotten this grace since i became civilized-dd-" -- ohiyesa, sioux . "under capitalism, man exploits man-dd- under communism, it's just the opposite-dd-" -- john kenneth galbraith . "the target suffered a terminal illness before a firing squad in baghdad-dd-" -- cia officer at us senate hearing on 1963 overthrow of iraqi prime minister kassem . "those who hate and fight must stop themselves; otherwise it is not stopped-dd-" -- spock, day of the dove . "can anything be stupider than that a man has the right to kill me because he lives on the other side of a river and his ruler has a quarrel with mine, though i have not quarreled with him-qq-" -- blaise pascal . "i was asked to memorize what i did not understand; and, my memory being so good, it refused to be insulted in that manner-dd-" -- aleister crowley . "the greatest artists of this world are never puritans, and seldom even ordinarily respectable-dd-" -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . "it is hard to free fools from chains they revere-dd-" -- voltaire . "there is no real wealth but the labor of man-dd- where the mountains are of gold and the valleys of silver, the world would not be one grain of corn the richer; not one comfort would be added to the human race-dd-" -- percy b-dd- shelley . "foreign aid is when the poor people of a rich country give money to the rich people of a poor country-dd-" -- gary hart, bc comic strip . "i don't really miss god, but i sure miss santa claus-xx-" -- courtney love . "distrust all in whom the impulse to punish is powerful-dd-" -- nietzsche . "man is the religious animal-dd- he is the only religious animal-dd- he is the only animal that has the true religion, several of them-dd- he is the only animal that loves his neighbor as himself and cuts his throat, if his theology isn't straight-dd- he has made a graveyard of the globe in trying his honest best to smooth his brother's path to happiness and heaven-dd-" -- mark twain . "the keenest sorrow is to recognize ourselves as the sole cause of all our adversities-dd-" -- sophocles . "the truth is more important than the facts-dd-" -- frank lloyd wright . "every great advance in natural knowledge has involved the absolute rejection of authority-dd-" -- thomas huxley . "the world is divided into people who think they are right-dd-" -- unknown . "faith is belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel-dd-" -- ambrose bierce . "my opinions may have changed, but not the fact that i am right-dd-" -- ashleigh brilliant . "never forget that everything hitler did in germany was legal-dd-" -- martin luther king, jr-dd- . "pity the warrior that kills all his foe-dd-" -- star trek . "patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel-dd-" -- samuel johnson, english lexicographer, to which ambrose bierce replied: 'i beg to submit that it is the first-dd-' . "every day people are straying away from the church and going back to god-dd-" -- lenny bruce . "a tyrant is always stirring up some war or other, in order that the people may require a leader-dd-" -- plato . "war is an instrument entirely insufficient toward redressing wrong; and multiplies, instead of indemnifying losses-dd-" -- thomas jefferson . "i do not feel obliged to believe that the same god who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use-dd-" -- galileo galilei . "the wise man will love; all others will desire-dd-" -- afranius . "christianity makes suffering contagious-dd-" -- nietzsche . "may your fondest wish be granted-dd-" -- traditional chinese curse . "truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; truth isn't-dd-" -- mark twain . "the exact contrary of what is generally believed is often the truth-dd-" -- jean de la bruy�re . "life is too short to waste in critical peep or cynic bark, quarrel or reprimand: it will soon be dark-dd-" -- ralph waldo emerson . "why of course the people don't want war-dd- why should some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece-qq- naturally, the common people don't want war; neither in russia, nor in england, nor for that matter in germany-dd- that is understood-dd- but after all, it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy, and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along, whether it is a democracy, or a fascist dictatorship, or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship-dd--dd--dd- voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders-dd- that is easy-dd- all you have to do is to tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger-dd-" -- nazi hermann goering . "believe those who are seeking the truth; doubt those who find it-dd-" -- andre gide . "that's not a lie, it's a terminological inexactitude-dd-" -- alexander haig . "if one acknowledges a group or a nation willing to commit atrocities, then one must also acknowledges the existence of a nation willing to commit atrocities to blame on the first nation-dd-" -- michael rivero . "he who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster-dd- for if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you-dd-" -- nietzsche . "it is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both-dd-" -- niccolo machiavelli . "whenever i hear anyone arguing for slavery, i feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally-dd-" -- abraham lincoln . "i prayed for twenty years but received no answer until i prayed with my legs-dd-" -- frederick douglass, escaped slave . "so far as i can remember, there is not one word in the gospels in praise of intelligence-dd-" -- bertrand russel . "when encountering a new philosophy or religion, do not convert, but rather assimilate-dd-" -- shawn mikula . "you need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the great struggle for independence-dd-" -- attributed to charles austin beard . "at the risk of seeming ridiculous, let me say that the true revolutionary is guided by great feelings of love-dd- it is impossible to think of a genuine revolutionary lacking this quality-dd-" -- ernesto 'che' guevara . "the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing-dd-" -- edmund burke . "the citizen who sees his society's democratic clothes being worn out and does not cry it out, is not a patriot, but a traitor-dd-" -- mark twain . "the christian resolution to find the world ugly and bad has made the world ugly and bad-dd-" -- nietzsche . "the multitude of books is a great evil-dd- there is no limit to this fever for writing-dd-" -- martin luther . "if the doctor told me i had only six minutes to live, i'd type a little faster-dd-" -- isaac asimov . "the modern conservative is engaged in one man's oldest exercises in moral philosophy; that is the search for a superior moral justification for selfishness-dd-" -- john k-dd- galbraith . "conservatives are not necessarily stupid, but most stupid people are conservatives-dd-" -- john stuart mill . "i have examined all of the known superstitions of the world and i do not find in our superstitions of christianity one redeeming feature-dd- they are all founded on fables and mythology-dd- christianity has made one-half the world fools and the other half hypocrites-dd-" -- thomas jefferson . "it may be that our role on this planet is not to worship god, but to create him-dd-" -- arthur c-dd- clarke . "in order to learn, one must change one's mind-dd-" -- orson scott card . "every anarchist is a baffled dictator-dd-" -- benito mussolini . "everyone's values are defined by what they will tolerate when it is done to others-dd-" -- william greider . "patriotism is the virtue of the vicious-dd-" -- oscar wilde . "do not do an immoral thing for moral reasons-dd-" -- thomas hardy . "if fifty million people believe a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing-dd-" -- anatole france . "there must be more to life than having everything-dd-" -- maurice sendak . "knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers-dd-" -- alfred, lord tennyson . "he who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors-dd-" -- thomas jefferson . "i had a lover's quarrel with the world-dd-" -- robert frost . "written laws are like spider's webs; they will catch, it is true, the weak and poor, but would be torn in pieces by the rich and powerful-dd-" -- anacharsis . "computers are useless-dd- they can only give you answers-dd-" -- pablo picasso . "you simply cannot hang a millionaire in america-dd-" -- bourke cockran . "we must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us-dd-" -- joseph campbell . "when the president does it that means it is not illegal-dd-" -- richard nixon . "war is hell and all that, but it has a good deal to recommend it-dd- it wipes out all the small nuisances of peacetime-dd-" -- ian hay . "patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "all propaganda must be so popular and on such an intellectual level, that even the most stupid of those toward whom it is directed will understand it -dd--dd--dd- through clever and constant application of propaganda, people can be made to see paradise as hell, and also the other way around, to consider the most wretched sort of life as paradise-dd-" -- adolf hitler . "if there was a god, he wouldn't let a guy walk right up and shoot you in the face now would he-qq- that's right, now you get the picture-dd- truth burns doesn't it-qq-" -- henry rollins . "this country, with its institutions, belongs to the people who inhabit it-dd- whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government, they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it, or exercise their revolutionary right to overthrow it-dd-" -- abraham lincoln . "if you believe in the existence of fairies at the bottom of the garden you are deemed fit for the bin-dd- if you believe in parthenogenesis, ascension, transubstantiation and all the rest of it, you are deemed fit to govern the country-dd-" -- jonathan meades . "gentlemen, you can't fight in here-xx- this is the war room-xx-" -- dr-dd- strangelove . "i know of no crime that has not been defended by the church, in one form or other-dd- the church is not a pioneer; it accepts a new truth, last of all, and only when denial has become useless-dd-" -- robert g-dd- ingersoll . "in general the art of government consists in taking as much money as possible from one class of citizens to give to the other-dd-" -- voltaire . "a nation is a society united by a delusion about its ancestry and by common hatred of its neighbors-dd-" -- william r-dd- inge . "cast aside those who liken godliness to whimsy and who try to combine their greed for wealth with their desire for a happy afterlife-dd-" -- kahlil gibran . "if we do not like the world the way it is, then it is because we are not okay the way we are-dd-" -- deeshan . "your every decision conspires to make this moment happen-dd-" -- christi philpott . "yes, my friends, i too am prepared to die for a cause, but there is no cause for which i am prepared to kill-dd-" --mohandas gandhi . "experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards-dd-" --vernon saunders law . "it is your business, when the wall next door catches fire-dd-" -- horace . "once you have seen certain things, you can't un-see them, and seeing nothing is as political an act as seeing something-dd-" -- arundhati roy . "translate 'allah'-dd-" -- bumper sticker . "science is always discovering odd scraps of magical wisdom and making a tremendous fuss about its cleverness-dd-" -- aleister crowley . "they said i was the greatest pitcher they ever saw; i couldn't understand why they couldn't give me no justice-dd-" -- satchel paige . "a conservative government is an organized hypocrisy-dd-" -- benjamin disraeli . "in a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act-dd-" -- george orwell . "think my friends-xx- you adulate a stone as vishnu but you cannot see god in a fellow man-dd-" -- sankaracharya . "the total absence of humor in the bible is one of the most singular things in all literature-dd-" -- alfred north whitehead . "all i know is that i am not a marxist-dd-" -- karl marx . "there is enough for man's need but not for man's greed-dd-" --mohandas gandhi . "before you speak, ask yourself is it kind, is it necessary, is it true, does it improve on the silence-qq-" -- shirdi sai bab . "everything of importance has been said before by somebody who did not discover it-dd-" -- alfred north whitehead . "the good christian should beware of mathematicians and all those who make empty prophecies-dd- the danger already exists that mathematicians have made a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine man in the bonds of hell-dd-" --saint augustine . "i object to violence because when it appears to do good, the good is only temporary; the evil it does is permanent-dd-" -- mohandas gandhi . "truth is for the minority-dd-" -- baltasar graci�n . "the color of the skin makes no difference-dd- what is good and just for one is good and just for the other-dd- and the great spirit made all men brothers-dd-" -- white shield, arikara . "the reasonable man adjusts himself to the world, the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself; therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man-dd-" -- george bernard shaw . "i did not know how to say goodbye-dd- it was harder still, when i refused to say it-dd-" -- native american saying . "never was anything great achieved without danger-dd-" -- niccolo machiavelli . "those who see and feel beyond illusion have acquired a far greater gift than could ever be derived from studying scripture and philosophy books, for these were meant only to guide the blind-dd-" -- shawn mikula . "if you understand everything, you must be misinformed-dd-" -- japanese proverb . "theology is never any help; it is searching in a dark cellar at midnight for a black cat that isn't there-dd- theologians can persuade themselves of anything-dd-" -- robert heinlein . "this monkey mythology of darwin is the cause of permissiveness, promiscuity, prophylactics, perversions, pregnancies, abortions, porno-therapy, pollution, poisoning and proliferation of crimes of all types-dd-" -- judge braswell dean . "there was a time when i believed in the story and the scheme of salvation, so far as i could understand it, just as i believed there was a devil-dd- suddenly the light broke through to me and i saw a silly story, and each generation nowadays swallows it with greater difficulty-dd- why do people go on pretending about this christianity-qq-" -- h-dd- g-dd- wells . "the state has not the right to leave every man free to profess and embrace whatever religion he may desire-dd-" -- pope pius ix . "government is actually the worst failure of civilized man-dd- there has never been a really good one, and even those that are most tolerable are arbitrary, cruel, grasping and unintelligent-dd-" -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . "it's not what you don't know that hurts you-dd- it's what you know that just isn't so-dd-" -- satchel paige . "we've got to pause and ask ourselves, how much clean air do we need-qq-" -- lee iacocca . "it has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity-dd-" -- albert einstein . "the difference between our decadence and the russians' is that while theirs is brutal, ours is apathetic-dd-" -- james thurber . "i do not read advertisements-dd- i would spend all of my time wanting things-dd-" -- franz kafka . "don't join the book burners-dd-" -- dwight d-dd- eisenhower . "to date, despite the efforts of millions of true believers to support this myth, there is no more evidence for the judeo-christian god than any of the gods on mount olympus-dd-" -- joseph daleiden . "you find as you look around the world that every single bit of progress in humane feeling, every improvement in the criminal law, every step toward the diminution of war, every step toward better treatment of the colored races, or every mitigation of slavery, every moral progress that there has been in the world, has been consistently opposed by the organized churches of the world-dd- i say quite deliberately that the christian religion, as organized in its churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "free from desire, you realize the mystery-dd- caught in desire, you see only the manifestations-dd-" -- tao te ching . "if you keep doing what you've always done, you'll keep getting what you've always gotten-dd-" -- jim rohn . "few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment-dd- most people are even incapable of forming such opinions-dd-" -- albert einstein . "everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler-dd-" -- albert einstein . "our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power-dd- we have guided missiles and misguided men-dd-" -- martin luther king, jr-dd- . "we could have saved the earth but we were too damned cheap-dd-" -- kurt vonnegut . "either god wants to abolish evil, and cannot; or he can, but does not want to-dd- if he wants to, but cannot, he is impotent-dd- if he can, but does not want to, he is wicked-dd- if, as they say, god can abolish evil, and god really wants to do it, why is there evil in the world-qq-" -- epicurus . "irrationally held truths may be more harmful than reasoned errors-dd-" -- thomas huxley . "it is a government of the people by the people for the people no longer; it is a government of corporations by corporations for corporations-dd-" -- rutherford b-dd- hayes . "in all affairs, it's a healthy thing now and then to hang a question mark on the things you have long taken for granted-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "religion is not merely the opium of the masses; it's the cyanide-dd-" -- tom robbins . "nothing overshadows truth so much as authority-dd-" -- leon battista alberti . "in christianity, neither morality nor religion comes into contact with reality at any point-dd-" -- nietzsche . "a language is a dialect with an army and a navy-dd-" -- max weinreich . "it is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong-dd-" -- voltaire . "beware of the man whose god is in the skies-dd-" -- george bernard shaw . "almost all absurdity of conduct arises from the imitation of those whom we cannot resemble-dd-" -- samuel johnson . "turn over the pages of history and read the damning record of the church's opposition to every advance in every field of science-dd-" -- upton sinclair . "don't try to teach a pig to sing, it can't be done and it only ticks off the pig-dd-" -- robert heinlein . "form no covetous desire, so that the demon of greediness may not deceive thee, and the treasure of the world may not be tasteless to thee-dd-" -- zoroaster . "the more laws and order are made prominent, the more thieves and robbers there will be-dd-" -- lao tsu . "people with virtue must speak out; people who speak are not all virtuous-dd-" -- confucius . "one death is a tragedy-dd- a million deaths is a statistic-dd-" -- josef stalin . "prohibition goes beyond reason in that it attempts to control a man's appetite through legislation-dd- a prohibition law strikes a blow at the very principles this country was founded upon-dd-" -- abraham lincoln . "when liberty is taken away by force it can be restored by force-dd- when it is relinquished voluntarily by default, it can never be recovered-dd-" -- dorothy thompson . "problems cannot be solved at the same level of awareness that created them-dd-" -- albert einstein . "we can often do more for other men by trying to correct our own faults than by trying to correct theirs-dd-" -- francois fenelon . "news is what someone wants to suppress-dd- everything else is advertising-dd-" -- ex-nbc news president rubin frank . "when women are depressed they either eat or go shopping-dd- men invade another country-dd-" -- elayne boosler . "to use the term blind faith, is to use an adjective needlessly-dd-" -- julian ruck . "the establishment of christianity arrested the normal development of the physical sciences for over fifteen hundred years-dd-" -- andrew dickson white . "it is right noble to fight with wickedness and wrong; the mistake is in supposing that spiritual evil can be overcome by physical means-dd-" -- lydia maria child . "nothing except a battle lost can be half as melancholy as a battle won-dd-" -- duke of wellington . "all warfare is based on deception-dd-" -- sun tzu . "nothing brings people together more, than mutual hatred-dd-" -- henry rollins . "just as a picture is drawn by an artist, surroundings are created by the activities of the mind-dd-" -- buddha . "the best way to make children good is to make them happy-dd-" -- oscar wilde . "the minority, the ruling class at present, has the schools and press, usually the church as well under its thumb-dd- this enables it to organize and sway the emotions of the masses, and make its tool of them-dd-" -- albert einstein . "all civilization has from time to time become a thin crust over a volcano of revolution-dd-" -- havelock ellis . "outside of the killings, washington has one of the lowest crime rates in the country-dd-" -- marion barry, former mayor washington d-dd-c-dd- . "when i told the people of northern ireland that i was an atheist, a woman in the audience stood up and said, 'yes, but is it the god of the catholics or the god of the protestants in whom you don't believe-qq-'" -- quentin crisp . "whatever the natural cause, sin is the true cause of all earthquakes-dd-" -- john wesley . "anyone who has two shirts when someone has none is not a christian-dd-" -- lenny bruce . "generosity is not giving me that which i need more than you do, but it is giving me that which you need more than i do-dd-" -- kahlil gibran . "you exist only in what you do-dd-" -- federico fellini . "all truth passes through three stages-dd- first, it is ridiculed-dd- second, it is violently opposed-dd- third, it is accepted as being self-evident-dd-" -- arthur schopenhauer . "kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom-dd-" -- theodore isaac rubin . "you can't say civilizations don't advance, because they kill you in a new way in each war-dd-" -- will rogers . "in order to be an immaculate member of a flock of sheep, one must above all be a sheep oneself-dd-" -- albert einstein . "the church tries to save sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture-dd-" -- elbert hubbard . "i can't embrace a male god who has persecuted female sexuality throughout the ages; and that persecution still goes on today, all over the world-dd-" -- amanda donohoe . "any fool can make a rule, and any fool will mind it-dd-" -- henry david thoreau . "pontius pilate was the first great censor, and jesus christ the first great victim of censorship-dd-" -- ben lindsay . "we are what we think-dd- all that we are arises with our thoughts-dd- with our thoughts, we make the world-dd-" -- buddha . "i thought dying for your country was the worst thing that could happen to you-dd- i think killing for your country can be a lot worse; because that's the memory that haunts-dd-" -- bob kerry told to the new york times . "it is lamentable, that to be a good patriot one must become the enemy of the rest of mankind-dd-" -- voltaire . "contraction of theological influence has at once been the best measure, and the essential condition of intellectual advance-dd-" -- william h-dd- lecky . "isn't killing people in the name of god a pretty good definition of insanity-qq-" -- arthur c-dd- clarke . "talent hits a target no one else can hit; genius hits a target no one else can see-dd-" -- arthur schopenhauer . "oh mortal man, is there nothing you cannot be made to believe-qq-" -- adam weishaupt, co-founder new world order . "there are three truths: my truth, your truth, and the truth-dd-" -- chinese proverb . "people only see what they are prepared to see-dd-" -- ralph waldo emerson . "lying is done with words and also with silence-dd-" -- adrienne rich . "if a man would follow, today, the teachings of the old testament, he would be a criminal-dd- if he would follow strictly the teachings of the new, he would be insane-dd-" -- robert g-dd- ingersoll . "the man who accumulates, whether money or knowledge, can never be free-dd-" -- j-dd- krishnamurthi . "there is a tragic clash between truth and the world-dd- pure undistorted truth burns up the world-dd-" -- nikolay berdyayev . "just drive down that road, until you get blown up-dd-" -- general george patton, reconnaissance troops . "if i could find a way to get [saddam hussein] out of there, even putting a contract out on him, -dd--dd--dd- ahh -dd--dd--dd- if the cia still did that sort of thing, -dd- -dd- -dd- ahh -dd- -dd- -dd- assuming it ever did -dd- -dd- -dd- -dd- -dd- -dd- -dd- i would be for it-dd-" -- richard nixon . "i never advocated war except as a means of peace-dd-" -- ulysses s-dd- grant . "if you pray for rain long enough, it eventually does fall-dd- if you pray for floodwaters to abate, they eventually do-dd- the same happens in the absence of prayers-dd-" -- steve allen . "spiritual maturity is a lifelong process of replacing lies with truth-dd-" -- kurt bruner . "i was under medication when i made the decision to burn the tapes-dd-" -- richard nixon . "freedom is not something that anybody can be given, freedom is something people take-dd-" -- james baldwin . "the public is wonderfully tolerant-dd- it forgives everything except genius-dd-" -- oscar wilde . "intellectuals solve problems; geniuses prevent them-dd-" -- albert einstein . "acceptance without proof is the fundamental characteristic of western religion, rejection without proof is the fundamental characteristic of western science-dd-" -- gary zukav . "how can you make a revolution without executions-qq-" -- lenin on hearing that the death penalty had been abolished by the soviet . "true and false are attributes of speech, not of things-dd- and where speech is not, there is neither truth nor falsehood-dd-" -- thomas hobbes . "do you love your creator-qq- love your fellow beings first-dd-" -- prophet muhammad . "laws are silent in time of war-dd-" -- cicero . "i shall be an autocrat: that's my trade-dd- and the good lord will forgive me: that's his-dd-" -- empress catherine the great . "man was born free, and everywhere he is in chains-dd-" -- rousseau . "never go to sleep when your meat is on the fire-dd-" -- pueblo . "a treatise upon human nature: it is not contrary to reason to prefer the destruction of the whole world to the scratching of my finger-dd-" -- david hume . "you can't step twice into the same river-dd-" -- heraclitus . "you should never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty-dd-" -- henrik ibsen . "necessity never made a good bargain-dd-" -- ben franklin . "you shall find out how salt is the taste of another man's bread, and how hard is the way up and down another man's stairs-dd-" -- dante . "you'll never have a quiet world till you knock the patriotism out of the human race-dd-" -- george bernard shaw . "this is very true; for my words are my own, and my actions are my ministers-dd-" -- charles ii . "sometimes a scream is better than a thesis-dd-" -- ralph waldo emerson . "politics is war without bloodshed while war is politics with bloodshed-dd-" -- mao tse tung . when a stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty-dd-" -- george bernard shaw . "there are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them-dd-" -- andre gide . "whoever controls the media, the images, controls the culture-dd-" -- allen ginsberg . "listen or your tongue will keep you deaf-dd-" -- native american saying . "one-tenth of the folks run the world-dd- one-tenth watch them run it, and the other eighty percent don't know what the hell's going on-dd-" -- jake simmons . "an empty stomach is not a good political advisor-dd-" -- albert einstein . "religion is the end of love and honesty, the beginning of confusion; faith is a colorful hope or fear, the origin of folly-dd-" -- tao te ching . "why do we kill people who are killing people to show that killing people is wrong-qq-" -- holly near . "if you give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest of men, i will find something in them which will hang him-dd-" -- cardinal richelieu . "only a fool tests the depth of the water with both feet-dd-" -- african proverb . "democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half of the time-dd-" -- elwyn b-dd- white . "the more i study religions the more i am convinced that man never worshipped anything but himself-dd-" -- sir r-dd- f-dd- burton . "we are ensnared by the wisdom of the serpent; we are set free by the foolishness of god-dd-" -- saint augustine . "we live in our desires rather than in our achievements-dd-" -- george moore . "wherever there is great property, there is great inequality, for one very rich man; there must be at least five hundred poor-dd-" -- adam smith . "when a government lasts a long while, it deteriorates by insensible degrees-dd- republics end through luxury, monarchies through poverty-dd-" -- montesquieu . "the cardinal doctrine of a fanatic's creed is that his enemies are the enemies of god-dd-" -- andrew dickson white . "society in every state is a blessing, but government, even in its best stage, is but a necessary evil; in its worst stage, an intolerable one-dd-" -- thomas paine . "the supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting-dd-" -- sun tzu . "a foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines-dd-" -- ralph waldo emerson . "truthful words are not beautiful; beautiful words are not truthful-dd- good words are not persuasive; persuasive words are not good-dd-" -- lao tzu . "oh, how bitter a thing is to look through another man's eye-dd-" -- william shakespeare . "know all and you will pardon all-dd-" -- thomas � kempis . "i am sufficiently proud of my knowing something to be modest about my not knowing everything-dd-" -- vladimir nabokov . "all natural institutions of churches, whether jewish, christian, or turkish, appear to me no other than human inventions, set up to terrify and enslave mankind, and monopolize power and profit-dd-" -- thomas paine . "they that die by famine die by inches-dd-" -- matthew henry . "in law a man is guilty when he violates the rights of another-dd- in ethics he is guilty if he only thinks of doing so-dd-" -- immanuel kant . "there is no sport in hate when all the rage is on one side-dd-" -- percy b-dd- shelley . "except as its clown and jester, society does not encourage individuality, and the state abhors it-dd-" -- bernard berenson . "everywhere is walking distance if you have the time-dd-" -- steven wright . "you must ask your neighbor if you shall live in peace-dd-" -- john clark . "it is true that liberty, so precious, must be rationed-dd-" -- nikolai lenin . "it would now be technically possible to unify the world, abolish war and poverty altogether, if men desired their own happiness more than the misery of their enemies-dd-" -- bertrand russel . "most men lead lives of quiet desperation and go to the grave with the song still in them-dd-" -- henry david thoreau . "i refuse to be labeled immoral merely because i am godless-dd-" -- peter walker . "art is dangerous-dd- it is one of the attractions: when it ceases to be dangerous, you don't want it-dd-" -- duke ellington . "suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of congress; but i repeat myself-dd-" -- mark twain . "know thy enemy and know thy self and you will win a hundred battles-dd-" -- sun tzu . "life is like a game of cards-dd- the hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will-dd-" -- jawaharlal nehru . "the optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true-dd-" -- james branch cabell . "peace is only possible if men cease to place their happiness in the possession of things which cannot be shared-dd-" -- julien benda . "it may be necessary temporarily to accept a lesser evil, but one must never label a necessary evil as good-dd-" -- margaret mead . "silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute-dd-" -- josh billings . "you can't wake a person who is pretending to be asleep-dd-" -- native proverb . "i have often regretted my speech, never my silence-dd-" -- xenocrates . "never does nature say one thing and wisdom another-dd-" -- juvenal . "he who will not reason is a bigot; he who cannot is a fool; and he who dares not is a slave-dd-" -- william drummond . "the quickest way of ending a war is to lose it-dd-" -- george orwell . "truth always lags behind, limping along on the arm of time-dd-" -- baltasar graci�n . "nothing unites the english like war-dd- nothing divides them like picasso-dd-" -- hugh mills . "-dd--dd--dd-as hollow as the o in god-dd--dd--dd-" -- marilyn manson . "war: first, one hopes to win; then one expects the enemy to lose; then, one is satisfied that he too is suffering; in the end, one is surprised that everyone has lost-dd-" -- karl kraus . "it is better to be generous than just-dd- it is sometimes better to sympathize instead of trying to understand-dd-" -- pierre lecompte de nouy . "the more you own, the more it owns you-dd-" -- henry rollins . "money often costs too much-dd-" -- ralph waldo emerson . "it is hard, i submit, to loathe bloodshed, including war, more than i do, but it is still harder to exceed my loathing of the very nature of totalitarian states in which massacre is only an administrative detail-dd-" -- vladimir nabokov . "nothing is more surprising than the easiness with which the many are governed by the few-dd-" -- david hume . "and the little screaming fact that sounds through all history: repression works only to strengthen and knit the repressed-dd-" -- john steinbeck . "we are condemned to kill time: thus we die bit by bit-dd-" -- octavio paz . "do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise-dd- seek what they sought-dd-" -- basho . "by trying we can easily learn to endure adversity; another man's, i mean-dd-" -- mark twain . "give to every other human being every right you claim for yourself-dd-" -- robert g-dd- ingersoll . "don't say you don't have enough time-dd- you have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to helen keller, pasteur, michelangelo, mother teresa, leonardo da vinci, thomas jefferson, and albert einstein-dd-" -- h-dd- jackson brown . "while the word is yet unspoken, you are master of it; when once it is spoken, it is master of you-dd-" -- arab proverb . "twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do-dd-" -- samuel clemens . "ignorance is always afraid of change-dd-" -- jawaharlal nehru . "before we blame, we should first see if we can excuse-dd-" -- g-dd- c-dd- lichtenberg . "don't speak unless you can improve on the silence-dd-" -- spanish proverb . "i would have made a good pope-dd-" -- richard nixon . "in politics, stupidity is not a handicap-dd-" -- napoleon . "the purpose of law is to prevent the strong from always having their way-dd-" -- ovid . "time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils-dd-" -- hector berlioz . "a man who is afraid will do anything-dd-" -- jawaharlal nehru . "heresy is a cradle; orthodoxy a coffin-dd-" -- robert g-dd- ingersoll . "each of us is confined to a world of our own making-dd-" -- shawn mikula . "democracy used to be a good thing, but now it has gotten into the wrong hands-dd-" -- jessie helms . "if a person is to get to the meaning of life, he must learn to like the facts about himself, ugly as they may seem to his sentimental vanity, before he can learn the truth behind the facts-dd- and the truth is never ugly-dd-" -- eugene o'neill . "no one has ever had an idea in a dress suit-dd-" -- sir frederick g-dd- banting . "without censorship, things can get terribly confused in the public mind-dd-" -- general william westmoreland . "strange is our situation here upon earth-dd-" -- albert einstein . "until the infallibility of human judgment shall have been proved to me, i shall persist in demanding the abolition of the death penalty-dd-" -- marquis de lafayette . "if you don't know where you're going, any road will get you there-dd-" -- ancient chinese proverb . "opportunities multiply as they are seized-dd-" -- sun tzu . "real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance-dd-" -- confucius . "as far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality-dd-" -- albert einstein . "one's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions-dd-" -- oliver wendell holmes . "it is not easy to find happiness in ourselves; it is not possible to find it elsewhere-dd-" -- agnes repplier . "being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage-dd-" -- lao tzu . "the world is too dangerous to live in, not because of the people who do evil, but because of the people who sit and let it happen-dd-" -- albert einstein . "beliefs are what divide people-dd- doubt unites them-dd-" -- peter ustinov . "wisdom is knowing what to do next-dd- virtue is doing it-dd-" -- david starr jordan . "the liar's punishment is not in the least that he is not believed, but that he cannot believe anyone else-dd-" -- george bernard shaw . "whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it-dd-" -- mohandas gandhi . "you can't have everything-dd- where would you put it-qq-" -- steven wright . "the way to find what the mainstream will do tomorrow is to associate with the lunatic fringe today-dd-" -- jean-louis gassee . "a jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer-dd-" -- robert frost . "our job is to give people not what they want, but what we decide they ought to have-dd-" -- richard salent, former president cbs news . "you can pretend to be serious; you can't pretend to be witty-dd-" -- sacha guitry . "two attitudes are all that is needed; do not harm anything, say and do things that make others happy-dd-" -- dreamslaughter . "in spite of everything i still believe that people are really good at heart-dd-" -- anne frank, holocaust victim . "why is propaganda so much more successful when it stirs up hatred than when it tries to stir up friendly feeling-qq-" -- bertrand russell . "nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished-dd-" -- lao tzu . "the illegal we do immediately-dd- the unconstitutional takes a bit longer-dd-" -- henry kissinger . "the victor will never be asked if he told the truth-dd-" -- adolf hitler . "what sane person could live in this world and not be crazy-qq-" -- ursula k-dd- leguin . "never express yourself more clearly than you think-dd-" -- neils bohr . "modern morality and manners suppress all natural instincts, keep people ignorant of the facts of nature and make them fighting drunk on bogey tales-dd-" -- aleister crowley . "the right things to do are those that keep our violence in abeyance; the wrong things are those that bring it to the fore-dd-" -- robert j-dd- sawyer . "when you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you-dd-" -- lao tzu . "what is the use of a house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on-qq-" -- henry david thoreau . "i consider christian theology to be one of the greatest disasters of the human race-dd-" -- alfred north whitehead . "most people drive thru life with the parking brake on-dd-" -- lance bradley . "truth is living, it is not static, and the mind that would discover truth must also be living, not burdened with knowledge or experience-dd-" -- j-dd- krishnamurthi . "if everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace-dd-" -- john lennon . "the biggest conspiracy of all is the claim that there are no conspiracies-xx-" -- michael rivero . "the death of dogma is the birth of morality-dd-" -- immanuel kant . "can you sympathize with an exploding star-qq-" -- shawn mikula . "the revolution is a dictatorship of the exploited against the exploiters-dd-" -- fidel castro . "whoever imagines himself a favorite with god holds others in contempt-dd-" -- robert g-dd- ingersoll . "simplicity is the ultimate sophistication-dd-" -- leonardo da vinci . "all religions are founded on the fear of the many and the cleverness of the few-dd-" -- stendhal . "today it is fashionable to talk about the poor-dd- unfortunately, it is not fashionable to talk with them-dd-" -- mother teresa . "no man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience-dd-" -- john a-dd- locke . "life's under no obligation to give us what we expect-dd-" -- margaret mitchell . "the history of war is the history of powerful individuals willing to sacrifice thousands upon thousands of other people's lives for personal gains-dd-" -- michael rivero . "being with a woman all night never hurt no professional baseball player-dd- it's staying up all night looking for a woman that does him in-dd-" -- casey stengel . "the religion of the future will be a cosmic religion, the religion which based on experience, which refuses dogma-dd-" -- albert einstein . "would you like to liberate yourself from the lower realms of life-qq- would you like to save the world from the degradation and destruction it seems destined for-qq- then step away from shallow mass movements and quietly go to work on your own self-awareness-dd-" -- lao tzu . "it is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare-dd-" -- mark twain . "do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else-dd- judge everyone and everything for yourself-dd-" -- henry james . "when a thing has been said and said well, have no scruple-dd- take it and copy it-dd-" -- anatole france . "the secret of happiness is to admire without desiring-dd-" -- f-dd- h-dd- bradley . "to travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries-dd-" -- aldous huxley . "pray: to ask the laws of the universe to be annulled on behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy-dd-" -- ambrose bierce . "the greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions-dd-" -- leonardo da vinci . "even if truth destroys the whole universe, still it is truth; stand by it-dd-" -- swami vivekananda . "the actions of men are the best interpreters of their thoughts-dd-" --john locke . "christians are supposed not merely to endure change, nor even to profit by it, but to cause it-dd-" -- harry emerson fosdick . "every man is guilty of all the good he didn't do-dd-" -- voltaire . "put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour-dd- sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute-dd- that's relativity-dd-" -- albert einstein . "if you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things-dd-" -- rene descartes . "time wounds all heels-dd-" -- jane ace . "beware of all enterprises that require new clothes-dd-" -- henry david thoreau . "manifest plainness, embrace simplicity, reduce selfishness, have few desires-dd-" -- lao tzu . "when a man says he approves of something in principle, it means he hasn't the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice-dd-" -- otto von bismarck . "a man's character is his fate-dd-" -- heraclitus . "quarrels would not last long if only one side was wrong-dd-" -- francois duc de la rochefoucauld . "philosophers have merely interpreted the world-dd- the point is to change it-dd-" -- karl marx . "i am not a communist and neither is the revolutionary movement-dd-" -- fidel castro . "when a nation's young men are conservative, its funeral bell is already rung-dd-" -- henry ward beecher . "science is the great antidote to the poison of enthusiasm and superstition-dd-" -- adam smith . "the brush dance is a yurok healing ritual where being true to yourself means give your best to a person in need-dd- being true to yourself is the one and only yurok indian law-dd-" -- brush dance journal . "happiness is an imaginary condition, formerly attributed by the living to the dead, now usually attributed by adults to children, and by children to adults-dd-" -- thomas szasz . "never explain, your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway-dd-" -- elbert hubbard . "the pious pretense that evil does not exist only makes it vague, enormous and menacing-dd-" -- aleister crowley . "once all struggle is grasped, miracles are possible-dd-" -- mao tse tung . "everybody sooner or later, sits down to a banquet of consequences-dd-" -- robert louis stevenson . "we will be known by the tracks we leave behind-dd-" -- dakota proverb . "if a scholar aspires to the way but is ashamed of bad clothes and bad food, he isn't ready to join the discussion yet-dd-" -- confucius . "earth provides enough to satisfy every man's need, but not every man's greed-dd-" --mohandas gandhi . "-dd--dd--dd-so long as the media are in corporate hands, the task of social change will be vastly more difficult, if not impossible-dd-" -- robert mcchesney . "it is wrong always, everywhere, and for anyone, to believe anything upon insufficient evidence-dd-" -- william kingdon clifford . "i do not believe that any type of religion should ever be introduced into the public schools of the united states-dd-" -- thomas edison . "the radical invents the views-dd- when he has worn them out, the conservative adopts them-dd-" -- mark twain . "monarchy degenerates into tyranny, aristocracy into oligarchy, and democracy into savage violence and chaos-dd-" -- polybius . "never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake-dd-" -- napoleon . "when the water starts boiling it is foolish to turn off the heat-dd-" -- nelson mandela . "the spirit of resistance to government is so valuable on certain occasions that i wish it to be always kept alive-dd-" -- thomas jefferson . "if we continue to develop our technology without wisdom or prudence, our servant may prove to be our executioner-dd-" -- general omar n-dd- bradley . "the rights of women are sacred-dd- see that women are maintained in the rights attributed to them-dd-" -- prophet muhammed . "try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value-dd-" -- albert einstein . "when you meet a worthy person, focus on reaching his level-dd- when you meet an unworthy person, take a good look inside yourself-dd-" -- confucius . "if one were to take the bible seriously one would go mad-dd- but to take the bible seriously, one must be already mad-dd-" -- aleister crowley . "all my humor is based upon destruction and despair-dd- if the whole world were tranquil, without disease and violence, i'd be standing on the breadline right in back of j-dd- edgar hoover-dd-" -- lenny bruce . "if i can't dance, i don't want to be part of your revolution-dd-" -- emma goldman . "it is not what we do, but also what we do not do, for which we are accountable-dd-" -- moliere . "religion is excellent stuff for keeping common people quiet-dd-" -- napoleon . "living is change; growth is optional-dd-" -- juan wa chang . "religion is an insult to human dignity-dd- with or without it, you'd have good people doing good things and evil people doing bad things, but for good people to do bad things, it takes religion-dd-" -- steven weinberg . "it is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper-dd-" -- rod serling . "you have not converted a man because you have silenced him-dd-" -- john morley . "we have a political system that awards office to the most ruthless, cunning, and selfish of mortals, then act surprised when those willing to do anything to win power are equally willing to do anything with it-dd-" -- michael rivero . "use what talent you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best-dd-" -- henry van dyke . "the hardest years in life are those between ten and seventy-dd-" -- helen hayes, age 83 . "everything has been figured out, except how to live-dd-" -- jean paul sartre . "the vast majority of mankind is trapped within perceptual prisons-dd-" -- shawn mikula . "what difference does it make how much you have-qq- what you do not have amounts to much more-dd-" -- seneca . "america -dd--dd--dd- just a nation of two hundred million used car salesmen with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable-dd-" -- hunter s-dd- thompson . "the government of the united states does not, in its policies, express the decency of its people-dd-" -- jerry fresia . "grasshopper, look beyond the game, as you look beneath the surface of the pool to see its depths-dd-" -- master po . "write injuries in sand, kindnesses in marble-dd-" -- french proverb . "kindness is a mark of faith, and whoever has not kindness has not faith-dd-" -- prophet muhammad . "it is not impossible to govern italians-dd- it is merely useless-dd-" -- benito mussolini . "only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and i'm not sure about the former-dd-" -- albert einstein . "every revolution evaporates and leaves behind it only the slime of bureaucracy-dd-" -- franz kafka . "always remember you are a totally unique individual; just like everyone else-dd-" -- unknown . "mythology is what we call someone else's religion-dd-" -- joseph campbell . "christian is a verb not a noun-dd-" -- meria heller . "someday man will imprison the power of the sun, release atomic power, and harness the rise and fall of the tides-dd- i am proud of the fact that i never invented weapons to kill-dd-" -- thomas edison . "beware the man of one book-dd-" -- saint thomas aquinas . "if we don't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we don't believe in it at all-dd-" -- noam chomsky . "the only thing we never get enough of is love; and the only thing we never give enough of is love-dd-" -- henry miller . "the united states is not nearly so concerned that its acts be kept secret from its intended victims as it is that the american people not know of them-dd-" -- ramsey clark . "nothing exists except atoms and empty space; everything else is opinion-dd-" -- democritus . "cancel the kitchen scraps for lepers and orphans-xx- no more merciful beheadings-xx- and call off christmas-xx-" -- the sheriff of nottingham . "the god of the cannibals will be a cannibal, of the crusaders, a crusader, and of the merchants a merchant-dd-" -- ralph waldo emerson . "the degree of one's emotion varies inversely with one's knowledge of the facts-dd- the less you know, the hotter you get-dd-" -- bertrand russel . "knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom-dd- mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power-dd-" -- lao tzu . "the believer is happy; the doubter is wise-dd-" -- hungarian proverb . "i complained that i had no shoes until i met a man who had no feet-dd-" -- persian proverb . "rules of optimization: rule 1: don't do it-dd- rule 2 (for experts only): don't do it yet-dd-" -- m-dd-a-dd- jackson . "more computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason - including blind stupidity-dd-" -- w-dd-a-dd- wulf . "we should forget about small efficiencies, say about 97% of the time: premature optimization is the root of all evil-dd-" -- donald knuth . "> > > goodbye to all-xx- thanks for years of great fun and good > > > business-xx- > > suicide or ms c++-qq- > is there a difference-qq- suicide hurts only once-dd--dd--dd-" -- conversation on borland-dd-public-dd-delphi-dd-non-technical . "may god grant me the grace to one day know the truth-dd- until then, may he spare me the company of those who've already found it-dd-" -- unknown . fundamentalists: believe 2+2=5 because it is written-dd- somewhere-dd- they have a lot of trouble on their tax returns-dd- . "moderate" believers: live their lives on the basis that 2+2=4-dd- but go regularly to church to be told that 2+2 once made 5, or will one day make 5, or in a very real and spiritual sense, should make 5-dd- . "moderate" atheists: know that 2+2=4 but think it impolite to say so too loudly as people who think 2+2=5 might be offended-dd- . "militant" atheists: "oh for pity's sake-dd- here-dd- two pebbles-dd- two more pebbles-dd- four pebbles-dd- what is wrong with you people-qq-" . "if you try and take a cat apart to see how it works, the first thing you have in your hands is a non-working cat-dd-" -- douglas adams . "finagle's law of dynamic negatives: anything that can go wrong, will -- at the worst possible moment-dd-" . "o'toole's corollary of finagle's law: the perversity of the universe tends towards a maximum-dd-" . "hofstadter's law: it always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account hofstadter's law-dd-" . "many journalists have fallen for the conspiracy theory of government-dd- i do assure you that they would produce more accurate work if they adhered to the cock-up theory-dd-" -- sir bernard ingham . "misunderstandings and neglect create more confusion in this world than trickery and malice-dd- at any rate, the last two are certainly much less frequent-dd-" -- goethe, "werther" . "genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped-dd-" -- elbert hubbard . "hanlon's razor: never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity-dd-" . "asswhole = a complete ass" -- john mctaggart in bpot . "free speech is the right to yell "theater-xx-" in a crowded fire-dd--dd--dd-" -- abbie hoffman . "a bird in the hand makes it hard to blow your nose-dd-" . "don't drive me crazy -- it's within walking distance-dd-" . "the early worm deserves the bird-dd-" . "we need either less corruption or more chance to participate in it-dd-" . "they laughed when i said i'd be a comedian-dd- they aren't laughing now-dd-" . "there are many kinds of people in the world-dd- are you one of them-qq-" . "we totally deny the allegations, and we are trying to identify the allegators-dd-" . "when you've seen one non-sequitur, the price of tea in china-dd-" . "nine out of ten doctors agree that one out of ten doctors is an idiot-dd-" . "save the whales-xx- collect the whole set-xx-" . "tv is called a medium because it is neither rare nor well done-dd-" . "gentleman: knows how to play the bagpipes, but doesn't-dd-" . "courage: two cannibals having oral sex-dd-" . "emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far-dd- especially if they are dead-dd-" . "every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it-dd-" . "experience is what you get when you were expecting something else-dd-" . "familiarity breeds children-dd-" . "if it wasn't for muscle spasms, i wouldn't get any exercise at all-dd-" . "i have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer-dd-" -- albran . "i could not possibly fail to disagree with you less-dd-" . "if all the world's managers were laid end to end, it would be an improvement-dd-" . "let him who takes the plunge remember to return it by tuesday-dd-" . "smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics-dd-" -- fletcher knebel . "my last cow just died, so i won't need your bull anymore-dd-" . "radioactive cats have 18 half-lives-dd-" . "people who think they know everything greatly annoy those of us who do-dd-" . "if it wasn't for lawyers, we wouldn't need them-dd-" . "my opinions might have changed, but not the fact that i am right-dd-" . "love: the warm feeling you get towards someone who meets your neurotic needs-dd-" . "don't sweat the petty things, just pet the sweaty things-dd-" . "a closed mouth gathers no foot-dd-" . "despite the high cost of living, it remains popular-dd-" . "a good pun is its own reword-dd-" . "all things are possible, except skiing through a revolving door-dd-" . "democracy is where you can say what you think even if you don't think-dd-" . "cole's law: thinly sliced cabbage-dd-" . "an effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible-dd-" . "all rights left-dd- all lefts reserved-dd- all reserves removed-dd- all removes right-dd-" . "you never really learn to swear until you learn to drive-dd-" . "machine-dd- unexpectedly, i'd invented a time-dd-" -- alan moore . "if tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy-dd-" -- james madison . "in germany they first came for the communists, and i didn't speak up because i wasn't a communist-dd- then they came for the jews, and i didn't speak up because i wasn't a jew-dd- then they came for the trade unionists, and i didn't speak up because i wasn't a trade unionist-dd- then they came for the catholics, and i didn't speak up because i was a protestant-dd- then they came for me - and by that time no one was left to speak up-dd-" -- pastor martin niem�ller . "the problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can be pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues-dd-" -- elizabeth taylor . "talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish-dd-" -- euripides . "invading iraq after 9/11 was like invading mexico after pearl harbor-dd-" -- richard clarke . "i've never seen anyone change his mind because of the power of a superior argument or the acquisition of new facts-dd- but i've seen plenty of people change behavior to avoid being mocked-dd-" -- scott adams . "the years of peak mental activity are undoubtedly between the ages of four and eighteen-dd- at four we know all the questions, at eighteen all the answers-dd-" -- unknown . "i'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in-dd-" -- george mcgovern . "the music business is a cruel and shallow money trench, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free, and good men die like dogs-dd- there's also a negative side"-dd- -- hunter s-dd- thompson . "what a cruel thing is war: to separate and destroy families and friends, and mar the purest joys and happiness god has granted us in this world; to fill our hearts with hatred instead of love for our neighbors, and to devastate the fair face of this beautiful world-dd-" -- robert e-dd- lee, letter to his wife, 1864 . "pardon him, theodotus; he is a barbarian, and thinks that the customs of his tribe and island are the laws of nature-dd-" -- george bernard shaw . "the competent programmer is fully aware of the limited size of his own skull-dd- he therefore approaches his task with full humility, and avoids clever tricks like the plague-dd-" -- edsger w-dd- dijkstra, ewd340 . "ignorance simplifies any problem-dd-" -- r-dd- lucke . "the chain reaction of evil -- wars producing more wars -- must be broken, or we shall be plunged into the dark abyss of annihilation-dd-" -- martin luther king, jr-dd- . "before the war is ended, the war party assumes the divine right to denounce and silence all opposition to war as unpatriotic and cowardly-dd-" -- senator robert m-dd- la follette . "after every 'victory' you have more enemies-dd-" -- jeanette winterson . "our children are not born to hate, they are raised to hate-dd-" -- thomas della peruta . "the shepherd always tries to persuade the sheep that their interests and his own are the same-dd-" -- marie beyle . "i hate those men who would send into war youth to fight and die for them; the pride and cowardice of those old men, making their wars that boys must die-dd-" -- mary roberts rinehart . "guard against the impostures of pretended patriotism-dd-" -- george washington . "the de facto role of the us armed forces will be to keep the world safe for our economy and open to our cultural assault-dd-" -- major ralph peters, us military . "patriotism means to stand by the country-dd- it does not mean to stand by the president or any other public official-dd--dd--dd-" -- theodore roosevelt . "the worst crimes were dared by a few, willed by more and tolerated by all-dd-" -- tacitus . "military glory -- that attractive rainbow, that rises in showers of blood -- that serpent's eye, that charms to destroy-dd--dd--dd-" -- abraham lincoln . "only a free and unrestrained press can effectively expose deception in government-dd-" -- hugo black, supreme court justice . "war is fear cloaked in courage-dd-" -- general william westmoreland . "because i do it with one small ship, i am called a terrorist-dd- you do it with a whole fleet and are called an emperor-dd-" -- a pirate, from st-dd- augustine's "city of god" . "what is morally wrong can never be advantageous, even when it enables you to make some gain that you believe to be to your advantage-dd-" -- marcus tullius cicero . "everybody's worried about stopping terrorism-dd- well, there's a really easy way: stop participating in it-dd-" -- noam chomsky . "it is far easier to make war than peace-dd-" -- georges clemenceau . "the belief in the possibility of a short decisive war appears to be one of the most ancient and dangerous of human illusions-dd-" -- robert lynd . "of all the enemies to public liberty, war is perhaps the most to be dreaded because it comprises and develops the germ of every other-dd-" -- james madison . "war doesn't make boys men, it makes men dead-dd-" -- ken gillespie . "every nation has its war party-dd- it is not the party of democracy-dd- it is the party of autocracy-dd- it seeks to dominate absolutely-dd-" -- senator robert m-dd- la follette . "it is the job of thinking people not to be on the side of the executioners-dd-" -- albert camus . "paramount among the responsibilities of a free press is the duty to prevent any part of the government from deceiving the people-dd-" -- hugo black, supreme court justice . "liberty and democracy become unholy when their hands are dyed red with innocent blood-dd-" -- mahatma gandhi . "peace is constructed, not fought for-dd-" -- brent davis . "in this war - as in others - i am less interested in honoring the dead than in preventing the dead-dd-" -- butler shaffer . "it is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood-dd--dd--dd- war is hell-dd-" -- general william tecumseh sherman . "it is dangerous to be right when the government is wrong-dd-" -- voltaire . "the worst barbarity of war is that it forces men collectively to commit acts against which individually they would revolt with their whole being-dd-" -- ellen key . "some men, in order to prevent the supposed intentions of their adversaries, have committed the most enormous cruelties-dd-" -- clearchus, in xenophon . "[war] might be avoidable were more emphasis placed on the training to social interest, less on the attainment of egotistical grandeur-dd-" -- lydia sicher . "look at you in war-dd- there has never been a just one, never an honorable one, on the part of the instigator of the war-dd-" -- mark twain . "everything secret degenerates, even the administration of justice-dd-" -- lord acton . "military justice is to justice what military music is to music-dd-" -- groucho marx . "violence is the last refuge of the incompetent-dd-" -- issac asimov . "a state of war only serves as an excuse for domestic tyranny-dd-" -- aleksandr solzhenitsyn . "war is not the continuation of politics with different means, it is the greatest mass-crime perpetrated on the community of man-dd-" -- alfred adler . "we will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other's children-dd-" -- jimmy carter . "the dangerous patriot -dd--dd--dd- is a defender of militarism and its ideals of war and glory-dd-" -- colonel james a-dd- donovan, marine corps . "to jaw-jaw is always better than to war-war-dd-" -- winston churchill . "man has no right to kill his brother-dd- it is no excuse that he does so in uniform: he only adds the infamy of servitude to the crime of murder-dd-" -- percy bysshe shelley . "is it not a strange blindness on our part to teach publicly the techniques of warfare and to reward with medals those who prove to be the most adroit killers-qq-" -- marquis de sade . "the cry has been that when war is declared, all opposition should be hushed-dd- a sentiment more unworthy of a free country could hardly be propagated-dd-" -- william ellery channing . "our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear - kept us in a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor - with the cry of grave national emergency-dd-" -- general douglas macarthur . "the internet is not something you just dump something on-dd- it's not a truck-dd- it's a series of tubes-xx-" -- sen-dd- ted stevens, chairman of the united states senate committee on commerce, science and transportation . "elegance is not a dispensable luxury but a factor that decides between success and failure-dd-" -- edsger dijkstra . "it's wonderful to be here in the great state of chicago-dd-" -- dan quayle . "if al gore invented the internet, i invented spell check-dd-" -- dan quayle . "my current job sucks so hard, black holes are going green with envy-dd-" -- liz kimber, in borland-dd-*-dd-*-dd-*-dd-delphi-dd-win32 . "i was playing poker the other night-dd--dd--dd- with tarot cards-dd- i got a full house and 4 people died-dd-" -- steven wright . "'everything you say is boring and incomprehensible', she said, 'but that alone doesn't make it true-dd-'" -- franz kafka . "should array indices start at 0 or 1-qq- my compromise of 0-dd-5 was rejected without, i thought, proper consideration-dd-" -- stan kelly-bootle . "if electricity comes from electrons, does that mean that morality comes from morons-qq-" -- unknown . "the company doesn't tell me what to say, and i don't tell them where to stick it-dd-" -- unknown . "the only way to combat criminals is by not voting for them-dd-" -- dayton allen . "a camel is a horse designed by a committee" -- unknown . "i'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol that some thinkle peep i am-dd- it's just the drunker i sit here the longer i get-dd-" -- unknown . "sex is like air-dd- it's only a big deal if you can't get any-dd-" -- unknown . amazing but true -dd--dd--dd- there is so much sand in northern africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the sahara desert-dd- . "support your local search and rescue unit -- get lost-dd-" -- unknown . "a great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices-dd-" -- william james . "the whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts-dd-" -- bertrand russell . "the bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of an expanding bureaucracy-dd-" -- unknown . "i took a course in speed reading and was able to read war and peace in twenty minutes-dd- it's about russia-dd-" -- woody allen . "jesus may love you, but i think you're garbage wrapped in skin-dd-" -- michael o'donohugh . "ah, you know the type-dd- they like to blame it all on the jews or the blacks, 'cause if they couldn't, they'd have to wake up to the fact that life's one big, scary, glorious, complex and ultimately unfathomable crapshoot -- and the only reason they can't seem to keep up is they're a bunch of misfits and losers-dd-" -- an analysis of neo-nazis, from "the badger" comic . "subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the way before it is understood-dd-" -- unknown . "tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head-dd-" -- unknown . "the study of non-linear physics is like the study of non-elephant biology-dd-" -- unknown . "i do not have a body, i am a body-dd-" -- unknown . "if people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed-dd-" -- albert einstein . "a radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives-dd-" -- unknown . "clothes make the man-dd- naked people have little or no influence on society-dd-" -- mark twain . "i doubt, therefore i might be-dd-" -- unknown . "if you believe in telekinesis, raise my hand-dd-" -- unknown . "light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong-dd- no matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it-dd-" -- terry pratchett (reaper man) . "if you take something apart and put it back together again enough times, you will eventually have enough parts left over to build a second one-dd-" -- the law of inanimate reproduction . "i have spoken many a word, therefore, it is fact-dd-" -- eric the verbose . "puritanism: the haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy-dd-" -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . "roses are #ff0000 violets are #0000ff all my base are belong to you-xx-" -- geek valentine t-shirt at thinkgeek . "as nightfall does not come at once, neither does oppression-dd- in both instances, there is a twilight when everything remains unchanged-dd- and it is in such twilight that we all must be most aware of change in the air - however slight - lest we become unwitting victims of the darkness-dd-" -- supreme court justice william o-dd- douglas . "the surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently" -- friedrich nietzsche . "conservatives are not necessarily stupid, but most stupid people are conservatives" -- john stuart mill . "throughout american history, the government has said we're in an unprecedented crisis and that we must live without civil liberties until the crisis is over-dd- it's a hoax-dd-" -- yale kamisar, 1990-dd- . "quoting coulter is kind of like quoting joe mccarthy; no doubt it does well when you're pandering to a group of like-minded hate mongerers, but it earns you a well-deserved reputation as a vicious, mean-spirited airhead and intellectual lightweight in more analytical and dispassionate circles-dd-" -- mark vaughan in borland-dd-public-dd-off-topic . "under conditions of competition, standards are set by the morally least reputable agent-dd-" -- philosopher/economist john stuart mill . "a terrorist is someone who has a bomb, but doesn't have an air force-dd-" -- william blum . "you cannot depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus-dd-" -- mark twain . "once you've written tbicycle, you never forget how-dd-" -- oliver townshend in b-dd-p-dd-d-dd-n-t-dd- . "when the rich think about the poor, they have poor ideas-dd-" -- evita peron . "any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain - and most fools do-dd-" -- dale carnegie . "real punks help little old ladies across the street because it shocks more people than if they spit on the sidewalk-dd-" -- unknown . "if you can read this you're not aiming in the right direction-dd-" -- toilet-ceiling graffiti . "getting an education was a bit like a communicable sexual disease-dd- it made you unsuitable for a lot of jobs and then you had the urge to pass it on-dd-" -- terry pratchett, hogfather . "to understand a man you should walk a mile in his shoes-dd- if what he says still bothers you that's ok because you'll be a mile away from him and you'll have his shoes-dd-" -- unknown . "i'm trying to see things from your point of view but i can't get my head that far up my ass-dd-" --- unknown . "early to rise, early to bed, makes a man healthy but socially dead-dd-" -- the warner brothers (animaniacs) . "i hope life isn't a big joke -dd--dd--dd- because i don't get it-dd-" -- unknown . "i'd stop eating chocolate, but i'm no quitter-dd-" -- unknown . "i'm so poor i can't even pay attention-dd-" -- unknown . "it's dangerous to underestimate the intelligence of a customer who grew a business that's successful enough to require a large and complex set of software" -- grady booch . "a physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms-dd-" -- george wald . "it's the liberal bias-dd- the press is liberally biased to the right-dd-" -- ken de camargo . "83-dd-7% of all statistics are made up" - stephen wright . "that is the saving grace of humor, if you fail no one is laughing at you-dd-" -- a-dd- whitney brown . "humor is the only test of gravity, and gravity of humor; for a subject which will not bear raillery is suspicious, and a jest which will not bear serious examination is false wit-dd-" -- aristotle (384 bc-322 bc) . "all i need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl-dd-" -- charlie chaplin (1889-1977), in my autobiography (1964) . "total absence of humor renders life impossible-dd-" -- colette (1873-1954), chance acquaintances, 1952 . "humor is always based on a modicum of truth-dd- have you ever heard a joke about a father-in-law-qq-" -- dick clark . "a sense of humor is part of the art of leadership, of getting along with people, of getting things done-dd-" -- dwight d-dd- eisenhower (1890-1969) . "analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog-dd- few people are interested and the frog dies of it-dd-" -- e-dd- b-dd- white (1899-1985) . "humor is by far the most significant activity of the human brain-dd-" -- edward de bono . "the world is a tragedy to those who feel, but a comedy to those who think-dd-" -- horace walpole (1717-1797) . "if there's one thing i know it's god does love a good joke-dd-" -- hugh elliott, standing room only weblog, 05-01-04 . "the only rules comedy can tolerate are those of taste, and the only limitations those of libel-dd-" -- james thurber (1894-1961) . "the wit makes fun of other persons; the satirist makes fun of the world; the humorist makes fun of himself-dd-" -- james thurber (1894-1961), in edward r-dd- murrow television interview . "where humor is concerned there are no standards - no one can say what is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will-dd-" -- john kenneth galbraith (1908-2006) . "one doesn't have a sense of humor-dd- it has you-dd-" -- larry gelbart . "humor is the great thing, the saving thing-dd- the minute it crops up, all our irritations and resentments slip away and a sunny spirit takes their place-dd-" -- mark twain (1835-1910) . "humor is a rubber sword - it allows you to make a point without drawing blood-dd-" -- mary hirsch . "humor is just another defense against the universe-dd-" -- mel brooks (1926- ) . "comedy is simply a funny way of being serious-dd-" -- peter ustinov (1921-2004) . "comedy is nothing more than tragedy deferred-dd-" -- pico iyer, time . "wit makes its own welcome and levels all distinctions-dd-" -- ralph waldo emerson (1803-1882) . "defining and analyzing humor is a pastime of humorless people-dd-" -- robert benchley (1889 - 1945) . "humor is also a way of saying something serious-dd-" -- t-dd- s-dd- eliot (1888 - 1965) . "there's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you-dd-" -- will rogers (1879-1935) . "politicians are like diapers-dd- they should be changed often, and for the same reason-dd-" -- anonymous . "small minds run in the same gutter-dd-" -- alfred e-dd- neuman . "programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots-dd- so far, the universe is winning-dd-" -- rich cook-dd- . "computer dating is fine, if you're a computer-dd-" -- rita may brown-dd- . "all sorts of computer errors are now turning up-dd- you'd be surprised to know the number of doctors who claim they are treating pregnant men-dd-" -- isaac asimov-dd- . "to err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer-dd-" -- paul ehrlich-dd- . "the trouble with the internet is that it's replacing masturbation as a leisure activity-dd-" -- patrick murray-dd- . "beware of computer programmers that carry screwdrivers-dd-" -- leonard brandwein-dd- . "unix is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity-dd-" -- dennis ritchie-dd- . "the perfect computer has been developed-dd- you just feed in your problems and they never come out again-dd-" -- al goodman-dd- . "the most overlooked advantage of owning a computer is that if they foul up there's no law against whacking them around a bit-dd-" -- eric porterfield-dd- . "computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do don't need to be done-dd-" -- andy rooney-dd- . "computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes" -- edsger w-dd- dijkstra-dd- . "the great thing about a computer notebook is that no matter how much you stuff into it, it doesn't get bigger or heavier-dd-" -- bill gates-dd- . "not even computers will replace committees, because committees buy computers-dd-" -- unknown . "i do not fear computers-dd- i fear the lack of them-dd-" -- isaac asimov-dd- . "computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in the world that just don't add up-dd-" -- james magary-dd- . "in all large corporations, there is a pervasive fear that someone, somewhere is having fun with a computer on company time-dd- networks help alleviate that fear-dd-" -- john c-dd- dvorak-dd- . "imagine if every thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way-dd- this happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining-dd-" -- jeff raskin-dd- . "if computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee -- that will do them in-dd-" -- bradley's bromide-dd- . "the most likely way for the world to be destroyed, most experts agree, is by accident-dd- that's where we come in; we're computer professionals-dd- we cause accidents-dd-" -- nathaniel borenstein-dd- . "to err is human -- and to blame it on a computer is even more so-dd-" -- robert orben-dd- . "if the automobile had followed the same development cycle as the computer, a rolls-royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per gallon, and explode once a year, killing everyone inside-dd-" -- robert x-dd- cringely-dd- . "if you put tomfoolery into a computer, nothing comes out of it but tomfoolery-dd- but this tomfoolery, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow enobled and no-one dares criticize it-dd-" -- pierre gallois-dd- . "descended from the apes-qq- let us hope that it is not true-dd- but if it is, let us pray that it may not become generally known-dd-" -- fa montagu-dd- . "i am an expert of electricity-dd- my father occupied the chair of applied electricity at the state prison-dd-" -- wc fields-dd- . "my advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher-dd-" -- socrates-dd- . "an intellectual is someone who has found something more interesting than sex-dd-" -- edgar wallace-dd- . "you ask me if i keep a notebook to record my great ideas-dd- i've only ever had one-dd-" -- albert einstein-dd- . "only one man ever understood me, and he didn't understand me-dd-" -- gw hegel-dd- . "chaos theory is a new theory invented by scientists panicked by the thought that the public were beginning to understand the old ones-dd-" -- mike barfield-dd- . "the secret of creativity is knowing how to hide your sources-dd-" -- albert einstein-dd- . "louis pasteur's theory of germs is ridiculous fiction-dd-" -- pierre pachet, professor of physiology at toulouse, 1872 . "the wireless music box has no imaginable commercial value-dd- who would pay for a message sent to nobody in particular-qq-" -- david sarnoff's associates in response to his urging for investment in the radio in the 1920s-dd- . "researchers have discovered that chocolate produces some of the same reactions in the brain as marijuana-dd- the researchers also discovered other similarities between the two but can't remember what they are-dd-" -- matt lauer on nbc's today show-dd- . "if it weren't for electricity we'd all be watching television by candlelight-dd-" -- george gobel-dd- . "usa today has come out with a new survey: apparently three out of four people make up 75 percent of the population-dd-" -- david letterman-dd- . "in ancient times they had no statistics so they had to fall back on lies-dd-" -- stephen leacock-dd- . "ketchup left overnight on dinner plates has a longer half-life than radioactive waste-dd-" -- wes smith-dd- . "biologically speaking, if something bites you it's more likely to be female-dd-" -- desmond morris-dd- . "when i die i'm going to leave my body to science fiction-dd-" -- steven wright-dd- . "inanimate objects can be classified scientifically into three major categories; those that don't work, those that break down and those that get lost-dd-" -- russell baker-dd- . "heaven is an american salary, a chinese cook, an english house, and a japanese wife-dd- hell is defined as having a chinese salary, an english cook, a japanese house, and an american wife-dd-" -- james h-dd- kabbler iii-dd- . "when his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, 'why god-qq- why me-qq-' and the thundering voice of god answered, 'there's just something about you that pisses me off-dd-'" -- stephen king-dd- . "how can i believe in god when just last week i got my tongue caught in the roller of an electric typewriter-qq-" -- woody allen-dd- . "if there is no god, who pops up the next kleenex-qq-" -- art hoppe-dd- . "my mother said to me, "if you are a soldier, you will become a general-dd- if you are a monk, you will become the pope-dd-" instead, i was a painter, and became picasso-dd-" -- pablo picasso-dd- . "i was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; i looked into the soul of the boy next to me-dd-" -- woody allen-dd- . "a good sermon should be like a woman's skirt: short enough to arouse interest but long enough to cover the essentials-dd-" -- ronald knox-dd- . "not only is there no god, but you try getting a plumber at weekends-dd-" -- woody allen-dd- . "as god once said, and i think rightly-dd--dd--dd-" -- margaret thatcher-dd- . "hearing nuns' confessions is like being stoned to death with popcorn-dd-" -- fulton sheen-dd- . "if there is no hell, a good many preachers are obtaining money under false pretences-dd-" -- william sunday-dd- . "i admire the pope-dd- i have a lot of respect for anyone who can tour without an album-dd-" -- rita rudner-dd- . "thank god i'm an atheist-dd-" -- luis bunuel-dd- . "the bible was a consolation to a fellow alone in the old cell-dd- the lovely thin paper with a bit of matress stuffing in it, if you could get a match, was as good a smoke as i ever tasted-dd-" -- brendan behan-dd- . "in the begining there was nothing and god said 'let there be light', and there was still nothing but everybody could see it-dd-" -- dave thomas-dd- . "sailors ought never to go to church-dd- they ought to go to hell, where it is much more comfortable-dd-" -- hg wells-dd- . "if absolute power corrupts absolutely, where does that leave god-qq-" -- george deacon-dd- . "i don't believe in the after life, although i am bringing a change of underwear-dd-" -- woody allen-dd- . "when i was a kid i used to pray every night for a new bicycle-dd- then i realised that the lord doesn't work that way so i stole one and asked him to forgive me-dd-" -- emo philips-dd- . "when i told the people of northern ireland that i was an atheist, a woman in the audience stood up and said, 'yes, but is it the god of the catholics or the god of the protestants in whom you don't believe-qq-" -- quentin crisp-dd- . "when i am dead, i hope it may be said: 'his sins were scarlet but his books were read-dd-" -- hillaire belloc-dd- . "sometimes i lie awake at night, and i ask, 'where have i gone wrong-qq-' then a voice says to me, 'this is going to take more than one night-dd-'" -- charlie brown-dd- . "maybe there is no actual place called hell-dd- maybe hell is just having to listen to our grandparents breathe through their noses when they're eating sandwiches-dd-" -- jim carrey-dd- . "when did i realize i was god-qq- well, i was praying and i suddenly realized i was talking to myself-dd-" -- peter o'toole-dd- . "they say such nice things about people at their funerals that it makes me sad that i'm going to miss mine by just a few days-dd-" -- garrison kielor-dd- . "it was god who made me so beautiful-dd- if i weren't, then i'd be a teacher-dd-" -- linda evangelista-dd- . "the secret of a good sermon is to have a good beginning and a good ending, then having the two as close together as possible-dd-" -- george burns-dd- . "i would have made a good pope-dd-" -- richard nixon-dd- . "i was raised in the jewish tradition, taught never to marry a gentile woman, shave on a saturday night and, most especially, never to shave a gentile woman on a saturday night-dd-" -- woody allen-dd- . "god is love, but get it in writing-dd-" -- gypsy rose lee-dd- . "i don't pray because i don't want to bore god-dd-" -- orson welles-dd- . "as the poet said, 'only god can make a tree,' probably because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on-dd-" -- woody allen-dd- . "i have four children which is not bad considering i'm not a catholic-dd-" -- peter ustinov-dd- . "i hear glenn hoddle has found god-dd- that must have been one hell of a pass-dd-" -- bob davies-dd- . "and god said, 'let there be light' and there was light, but the electricity board said he would have to wait until thursday to be connected-dd-" -- spike milligan-dd- . "no mention of god-dd- they keep him up their sleeves for as long as they can, vicars do-dd- they know it puts people off-dd-" -- alan bennett-dd- . "i'm jewish-dd- i don't work out-dd- if god had wanted us to bend over, he would have put diamonds on the floor-dd-" -- joan rivers-dd- . "there is a charm about the forbidden that makes it unspeakably diserable-dd-" -- mark twain-dd- . "always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours-dd-" -- yogi berra-dd- . "death is a low chemical trick played on everybody except sequoia trees-dd-" -- jj furnas-dd- . "dying is a very dull, dreary affair-dd- and my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it-dd-" -- w-dd- somerset maugham-dd- . "early to rise and early to bed-dd- makes a male healthy, wealthy and dead-dd-" -- james thurber-dd- . "everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die-dd-" -- joe louis-dd- . "he had decided to live forever or die in the attempt-dd-" -- joseph heller-dd- . "i am ready to meet my maker-dd- whether my maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter-dd-" -- winston churchill-dd- . "death is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down-dd- the difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you-dd-" -- woody allen-dd- . "all our knowledge merely helps us to die a more painful death than animals that know nothing-dd-" -- maurice maeterlinck-dd- . "a single death is a tragedy, a million deaths is a statistic-dd-" -- joseph stalin-dd- . "eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it-dd-" -- woody allen-dd- . "everything is drive-through-dd- in california, they even have a burial service called jump-in-the-box-dd-" -- wil shriner-dd- . "in this world, nothing is certain but death and taxes-dd-" -- benjamin franklin-dd- . "the fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for someone who's dead-dd-" -- albert einstein-dd- . "i wouldn't mind dying - it's the business of having to stay dead that scares the shit out of me-dd-" -- r-dd- geis-dd- . "it's impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune-dd-" -- woody allen-dd- . "for if he like a madman lived, at least he like a wise one died-dd-" -- cervantes-dd- . "death does not concern us, because as long as we exist, death is not here-dd- and when it does come, we no longer exist-dd-" -- epicurus-dd- . "am i lightheaded because i'm not dead or because i'm still alive-qq-" -- heidi sandige-dd- . "a low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls-dd-" -- george w-dd- bush . "i was raised in the west-dd- the west of texas-dd- it's pretty close to california-dd- in more ways than washington, d-dd-c-dd-, is close to california-dd-" -- george w-dd- bush . "rarely is the question asked: is our children learning-qq-" -- george w-dd- bush . "what i am against is quotas-dd- i am against hard quotas, quotas they basically delineate based upon whatever-dd- however they delineate, quotas, i think, vulcanize society-dd- so i don't know how that fits into what everybody else is saying, their relative positions, but that's my position-dd-" -- george w-dd- bush . "it's clearly a budget-dd- it's got a lot of numbers in it-dd-" -- george w-dd- bush . "one word sums up probably the responsibility of any governor, and that one word is 'to be prepared'-dd-" -- george w-dd- bush . "if you're sick and tired of the politics of cynicism and polls and principles, come and join this campaign-dd-" -- george w-dd- bush . "we must all hear the universal call to like your neighbor like you like to be liked yourself-dd-" -- george w-dd- bush . "the most important job is not to be governor, or first lady in my case-dd-" -- george w-dd- bush . "if people can judge me on the company i keep, they would judge me with keeping really good company with laura-dd-" -- george w-dd- bush . "you'll notice that nancy reagan never drinks water when ronnie speaks-dd-" -- robin williams-dd- . "i'm not going to have some reporters pawing through our papers-dd- we are the president-dd-" -- hillary clinton-dd- . "a committee is a group of people who individually can do nothing but together can decide that nothing can be done-dd-" -- fred allen-dd- . "richard nixon is a no good, lying bastard-dd- he can lie out of both sides of his mouth at the same time, and if he ever caught himself telling the truth, he'd lie just to keep his hand in-dd-" -- harry s-dd- truman-dd- . "behind every successful man is a woman, behind her is his wife-dd-" -- groucho marx . "marry me and i'll never look at another horse-xx-" -- groucho marx . "a woman is an occasional pleasure but a cigar is always a smoke-dd-" -- groucho marx . "outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend-dd- inside of a dog, it's too dark to read-dd-" -- groucho marx . "why was i with her-qq- she reminds me of you-dd- in fact, she reminds me more of you than you do-xx-" -- groucho marx . "women should be obscene and not heard-dd-" -- groucho marx . "either he's dead or my watch has stopped-dd-" -- groucho marx . "i don't care to belong to a club that accepts people like me as members-dd-" -- groucho marx . "i must confess, i was born at a very early age-dd-" -- groucho marx . "i have had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it-dd-" -- groucho marx . "room service-qq- send up a larger room-dd-" -- groucho marx . "i never forget a face, but in your case i'll be glad to make an exception-dd-" -- groucho marx . "a man's only as old as the woman he feels-dd-" -- groucho marx . "one morning i shot a bear in my pajamas-dd- how it got into my pajamas i'll never know-dd-" -- groucho marx . "if i held you any closer i would be on the other side of you-dd-" -- groucho marx . "i was married by a judge-dd- i should have asked for a jury-dd-" -- groucho marx . "who are you going to believe, me or your own eyes-qq-" -- groucho marx . "quote me as saying i was mis-quoted-dd-" -- groucho marx . "a child of five could understand this-dd- fetch me a child of five-dd-" -- groucho marx . "those are my principles-dd- if you don't like them i have others-dd-" -- groucho marx . "police arrested two kids yesterday, one was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks-dd- they charged one and let the other one off-dd-" -- tommy cooper . "a blind bloke walks into a shop with a guide dog-dd- he picks the dog up and starts swinging it around his head-dd- alarmed, a shop assistant calls out: 'can i help, sir-qq-' 'no thanks,' says the blind bloke-dd- 'just looking-dd-'" -- tommy cooper . "it's strange, isn't it-dd- you stand in the middle of a library and go 'aaaaagghhhh' and everyone just stares at you-dd- but you do the same thing on an aeroplane, and everyone joins in-dd-" -- tommy cooper . "so i was getting into my car, and this bloke says to me "can you give me a lift-qq-" i said "sure, you look great, the world's your oyster, go for it-dd-'" -- tommy cooper . "you know, somebody actually complimented me on my driving today-dd- they left a little note on the windscreen, it said 'parking fine-dd-'" -- tommy cooper . "so i went to the dentist-dd- he said "say aaah-dd-" i said "why-qq-" he said "my dog's died-dd-'" -- tommy cooper . "so i rang up a local building firm, i said 'i want a skip outside my house-dd-' he said 'i'm not stopping you-dd-'" -- tommy cooper . "so i was in my car, and i was driving along, and my boss rang up and he said 'you've been promoted'-dd- and i swerved-dd- and then he rang up a second time and said 'you've been promoted again'-dd- and i swerved again-dd- he rang up a third time and said 'you're managing director-dd-' and i went into a tree-dd- and a policeman came up and said 'what happened to you-qq-' and i said 'i careered off the road-dd-'" -- tommy cooper . "don't knock masturbation, it's sex with someone i love -dd-" -- woody allen, from 'annie hall' 1977-dd- . "a fast word about oral contraception-dd- i asked a girl to go to bed with me, she said 'no'-dd-" -- woody allen . "it's not that i'm afraid to die, i just don't want to be there when it happens-dd-" -- woody allen, from 'death' 1975-dd- . "there are worse things in life than death-dd- have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman-qq-" -- woody allen . "money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons-dd-" -- woody allen, from 'without feathers' 1976-dd- . "i failed to make the chess team because of my height-dd-" -- woody allen . "i believe that sex is a beautiful thing between two people-dd- between five, it's fantastic-dd-" -- woody allen . "love is the answer - but while you're waiting for the answer sex raises some pretty good questions-dd-" -- woody allen . "i'm very proud of my gold pocket watch-dd- my grandfather, on his deathbed, sold me this watch-dd-" -- woody allen . "i'm always amazed to hear of air crash victims so badly mutilated that they have to be identified by their dental records-dd- what i can't understand is, if they don't know who you are, how do they know who your dentist is-qq-" -- paul merton-dd- . "the stones, i love the stones-dd- i watch them whenever i can-dd- fred, barney-dd--dd--dd-" -- steven wright-dd- . "first you forget names, then you forget faces-dd- next you forget to pull your zipper up and finally, you forget to pull it down-dd-" -- george burns-dd- . "the pen is mightier than the sword, and considerably easier to write with-dd-" -- marty feldman-dd- . "we had gay burglars the other night-dd- they broke in and rearranged the furniture-dd-" -- robin williams-dd- . "if toast always lands butter-side down, and cats always land on their feet, what happens if you strap toast on the back of a cat and drop it-qq-" -- steven wright-dd- . "i'm desperately trying to figure out why kamikaze pilots wore helmets-dd-" -- dave edison-dd- . "did you ever walk in a room and forget why you walked in-qq- i think that's how dogs spend their lives-dd-" -- sue murphy-dd- . "a sure cure for seasickness is to sit under a tree-dd-" -- spike milligan-dd- . "why don't they make the whole plane out of that black box stuff-dd-" -- steven wright-dd- . "i once heard two ladies going on and on about the pains of childbirth and how men don't seem to know what real pain is-dd- i asked if either of them ever got themselves caught in a zipper-dd-" -- emo philips-dd- . "my neighbour asked if he could use my lawnmower and i told him of course he could, so long as he didn't take it out of my garden-dd-" -- eric morecambe-dd- . "you're about as useful as a one-legged man at an arse kicking contest-dd-" -- rowan atkinson-dd- . "he managed to stupid himself right into the white house-dd-" -- charles appel about george w-dd- bush . "reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away-dd-" -- philip k-dd- dick-dd- . "believe those who are seeking the truth-dd- doubt those who find it-dd-" -- andr� gide . "just because bulldozers are used to build highways doesn't mean bulldozers are the best way to travel on a highway-dd-" -- danny thorpe in borland-dd-public-dd-delphi-dd-non-technical . "write a wise word and your name will live forever-dd-" -- anonymous . "to the honourable member opposite i say, when he goes home tonight, may his mother run out from under the porch and bark at him" -- john g-dd- diefenbaker . "sterling's corollary to clarke's law: any sufficiently advanced garbage is indistinguishable from magic-dd-" . "minsky's second law: don't just do something-dd- stand there-dd-" -- marvin minsky . "devlin's first law - buyer beware: in the hands of a charlatan, mathematics can be used to make a vacuous argument look impressive-dd- devlin's second law - so can powerpoint-dd-" -- keith devlin . "gigerenzer's law of indispensable ignorance: the world cannot function without partially ignorant people-dd-" -- gerd gigerenzer . "lohr's law: the future is merely the past with a twist - and better tools-dd-" -- steve lohr . "raymond's law of software: given a sufficiently large number of eyeballs, all bugs are shallow-dd-" -- eric s-dd- raymond . "barab�si's law of programming: program development ends when the program does what you expect it to do - whether it is correct or not-dd-" -- albert-l�szl� barab�si . "anyone who starts a sentence, 'with all due respect -dd--dd--dd-' is about to insult you-dd-" -- unknown . "the only one listening to both sides of an argument is the neighbor in the next apartment" -- unknown . "cholesterol is your natural defence against excessive circulation of blood, which can carry venoms, poisons and other toxins around your body-dd-" -- michael warner, in bpot . "mit der dummheit k�mpfen g�tter selbst vergebens" "against stupidity the (very) gods themselves contend in vain" -- friedrich von schiller . "there ought to be limits to freedom-xx-" -- george w-dd- bush, commenting on gwbush-dd-com (05/21/1999) . "we are dyslexia of borg-dd- fusistance is retile-dd- your ass will be laminated-dd-" -- unknown . ictoartcyaodhtiotssiwrtncahicgawi, acronym: "i can't think of anything reasonable to counter your argument or don't have the least inkling of the subject so i will resort to name calling and hope i can get away with it-dd-" -- ken de camargo, borland-dd-public-dd-off-topic . "i don't approve of political jokes-dd--dd--dd- i've seen too many of them get elected-dd-" -- unknown . "i plan to live forever-dd- so far so good-dd-" -- rob c-dd- claffie in borland-dd-public-dd-off-topic . "millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy sunday afternoon-dd-" -- susan ertz . "if the united nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order-dd-" -- dwight d-dd- eisenhower . "when you hear hoofbeats, think of horses, not zebras-dd-" -- old saying . "sex is like a chinese dinner-dd- it isn't over until everyone gets their cookies-dd-" -- from the movie "outside providence" . "a picture is worth a thousand words (which is why it takes a thousand times longer to load-dd--dd--dd-)" -- eric tilton, composing good html . "1001 words say more than one picture" -- chinese proverb . "there is no idea so simple and powerful that you can't get zillions of people to misunderstand it-dd-" -- alan kay . "the purpose of computing is not numbers but insight-dd-" -- richard hamming . "they have computers, and they may have other weapons of mass destruction-dd-" -- janet reno, us attorney general, 02-27-98 . "absence of evidence is not evidence of absence-dd-" -- source unknown . "imagine if every thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way-dd- this happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining-dd-" -- jeff raskin . "programming is like sex: one mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life-dd-" -- michael sinz . "linux is like living in a teepee-dd- no windows, no gates, apache in house-dd-" -- usenet signature . "dos computers manufactured by companies such as ibm, compaq, tandy, and millions of others are by far the most popular, with about 70 million machines in use worldwide-dd- macintosh fans, on the other hand, may note that cockroaches are far more numerous than humans, and that numbers alone do not denote a higher life form-dd-" -- new york times, november 26, 1991 . "politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly, and applying the wrong remedies-dd-" -- groucho marx . "momma always said life was like a box of chocolates-dd- you never know what you're gonna get-dd-" -- forest gump . "i invented the term object-oriented, and i can tell you i did not have c++ in mind-dd-" -- alan kay . "reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one-dd-" -- albert einstein . "never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle-dd-" -- steinbach's guideline for systems programmers-dd- . "science is what people understand well enough to explain to a computer-dd- all else is art-dd-" -- donald knuth . "beware of bugs in the above code; i have only proven it correct, not tried it-dd-" -- donald e-dd- knuth-dd- . "object-oriented programming is an exceptionally bad idea which could only have originated in california-dd-" -- edsger dijkstra . "object-oriented programming is a style of programming designed to teach students about stacks-dd-" -- edsger dijkstra . "programming is one of the most difficult branches of applied mathematics; the poorer mathematicians had better remain pure mathematicians-dd-" -- edsger dijkstra . "the use of anthropomorphic terminology when dealing with computing systems is a symptom of professional immaturity-dd-" -- edsger dijkstra . "about the use of language: it is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt axe-dd- it is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead-dd-" -- edsger w-dd- dijkstra . "if fortran has been called an infantile disorder, then pl/i must be classified as a fatal disease-dd-" -- edsger dijkstra . "testing proves the presence, not the absence, of bugs-dd-" -- edsger dijkstra . "the question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim-dd-" -- edsger dijkstra . "it is practically imposible to teach good programming to students that have had a prior exposure to basic: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration-dd-" -- edsger dijkstra . "the use of cobol cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense-dd-" -- edsger dijkstra . bible, dijkstra 5:15 "and the clueless shall spend their time reinventing the wheel while the elite merely use the wordstar key mappings" -- ed mulroy . "why did god create dentists-qq- -- in his infinite love, he thought it would be charitable to his creatures to let them see what hell is like, during their lives-dd-" -- phr . customer: "i'm running windows '95-dd-" tech: "yes-dd-" customer: "my computer isn't working now-dd-" tech: "yes, you said that-dd-" . "if we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it-qq-" -- albert einstein . "a [pseudo]random number generator is much like sex: when it's good it's wonderful, and when it's bad it's still pretty good-dd-" -- g-dd- marsaglia . "a model is done when nothing else can be taken out-dd-" -- dyson . "real life is that big, high-res, high-color screen saver behind all the windows-dd-" -- anonymous . "we've all heard that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will eventually reproduce the entire works of shakespeare-dd- now, thanks to the internet, we know this is not true-dd-" -- robert wilensky . "not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted-dd-" -- albert einstein . "physics is not a religion-dd- if it were, we'd have a much easier time raising money-dd-" -- leon lenderman . "java, the best argument for smalltalk since c++-dd-" -- unknown . "computers are useless; they can only give you answers-dd-" -- pablo picasso . "life would be so much easier if we could just see the source code-dd-" -- unknown . "deliver yesterday, code today, think tomorrow-dd-" -- unknown . "having the source code is the difference between buying a house and renting an apartment-dd-" -- behlendorf . "c++: an octopus made by nailing extra legs onto a dog" -- unknown . "c combines all the power of assembly language with the ease of use of assembly language" -- trad . "god is real unless declared integer" -- david . "java: the elegant simplicity of c++ and the blazing speed of smalltalk-dd-" -- roland turner . "quotation confesses inferiority-dd-" -- ralph waldo emerson . "a mind all logic is like a knife all blade-dd- it makes the hand bleed that uses it-dd-" -- rabindranath tagore . "sometimes, the best answer is a more interesting question" -- terry pratchett . "before c++ we had to code all of our bugs by hand; now we inherit them-dd-" -- unknown . "incrementing c by 1 is not enough to make a good object-oriented language-dd-" -- m-dd- sakkinen . "science is like sex: sometimes something useful comes out, but that is not the reason we are doing it" -- richard feynman . "man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft-dd--dd--dd- and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor-dd-" -- wernher von braun . "computer /nm-dd-/: a device designed to speed and automate errors-dd-" -- from the jargon file-dd- . "ram /abr-dd-/: rarely adequate memory-dd-" -- from the jargon file . "a printer consists of three main parts: the case, the jammed paper tray and the blinking red light" -- unknown . "real programmers always confuse christmas and halloween because oct31 == dec25 -xx-" -- andrew rutherford . "2 + 2 = 5, for extremely large values of 2-dd-" -- unknown . "ascii stupid question, get a stupid ansi -xx-" -- unknown . "multitasking /adj-dd-/ 3 pcs and a chair with wheels -xx-" -- unknown . "pascal /n-dd-/ a programming language named after a man who would turn over in his grave if he knew about it-dd-" -- from the jargon file . "if it wasn't for c, we'd be writing programs in basi, pasal, and obol-dd-" -- unknown . "i have yet to meet a c compiler that is more friendly and easier to use than eating soup with a knife-dd-" -- unknown . "-dd--dd--dd- one of the main causes of the fall of the roman empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their c programs-dd-" -- robert firth . "do you program in assembly -qq-" she asked-dd- "nop," he said-dd- . "smith & wesson - the original point and click interface-dd-" . "we should leave our minds open, but not so open that our brains fall out-dd-" -- alan ross anderson . "the difference between what the most and the least learned people know is inexpressibly trivial in relation to that which is unknown-dd-" -- albert einstein . "statistics is like a bikini-dd- what they reveal is suggestive-dd- what they conceal is vital-dd-" -- arthur koestler . "a hen is only an egg's way of making another egg-dd-" -- samuel butler . "it is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education-dd-" -- albert einstein . "gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love-dd-" -- albert einstein . "common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen-dd-" -- albert einstein . "the secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources-dd-" -- albert einstein . "intellectuals solve problems; geniuses prevent them-dd-" -- albert einstein . "put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour-dd- sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute-dd- that's relativity-dd-" -- albert einstein-qq- . "to iterate is human, to recurse divine-dd-" -- l-dd- peter deutsch . "premature optimization is the root of all evil-dd-" -- donald knuth . "unix is simple-dd- it just takes a genius to understand its simplicity-dd-"-- dennis ritchie . "if you give a man a fish, he will eat for today-dd- if you teach him to fish, he'll understand why some people think golf is exciting-dd-" -- p-dd-g-dd- wodehouse . "i'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous-dd-" -- brian kernighan . "i know that there are people in this world who do not love their fellow human beings, and i hate people like that-dd-" -- tom lehrer . "yes, i'm fat, but you're ugly and i can go on a diet-dd-" -- bumper sticker . "i want to die in my sleep like my grandfather-dd--dd--dd- not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car-dd--dd--dd-" -- bumper sticker . "time is the best teacher; unfortunately it kills all its students-xx-" -- bumper sticker . "diplomacy is the art of saying 'nice doggie-xx-'-dd--dd--dd- 'til you can find a rock-dd-" -- bumper sticker . "ever stop to think, and forget to start again-qq-" -- bumper sticker . "if you need more than five lines to prove something, then you are on the wrong track" -- edgser w-dd- dijkstra's mother [ibid, p-dd- 55] . "if you think it's simple, then you have misunderstood the problem-dd-" -- bjarne stroustrup [lecture at temple u-dd-, 11/25/97] . "true-dd- when your hammer is c++, everything begins to look like a thumb-dd-" -- steve haflich, in comp-dd-lang-dd-c++ . "i have made this letter longer than usual because i lack the time to make it shorter-dd-" -- blaise pascal . the "abort()" function is now called "choice()-dd-" -- from the "politically correct unix system vi release notes" . "we don't make mistakes, we just have happy little accidents-dd-" -- bob ross, "the joy of painting" . "modern capitalism is not about free markets, it is about building sufficient mass that the market gravitationally collapses around you-dd-"-- alisdair meredith . "if quantum physics doesn't confuse you then you don't understand it-dd-" -- niels bohr . "if the brain were so simple we could understand it, we would be so simple we couldn't-dd-" -- lyall watson . "moral indignation is jealousy with a halo-dd-" -- h-dd- g-dd- wells (1866-1946) . "glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever-dd-" -- napoleon bonaparte (1769-1821) . "victory goes to the player who makes the next-to-last mistake-dd-" -- chessmaster savielly grigorievitch tartakower (1887-1956) . "don't be so humble - you are not that great-dd-" -- golda meir (1898-1978) to a visiting diplomat . "his ignorance is encyclopedic" -- abba eban (1915-2002) . "if a man does his best, what else is there-qq-" -- general george s-dd- patton (1885-1945) . "i can write better than anybody who can write faster, and i can write faster than anybody who can write better-dd-" -- a-dd- j-dd- liebling (1904-1963) . "people demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid-dd-" -- soren aabye kierkegaard (1813-1855) . "give me chastity and continence, but not yet-dd-" -- saint augustine (354-430) . "not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted-dd-" -- albert einstein (1879-1955) . "only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and i'm not sure about the former-dd-" -- albert einstein (1879-1955) . "a lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on-dd-" -- sir winston churchill (1874-1965) . "i do not feel obliged to believe that the same god who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use-dd-" -- galileo galilei . "the artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work-dd-" -- emile zola (1840-1902) . "this book fills a much-needed gap-dd-" -- moses hadas (1900-1966) in a review . "the full use of your powers along lines of excellence-dd-" -- definition of "happiness" by john f-dd- kennedy (1917-1963) . "i'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart-dd-" -- e e cummings (1894-1962) . "give me a museum and i'll fill it-dd-" -- pablo picasso (1881-1973) . "assassins-xx-" -- arturo toscanini (1867-1957) to his orchestra . "i'll moider da bum-dd-" -- heavyweight boxer tony galento, when asked what he thought of william shakespeare . "in theory, there is no difference between theory and practice-dd- but, in practice, there is-dd-" -- jan l-dd-a-dd- van de snepscheut . "i find that the harder i work, the more luck i seem to have-dd-" -- thomas jefferson (1743-1826) . "each problem that i solved became a rule which served afterwards to solve other problems-dd-" -- rene descartes (1596-1650), "discours de la methode" . "in the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends-dd-" -- martin luther king jr-dd- (1929-1968) . "whether you think that you can, or that you can't, you are usually right-dd-" -- henry ford (1863-1947) . "do, or do not-dd- there is no 'try'-dd-" -- yoda ('the empire strikes back') . "the only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it-dd-" -- oscar wilde (1854-1900) . "don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed-dd-" -- george burns (1896-1996) . "i don't know why we are here, but i'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves-dd-" -- ludwig wittgenstein (1889-1951) . "the use of cobol cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense-dd-" -- edsger dijkstra . "c makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot; c++ makes it harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg-dd-" -- bjarne stroustrup . "a mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems-dd-" -- paul erdos . "the only difference between me and a madman is that i'm not mad-dd-" -- salvador dali (1904-1989) . "if you can't get rid of the skeleton in your closet, you'd best teach it to dance-dd-" -- george bernard shaw (1856-1950) . "but at my back i always hear time's winged chariot hurrying near-dd-" -- andrew marvell (1621-1678) . "good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws-dd-" -- plato (427-347 b-dd-c-dd-) . "the power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it-dd-" -- george bernard shaw (1856-1950) . "whenever i climb i am followed by a dog called 'ego'-dd-" - friedrich nietzsche (1844-1900) . "we have art to save ourselves from the truth-dd-" - friedrich nietzsche (1844-1900) . "never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake-dd-" - napoleon bonaparte (1769-1821) . "i think 'hail to the chief' has a nice ring to it-dd-" -- john f-dd- kennedy (1917-1963) when asked what is his favorite song . "human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe-dd-" -- h-dd- g-dd- wells (1866-1946) . "talent does what it can; genius does what it must-dd-" - edward george bulwer-lytton (1803-1873) . "the difference between 'involvement' and 'commitment' is like an eggs-and-ham breakfast: the chicken was 'involved' - the pig was 'committed'-dd-" -- unknown . "if you are going through hell, keep going-dd-" - sir winston churchill (1874-1965) . "i'm all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools-dd- let's start with typewriters-dd-" -- frank lloyd wright (1868-1959) . "some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go-dd-" -- oscar wilde (1854-1900) . "god is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh-dd-" -- voltaire (1694-1778) . "he is one of those people who would be enormously improved by death-dd-" -- h-dd- h-dd- munro (saki) (1870-1916) . "i am ready to meet my maker-dd- whether my maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter-dd-" -- sir winston churchill (1874-1965) . "i shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them-dd-" -- ian l-dd- fleming (1908-1964) . "if you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars-dd-" -- j-dd- paul getty (1892-1976) . "facts are the enemy of truth-dd-" -- don quixote - "man of la mancha" . "when you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world-dd-" -- george washington carver (1864-1943) . "how wrong it is for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself-dd-" -- anais nin (1903-1977) . "i have not failed-dd- i've just found 10,000 ways that won't work-dd-" -- thomas alva edison (1847-1931) . "i begin by taking-dd- i shall find scholars later to demonstrate my perfect right-dd-" -- frederick (ii) the great . "maybe this world is another planet's hell-dd-" -- aldous huxley (1894-1963) . "blessed is the man, who having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact-dd-" -- george eliot (1819-1880) . "once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth-dd-" -- sherlock holmes (by sir arthur conan doyle, 1859-1930) . "black holes are where god divided by zero-dd-" - steven wright . "i've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it-dd-" -- groucho marx (1895-1977) . "it's kind of fun to do the impossible-dd-" - walt disney (1901-1966) . "we didn't lose the game; we just ran out of time-dd-" - vince lombardi . "the optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist fears this is true-dd-" -- james branch cabell . "a friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship-dd-" -- john d-dd- rockefeller (1874-1960) . "all are lunatics, but he who can analyze his delusion is called a philosopher-dd-" -- ambrose bierce (1842-1914) . "you can only find truth with logic if you have already found truth without it-dd-" -- gilbert keith chesterton (1874-1936) . "an inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered; an adventure is an inconvenience rightly considered-dd-" -- gilbert keith chesterton (1874-1936) . "i have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth-dd-" -- umberto eco . "be nice to people on your way up because you meet them on your way down-dd-" -- jimmy durante . "the true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good-dd-" -- samuel johnson (1709-1784) . "a people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both-dd-" -- dwight d-dd- eisenhower (1890-1969), inaugural address, january 20, 1953 . "the significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them-dd-" -- albert einstein (1879-1955) . "basically, i no longer work for anything but the sensation i have while working-dd-" -- albert giacometti (sculptor) . "all truth passes through three stages-dd- first, it is ridiculed-dd- second, it is violently opposed-dd- third, it is accepted as being self-evident-dd-" -- arthur schopenhauer (1788-1860) . "many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street-dd-" -- elbert hubbard (1856-1915) . "there is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life-dd-" -- frank zappa . "perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away-dd-" -- antoine de saint exup�ry . "life is pleasant-dd- death is peaceful-dd- it's the transition that's troublesome-dd-" -- isaac asimov . "if you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe-dd-" -- carl sagan . "it is much more comfortable to be mad and know it, than to be sane and have one's doubts-dd-" -- g-dd- b-dd- burgin . "once is happenstance-dd- twice is coincidence-dd- three times is enemy action-dd-" -- auric goldfinger, in "goldfinger" by ian l-dd- fleming (1908-1964) . "to love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance" -- oscar wilde (1854-1900) . "knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens-dd-" -- jimi hendrix . "a clever man commits no minor blunders-dd-" -- goethe (1749-1832) . "argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours-dd-" -- richard bach . "a witty saying proves nothing-dd-" -- voltaire (1694-1778) . "education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance-dd-" -- will durant . "i have often regretted my speech, never my silence-dd-" -- xenocrates (396-314 b-dd-c-dd-) . "it was the experience of mystery -- even if mixed with fear -- that engendered religion-dd-" -- albert einstein (1879-1955) . "if everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough-dd-" -- mario andretti . "i do not consider it an insult, but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic-dd- i do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure -- that is all that agnosticism means-dd-" -- clarence darrow, scopes trial, 1925-dd- . "obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal-dd-" -- henry ford (1863-1947) . "i'll sleep when i'm dead-dd-" -- warren zevon . "there are people in the world so hungry, that god cannot appear to them except in the form of bread-dd-" -- mahatma gandhi (1869-1948) . "if you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you-dd-" -- friedrich nietzsche (1844-1900) . "the instinct of nearly all societies is to lock up anybody who is truly free-dd- first, society begins by trying to beat you up-dd- if this fails, they try to poison you-dd- if this fails too, the finish by loading honors on your head-dd-" -- jean cocteau (1889-1963) . "everyone is a genius at least once a year; a real genius has his original ideas closer together-dd-" -- georg lichtenberg (1742-1799) . "success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it" -- henry david thoreau (1817-1862) . "while we are postponing, life speeds by-dd-" -- seneca (3bc - 65ad) . "where are we going, and why am i in this handbasket-qq-" -- bumper sticker . "god, please save me from your followers-xx-" -- bumper sticker . "fill what's empty, empty what's full, and scratch where it itches-dd-" -- the duchess of windsor, when asked what is the secret of a long and happy life . "first they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win-dd-" -- mahatma gandhi (1869-1948) . "luck is the residue of design-dd-" -- branch rickey - former owner of the brooklyn dodger baseball team . "tragedy is when i cut my finger-dd- comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die-dd-" -- mel brooks . "most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so-dd-" -- bertrand russell (1872-1970) . "wit is educated insolence-dd-" -- aristotle (384-322 b-dd-c-dd-) . "my advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher-dd-" -- socrates (470-399 b-dd-c-dd-) . "egotist: a person more interested in himself than in me-dd-" -- ambrose bierce (1842-1914) . "a narcissist is someone better looking than you are-dd-" - gore vidal . "wise men make proverbs, but fools repeat them-dd-" - samuel palmer (1805-80) . "it has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity-dd-" -- albert einstein (1879-1955) . "the secret of success is to know something nobody else knows-dd-" -- aristotle onassis (1906-1975) . "sometimes when reading goethe i have the paralyzing suspicion that he is trying to be funny-dd-" -- guy davenport . "when you have to kill a man, it costs nothing to be polite-dd-" -- sir winston churchill (1874-1965) . "any man who is under 30, and is not a liberal, has not heart; and any man who is over 30, and is not a conservative, has no brains-dd-" -- sir winston churchill (1874-1965) . "the opposite of a correct statement is a false statement-dd- the opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth-dd-" -- niels bohr (1885-1962) . "we all agree that your theory is crazy, but is it crazy enough-qq-" -- niels bohr (1885-1962) . "when i am working on a problem i never think about beauty-dd- i only think about how to solve the problem-dd- but when i have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, i know it is wrong-dd-" -- buckminster fuller (1895-1983) . "in science one tries to tell people, in such a way as to be understood by everyone, something that no one ever knew before-dd- but in poetry, it's the exact opposite-dd-" -- paul dirac (1902-1984) . "i would have made a good pope-dd-" -- richard m-dd- nixon (1913-1994) . "in any contest between power and patience, bet on patience-dd-" -- w-dd-b-dd- prescott . "anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin-dd-" -- john von neumann (1903-1957) . "the mistakes are all waiting to be made-dd-" -- chessmaster savielly grigorievitch tartakower (1887-1956) on the game's opening position . "it is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims-dd-" -- aristotle (384-322 b-dd-c-dd-) . "grove giveth and gates taketh away-dd-" -- bob metcalfe (inventor of ethernet) on the trend of hardware speedups not being able to keep up with software demands . "reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one-dd-" -- albert einstein (1879-1955) . "one of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important-dd-" -- bertrand russell (1872-1970) . "a little inaccuracy sometimes saves a ton of explanation-dd-" -- h-dd- h-dd- munro (saki) (1870-1916) . "there are two ways of constructing a software design; one way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies-dd- the first method is far more difficult-dd-" -- c-dd- a-dd- r-dd- hoare . "make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler-dd-" -- albert einstein (1879-1955) . "what do you take me for, an idiot-qq-" -- general charles de gaulle (1890-1970), when a journalist asked him if he was happy . "i heard someone tried the monkeys-on-typewriters bit trying for the plays of w-dd- shakespeare, but all they got was the collected works of francis bacon-dd-" -- bill hirst . "three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do-dd-" -- jean-paul sartre (1905-1980) . "a doctor can bury his mistakes but an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines-dd-" -- frank lloyd wright (1868-1959) . "it is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid-dd-" - george bernard shaw (1856-1950) . "if you haven't got anything nice to say about anybody, come sit next to me-dd-" -- alice roosevelt longworth (1884-1980) . "a man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies-dd-" -- oscar wilde (1854-1900) . "forgive your enemies, but never forget their names-dd-" -- john f-dd- kennedy (1917-1963) . "logic is in the eye of the logician-dd-" -- gloria steinem . "no one can earn a million dollars honestly-dd-" -- william jennings bryan (1860-1925) . "everything has been figured out, except how to live-dd-" -- jean-paul sartre (1905-1980) . "well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech-dd-" - martin fraquhar tupper . "thank you for sending me a copy of your book - i'll waste no time reading it-dd-" -- moses hadas (1900-1966) . "from the moment i picked your book up until i laid it down i was convulsed with laughter-dd- some day i intend reading it-dd-" -- groucho marx (1895-1977) . "it is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating-dd-" -- oscar wilde (1854-1900) . "when ideas fail, words come in very handy-dd-" -- goethe (1749-1832) . "in the end, everything is a gag-dd-" -- charlie chaplin (1889-1977) . "the nice thing about egotists is that they don't talk about other people-dd-" -- lucille s-dd- harper . "you got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there-dd-" -- yogi berra . "i love mickey mouse more than any woman i have ever known-dd-" -- walt disney (1901-1966) . "he who hesitates is a damned fool-dd-" -- mae west (1892-1980) . "good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths theater-dd-" -- gail godwin . "university politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small-dd-" -- henry kissinger (1923-) . "the graveyards are full of indispensable men-dd-" -- charles de gaulle (1890-1970) . "you can pretend to be serious; you can't pretend to be witty-dd-" -- sacha guitry (1885-1957) . "behind every great fortune there is a crime-dd-" -- honore de balzac (1799-1850) . "if women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning-dd-" -- aristotle onassis (1906-1975) . "i am not young enough to know everything-dd-" -- oscar wilde (1854-1900) . "the object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his-dd-" -- general george patton (1885-1945) . "sometimes a scream is better than a thesis-dd-" -- ralph waldo emerson (1803-1882) . "there is no sincerer love than the love of food-dd-" -- george bernard shaw (1856-1950) . "i don't even butter my bread; i consider that cooking-dd-" -- katherine cebrian . "i have an existential map; it has 'you are here' written all over it-dd-" -- steven wright . "mr-dd- wagner has beautiful moments but bad quarters of an hour-dd-" - gioacchino rossini (1792-1868) . "manuscript: something submitted in haste and returned at leisure-dd-" -- oliver herford (1863-1935) . "i have read your book and much like it-dd-" -- moses hadas (1900-1966) . "the covers of this book are too far apart-dd-" -- ambrose bierce (1842-1914) . "everywhere i go i'm asked if i think the university stifles writers-dd- my opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them-dd-" -- flannery o'connor (1925-1964) . "too many pieces of music finish too long after the end-dd-" -- igor stravinsky (1882-1971) . "anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung-dd-" -- voltaire (1694-1778) . "when choosing between two evils, i always like to try the one i've never tried before-dd-" -- mae west (1892-1980) . "i don't know anything about music-dd- in my line you don't have to-dd-" -- elvis presley (1935-1977) . "no sane man will dance-dd-" -- cicero (106-43 b-dd-c-dd-) . "hell is a half-filled auditorium-dd-" -- robert frost (1874-1963) . "show me a sane man and i will cure him for you-dd-" -- carl gustav jung (1875-1961) . "vote early and vote often-dd-" -- al capone (1899-1947) . "if i were two-faced, would i be wearing this one-qq-" -- abraham lincoln (1809-1865) . "few things are harder to put up with than a good example-dd-" - mark twain (1835-1910) . "hell is other people-dd-" -- jean-paul sartre (1905-1980) . "i am become death, shatterer of worlds-dd-" -- robert j-dd- oppenheimer (1904-1967) (citing from the bhagavad gita, after witnessing the world's first nuclear explosion) . "happiness is good health and a bad memory-dd-" -- ingrid bergman (1917-1982) . "friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate-dd-" -- thomas jones . "you can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone-dd-" -- al capone (1899-1947) . "the gods too are fond of a joke-dd-" -- aristotle (384-322 b-dd-c-dd-) . "distrust any enterprise that requires new clothes-dd-" -- henry david thoreau (1817-1862) . "the difference between pornography and erotica is lighting-dd-" -- gloria leonard . "it is time i stepped aside for a less experienced and less able man-dd-" -- professor scott elledge on his retirement from cornell . "every day i get up and look through the forbes list of the richest people in america-dd- if i'm not there, i go to work-dd-" -- robert orben . "the cynics are right nine times out of ten-dd-" -- henry louis mencken (1880-1956) . "there are some experiences in life which should not be demanded twice from any man, and one of them is listening to the brahms requiem-dd-" -- george bernard shaw (1856-1950) . "attention to health is life's greatest hindrance-dd-" -- plato (427-347 b-dd-c-dd-) . "plato was a bore-dd-" -- friedrich nietzsche (1844-1900) . "nietzsche was stupid and abnormal-dd-" -- leo tolstoy (1828-1910) . "i'm not going to get into the ring with tolstoy-dd-" -- ernest hemingway (1899-1961) . "hemingway was a jerk-dd-" -- harold robbins . "men are not disturbed by things, but the view they take of things-dd-" -- epictetus (55-135 a-dd-d-dd-) . "what about things like bullets-qq-" -- herb kimmel, behavioralist, professor of psychology, upon hearing the above quote (1981) . "how can i lose to such an idiot-qq-" -- a shout from chessmaster aaron nimzovich (1886-1935) . "i don't feel good-dd-" -- the last words of luther burbank (1849-1926) . "nothing is wrong with california that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure-dd-" -- ross macdonald (1915-1983) . "men have become the tools of their tools-dd-" -- henry david thoreau (1817-1862) . "i have never let my schooling interfere with my education-dd-" -- mark twain (1835-1910) . "it is now possible for a flight attendant to get a pilot pregnant-dd-" -- richard j-dd- ferris, president of united airlines . "i never miss a chance to have sex or appear on television-dd-" -- gore vidal . "i don't want to achieve immortality through my work; i want to achieve immortality through not dying-dd-" -- woody allen (1935-) . "men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all the other alternatives-dd-" -- abba eban (1915-2002) . "to sit alone with my conscience will be judgment enough for me-dd-" -- charles william stubbs . "sanity is a madness put to good uses-dd-" -- george santayana (1863-1952) . "imitation is the sincerest form of television-dd-" -- fred allen (1894-1956) . "always do right- this will gratify some and astonish the rest-dd-" -- mark twain (1835-1910) . "in america, anybody can be president-dd- that's one of the risks you take-dd-" -- adlai stevenson (1900-1965) . "copy from one, it's plagiarism; copy from two, it's research-dd-" -- wilson mizner (1876-1933) . "why don't you write books people can read-qq-" -- nora joyce to her husband james (1882-1941) . "some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers-dd-" -- t-dd- s-dd- eliot (1888-1965) . "criticism is prejudice made plausible-dd-" -- henry louis mencken (1880-1956) . "it is better to be quotable than to be honest-dd-" -- tom stoppard . "being on the tightrope is living; everything else is waiting-dd-" -- karl wallenda . "opportunities multiply as they are seized-dd-" -- sun tzu . "a scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar-dd-" -- lao-tzu (570-qq--490-qq- bc) . "the best way to predict the future is to invent it-dd-" -- alan kay . "never mistake motion for action-dd-" -- ernest hemingway (1899-1961) . "hell is paved with good samaritans-dd-" -- william m-dd- holden . "the longer i live the more i see that i am never wrong about anything, and that all the pains that i have so humbly taken to verify my notions have only wasted my time-dd-" -- george bernard shaw (1856-1950) . "silence is argument carried out by other means-dd-" -- ernesto "che" guevara (1928-1967) . "well done is better than well said-dd-" -- benjamin franklin (1706-1790) . "the average person thinks he isn't-dd-" -- father larry lorenzoni . "heav'n hath no rage like love to hatred turn'd, nor hell a fury, like a woman scorn'd-dd-" -- william congreve (1670-1729) . "a husband is what is left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted-dd-" -- helen rowland (1876-1950) . "learning is what most adults will do for a living in the 21st century-dd-" -- perelman . "the man who goes alone can start today; but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready-dd-" -- henry david thoreau (1817-1862) . "there is a country in europe where multiple-choice tests are illegal-dd-" -- sigfried hulzer . "ask her to wait a moment - i am almost done-dd-" -- carl friedrich gauss (1777-1855), while working, when informed that his wife is dying . "a pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty-dd-" -- sir winston churchill (1874-1965) . "i think there is a world market for maybe five computers-dd-" -- thomas watson (1874-1956), chairman of ibm, 1943 . "i think it would be a good idea-dd-" -- mahatma gandhi (1869-1948), when asked what he thought of western civilization . "the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing-dd-" -- edmund burke (1729-1797) . "i'm not a member of any organized political party, i'm a democrat-xx-" -- will rogers (1879-1935) . "if stupidity got us into this mess, then why can't it get us out-qq-" -- will rogers (1879-1935) . "the backbone of surprise is fusing speed with secrecy-dd-" -- von clausewitz (1780-1831) . "democracy does not guarantee equality of conditions - it only guarantees equality of opportunity-dd-" -- irving kristol . "there is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home-dd-" -- ken olson, president, chairman and founder of digital equipment corp-dd-, 1977 . "640k ought to be enough for anybody-dd-" -- bill gates (1955-), in 1981 . "the concept is interesting and well-formed, but in order to earn better than a 'c', the idea must be feasible-dd-" -- a yale university management professor in response to student fred smith's paper proposing reliable overnight delivery service (smith went on to found federal express corp-dd-) . "who the hell wants to hear actors talk-qq-" -- h-dd-m-dd- warner (1881-1958), founder of warner brothers, in 1927 . "we don't like their sound, and guitar music is on the way out-dd-" -- decca recording co-dd- rejecting the beatles, 1962 . "everything that can be invented has been invented-dd-" -- charles h-dd- duell, commissioner, u-dd-s-dd- office of patents, 1899 . "denial ain't just a river in egypt-dd-" -- mark twain (1835-1910) . "a pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood-dd-" -- general george s-dd- patton (1885-1945) . "after i'm dead i'd rather have people ask why i have no monument than why i have one-dd-" -- cato the elder (234-149 bc, aka marcus porcius cato) . "he can compress the most words into the smallest idea of any man i know-dd-" -- abraham lincoln (1809-1865) . "don't let it end like this-dd- tell them i said something-dd-" -- last words of pancho villa (1877-1923) . "the right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins-dd-" -- oliver wendell holmes (1841-1935) . "the difference between fiction and reality-qq- fiction has to make sense-dd-" -- tom clancy . "it's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog-dd-" -- mark twain (1835-1910) . "it is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both-dd-" -- niccolo machiavelli (1469-1527), "the prince" . "whatever is begun in anger ends in shame-dd-" -- benjamin franklin (1706-1790) . "the president has kept all of the promises he intended to keep-dd-" -- clinton aide george stephanopolous speaking on larry king live . "we're going to turn this team around 360 degrees-dd-" -- jason kidd, upon his drafting to the dallas mavericks . "half this game is ninety percent mental-dd-" -- yogi berra . "there is only one nature - the division into science and engineering is a human imposition, not a natural one-dd- indeed, the division is a human failure; it reflects our limited capacity to comprehend the whole-dd-" -- bill wulf . "there's many a bestseller that could have been prevented by a good teacher-dd-" -- flannery o'connor (1925-1964) . "he has all the virtues i dislike and none of the vices i admire-dd-" -- sir winston churchill (1874-1965) . "i criticize by creation - not by finding fault-dd-" -- cicero (106-43 b-dd-c-dd-) . "love is friendship set on fire-dd-" -- jeremy taylor . "god gave men both a penis and a brain, but unfortunately not enough blood supply to run both at the same time-dd-" -- robin williams, commenting on the clinton/lewinsky affair . "my occupation now, i suppose, is jail inmate-dd-" -- unibomber theodore kaczynski, when asked in court what his current profession was . "woman was god's second mistake-dd-" -- friedrich nietzsche (1844-1900) . "this isn't right, this isn't even wrong-dd-" -- wolfgang pauli (1900-1958), upon reading a young physicist's paper . "for centuries, theologians have been explaining the unknowable in terms of the-not-worth-knowing-dd-" -- henry louis mencken (1880-1956) . "pray, v-dd-: to ask that the laws of the universe be annulled on behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy-dd-" -- ambrose bierce (1842-1914) . "every normal man must be tempted at times to spit upon his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats-dd-" -- henry louis mencken (1880-1956) . "now, now my good man, this is no time for making enemies-dd-" -- voltaire (1694-1778) on his deathbed in response to a priest asking that he renounce satan-dd- . "fill the unforgiving minute with sixty seconds worth of distance run-dd-" -- rudyard kipling (1865-1936) . "he would make a lovely corpse-dd-" -- charles dickens (1812-1870) . "i've just learned about his illness-dd- let's hope it's nothing trivial-dd-" -- irvin s-dd- cobb . "i worship the quicksand he walks in-dd-" -- art buchwald . "wagner's music is better than it sounds-dd-" -- mark twain (1835-1910) . "a poem is never finished, only abandoned-dd-" -- paul valery (1871-1945) . "we are not retreating - we are advancing in another direction-dd-" -- general douglas macarthur (1880-1964) . "if you were plowing a field, which would you rather use-qq- two strong oxen or 1024 chickens-qq-" -- seymour cray (1925-1996), father of supercomputing . "#3 pencils and quadrille pads-dd-" -- seymoure cray (1925-1996) when asked what cad tools he used to design the cray i supercomputer; he also recommended using the back side of the pages so that the lines were not so dominant-dd- . "i just bought a mac to help me design the next cray-dd-" -- seymoure cray (1925-1996) when was informed that apple inc-dd- had recently bought a cray supercomputer to help them design the next mac-dd- . "your highness, i have no need of this hypothesis-dd-" -- pierre laplace (1749-1827), to napoleon on why his works on celestial mechanics make no mention of god-dd- . "i choose a block of marble and chop off whatever i don't need-dd-" -- francois-auguste rodin (1840-1917), when asked how he managed to make his remarkable statues . "the man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them-dd-" -- mark twain (1835-1910) . "the truth is more important than the facts-dd-" -- frank lloyd wright (1868-1959) . "research is what i'm doing when i don't know what i'm doing-dd-" -- wernher von braun (1912-1977) . "there are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it-dd-" -- oscar wilde (1854-1900) . "there are only two ways to live your life-dd- one is as though nothing is a miracle-dd- the other is as though everything is a miracle-dd-" -- albert einstein (1879-1955) . "be tolerant of the human race-dd- your whole family belongs to it -- and some of your spouse's family too-dd-" -- anonymous-dd- . "mother-in-law = a woman who destroys her son-in-law's peace of mind by giving him a piece of hers-dd-" -- anonymous-dd- . "why do grandparents and grandchildren get along so well-qq- they have the same enemy -- the mother-dd-" -- claudette colbert-dd- . "the first half of our life is ruined by our parents and the second half by our children-dd-" -- clarence darrow-dd- . "honolulu, it's got everything-dd- sand for the children, sun for the wife, and sharks for the wife's mother-dd-" -- ken dodd-dd- . "a coward is a hero with a wife, kids, and a mortgage-dd-" -- marvin kitman-dd- . "a man can't get rich if he takes proper care of his family-dd-" - navaho saying-dd- . "giving birth is like taking your lower lip and forcing it over your head-dd-" - carol burnett-dd- . "you have to stay in shape-dd- my grandmother, she started walking five miles a day when she was 60-dd- she's 97 today and we don't know where she is-xx-" -- ellen degeneres-dd- . "i'm not into working out-dd- my philosophy: no pain, no pain-dd-" -- carol leifer-dd- . "you have a cough-qq- go home tonight, eat a whole box of ex-lax -- tomorrow you'll be afraid to cough-dd-" -- pearl williams-dd- . "now comes the mystery" -- henry ward beecher, dying words, march 8, 1887 . "i don't feel good-dd-" -- luther burbank, dying words . "the nourishment is palatable" -- emily dickinson, dying words . "dieu me pardonnera-dd- c'est son m�tier-dd-" translation: god forgive me-dd- it's his job-dd- -- heinrich heine, dying words-dd- . "go on, get out-dd- last words are for fools who haven't said enough-dd-" -- karl marx, dying words to his housekeeper-dd- . "why yes -- a bulletproof vest-dd-" -- james rodges, murderer, on his final request before the firing squad-dd- . "they couldn't hit an elephant at this dist--" -- john b-dd- sedwick, general, dying words, 1864 . "i still live-dd-" -- daniel webster, dying words . "go away-dd--dd--dd-i'm alright-dd-" -- h-dd-g-dd-wells, dying words . "friends applaud, the comedy is over-dd-" -- ludwig von beethoven, dying words . "ah well, then i suppose i shall have to die beyond my means-dd-" -- oscar wilde, dying words . "i agree with the reforms, but i want nothing to change" -- ion luca caragiale, romanian playwriter, 1880 . "far too many development shops are run by fools who succeed despite their many failings-dd-" -- brion l-dd- webster . "never raise your hands to your kids-dd- it leaves your groin unprotected-dd-" -- red button . "i'm in shape-dd- round is a shape-dd-" -- george carlin . "do illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup-qq-" -- john mendoza . "i've always wanted to be somebody, but i should have been more specific-dd-" -- george carlin . "ever notice when you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you, but when you take him in a car he sticks his head out the window-qq-" -- george carlin . "ever notice that anyone going slower than you is an idiot, but anyone going faster is a maniac-qq-" -- george carlin . "i have six locks on my door, all in a row-dd- when i go out, i lock every other one-dd- i figure no matter how long somebody stands there picking the locks, they are always locking three of them-dd-" -- george carlin . "one out of every three americans is suffering from some form of mental illness-dd- think of two of your best friends-dd- if they are ok, then it must be you-dd-" -- george carlin . "they show you how detergents take out bloodstains-dd- i think if you've got a t-shirt with bloodstains all over it, maybe your laundry isn't your biggest problem-dd-" -- george carlin . "ask people why they have deer heads on their walls and they tell you it's because they're such beautiful animals-dd- i think my wife is beautiful, but i only have photographs of her on the wall-dd-" -- george carlin . "a lady came up to me on the street, pointed at my suede jacket and said, 'don't you know a cow was murdered for that jacket-qq-' i said 'i didn't know there were any witnesses-dd- now i'll have to kill you too'-dd-" -- george carlin . "future historians will be able to study at the jimmy carter library, the gerald ford library, the ronald reagan library, and the bill clinton adult bookstore-dd-" -- george carlin . "benny goodman plays the clarinet-dd- i play music-dd-" -- artie shaw . "if you were my husband, i'd give you poison-dd-" -- lady astor to churchill . "if you were my wife, i'd take it-dd-" -- curchill to lady astor . "sir, you will either die of the pox or on the gallows-dd-" -- the earl of sandwich to john wilkes . "that depends, sir, on whether i embrace your mistress or your principles" -- john wilkes to the earl of sandwich . "he had delusions of adequacy-dd-" -- walter kerr . "he has all the virtues i dislike and none of the vices i admire-dd-" -- winston churchill . "a modest little person, with much to be modest about-dd-" -- winston churchill . "i have never killed a man, but i have read many obituaries with great pleasure-dd-" -- clarence darrow . "he has never been known to use a word that might send a reader to the dictionary-dd-" -- william faulkner about ernest hemingway . "poor faulkner-dd- does he really think big emotions come from big words-qq-" -- ernest hemingway about william faulkner . "thank you for sending me a copy of your book; i'll waste no time reading it-dd-" -- moses hadas . "he can compress the most words into the smallest idea of any man i know-dd-" -- abraham lincoln . "i didn't attend the funeral, but i sent a nice letter saying i approved of it-dd-" -- mark twain . "he has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends-dd-" -- oscar wilde . "i am enclosing two tickets to the first night of my new play; bring a friend-dd--dd--dd- if you have one-dd-" -- george bernard shaw to winston churchill . "cannot possibly attend first night, will attend second-dd--dd--dd- if there is one-dd-" - winston churchill, in response-dd- . "i feel so miserable without you; it's almost like having you here-dd-" -- stephen bishop . "he is a self-made man and worships his creator-dd-" -- john bright . "i've just learned about his illness-dd- let's hope it's nothing trivial-dd-" -- irvin s-dd- cobb . "he is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others-dd-" -- samuel johnson . "he is simply a shiver looking for a spine to run up-dd-" -- paul keating . "there's nothing wrong with you that reincarnation won't cure-dd-" -- jack e-dd- leonard . "he has the attention span of a lightning bolt-dd-" -- robert redford . "they never open their mouths without subtracting from the sum of human knowledge-dd-" -- thomas brackett reed . "in order to avoid being called a flirt, she always yielded easily-dd-" -- charles, count talleyrand . "he loves nature in spite of what it did to him-dd-" -- forrest tucker . "why do you sit there looking like an envelope without any address on it-qq-" -- mark twain . "his mother should have thrown him away and kept the stork-dd-" -- mae west . "some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go-dd-" -- oscar wilde . "he uses statistics as a drunken man uses lamp-posts-dd--dd--dd- for support rather than illumination-dd-" -- andrew lang (1844-1912) . "he has van gogh's ear for music-dd-" -- billy wilder . lady astor: "mr-dd- churchill, you're drunk-xx-" winston churchill: "yes, and you, madam, are ugly-dd- but tomorrow, i shall be sober-dd-" . "i liked your opera-dd- i think i will set it to music-dd-" -- beethoven to a fellow composer . "i must say bernard shaw is greatly improved by music-dd-" -- t-dd-s-dd- elliot referring to 'my fair lady' . "the best time i ever had with joan crawford was when i pushed her down the stairs in 'whatever happened to baby jane-qq-'" -- bette davis . "why am i so good at playing bitches-qq- i think it's because i'm not a bitch-dd- maybe that's why miss crawford always plays ladies-dd-" -- bette davis . "two things should be cut - the second act and the child's throat-dd-" -- noel coward on a dull play with an annoying child star . "there are two ways of disliking poetry; one way is to dislike it, the other is to read pope-dd-" -- oscar wilde on alexander pope . "this is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly-dd- it should be thrown with great force-dd-" -- book review by dorothy parker . "that's not writing; that's typing-dd-" -- truman capote on jack kerouac . "[a book by henry james] is like a church lit but without a congregation to distract you, with every light and line focused on the high altar-dd- and on the altar, very reverently placed, intensely there, is a dead kitten, an eggshell, a bit of string-dd-" -- h-dd-g-dd- wells on henry james . "his book is much harder to read than it must have been to write-dd-" -- christopher hitchens about bob woodwars's new book, 'state of denial' . "let's not bring age into this discussion-dd- i will not let my opponent's youth and inexperience become an issue-dd-" -- ronald reagan on walter mondale . "properly read, the bible is the most potent force for atheism ever conceived-dd-" -- isaac asimov .  "automatic" simply means that you cannot repair it yourself-dd- . 90% of everything is crud-dd- . a project manager is like the madam in a brothel-dd- his job is to see that everything comes off right-dd- . a smith & wesson always beats four aces-dd- . a bird in hand is safer than one overhead-dd- . a bird in the hand is worth about three kleenex-dd- . a child's ability to endure likely stems from his ignorance of alternatives-dd- . a clean desk is a sign of a sick mind-dd- . a closed mouth says nothing wrong; a closed mind does nothing right-dd- . a complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a more: [y], [n], [ns]-qq- ns simple system that worked-dd- . a computer makes as many mistakes in one second as three men working for thirty years straight-dd- . a conference is simply an admission that you want somebody else to join you in your troubles-dd- . a dog is a dog except when he is facing you-dd- then he is mr-dd- dog-dd- . a fellow who is always declaring that he is no fool usually harbors suspicions to the contrary-dd- . a fool and his money are some party-dd- . a friend in power is a friend lost-dd- . a good listener not only is popular everywhere but also, after a while, knows something-dd- . a great deal of money is never enough once you have it-dd- . a hunch is creativity trying to tell you something-dd- . a liberalism incapable of fiscal self-discipline brings about a radical conservatism conspicuous for its selfishness and insensitivity-dd- . a major failure will not occur until after the unit has passed final inspection-dd- . a man does not look behind the door unless he has stood there himself-dd- . a man will believe anything that does not cost him anything-dd- . a meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost-dd- . a miser is a fellow who lives within his income-dd- he is also called a magician-dd- . a misplaced decimal point will always end up where it will do the greatest damage-dd- a narrow mind has a broad tongue-dd- . a neurotic builds castles in the air-dd- a psychotic lives in castles in the air-dd- and a psychiatrist is the guy who collects the rent-dd- . a perfectly calm day will turn gusty the instant you drop a $20 bill-dd- . a pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his mouth-dd- . a politician's most important ability is to foretell what will happen tomorrow and next month and next year - and to explain afterwards why it didn't happen-dd- . a seeming ignorance is often a most necessary part of worldly knowledge-dd- . a sense of decency is often a decent man's undoing-dd- . a short cut is the longest distance between two points-dd- . a stockbroker is someone who invests your money until it is all gone-dd- . a synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the other one-dd- . a waist is a terrible thing to mind-dd- . a yacht is a hole in the water, lined with wood, steel, or fiberglass, through which one pours all his money-dd- . academic rivalries are so intense because the stakes are so small-dd- . activity is the politician's substitute for achievement-dd- . adam smith revisited: work creates wealth, which is then redistributed in the holy name of social justice-dd- that is to say, what is mine is yours, and his, and hers, and theirs-dd--dd--dd- . adventure is no more than discomfort and annoyance recollected in the safety of reminiscence-dd- . after all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done-dd- . against stupidity, the gods themselves contend in vain-dd- . all great discoveries are made by mistake-dd- . all skill is in vain when an angel pees in the barrel of your rifle-dd- . all things are possible-dd- except skiing through a revolving door-dd- . all things being equal, a fat person uses more soap than a thin person-dd- . all turtle thoughts are of turtle-dd- . all warranties expire upon payment of invoice-dd- . all work and no play make jack a dull boy and jill a wealthy widow-dd- . all's well that ends-dd- almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of-dd- . although i may disagree with what you say, i will defend to the death your right to hear me tell you how wrong you are-dd- . always address your elders with respect; they could leave you a fortune-dd- . always convice those whom you are about to deceive that you are acting in their best interests-dd- . always forgive your enemies - nothing else annoys them as much-dd- . always mistrust a subordinate who never finds fault with his boss-dd- . ambition is the curse of the political class-dd- . among economists, the real world is generally considered to be a special case-dd- . an easily understood, workable falsehood is more useful than a complex, incomprehensible truth-dd- . an economy cannot afford high tech unless it has a basic structure of other industry to provide the savings that will support high tech until it begins to pay off-dd- . an efficient bureaucracy is the greatest threat to liberty-dd- . an elephant is a mouse built to government specifications-dd- . an expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows absolutely everything about nothing-dd- . an infinite number of mediocrities do not add up to one genius-dd- . an open mouth oft-times accompanies a closed mind-dd- . an unhappy crew makes for a dangerous voyage-dd- . anger is never without an argument, or with a good one-dd- . any appetite is its own excuse for existing-dd- . any component, when inadvertently dropped, will roll into a hiding place, the inaccessibility of which is proportional to the square of the component's irreplaceability-dd- . any contract drawn in more than 50 words contains at least one loophole-dd- . any given computer program, when running, is obsolete-dd- . any machine design must contain at least one part which is obsolete, two parts which are unobtainable, and three parts which are still under development-dd- . any simple theory will be worded in the most complicated terms-dd- . any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic-dd- . anyone can handle a crisis-dd- it's everyday living that kills you-dd- anyone in good enough condition to run three miles a day is in good enough condition not to have to-dd- . art is a passion pursued with discipline; science is a discipline pursued with passion-dd- . as scarce as truth is, the supply invariably exceeds the demand-dd- . as the rabbit said, if that ain't a wolf, it's a hell of a big dog-dd- . ask your children what they want for dinner only if they are buying-dd- . assumptions, so often full of holes, remain precious to the convinced-dd- . at best, life is a spiral and never a pendulum-dd- what has been done cannot be undone-dd- . bad weather forecasts are more often right than good ones-dd- . bankers are the assassins of hope-dd- . basic research is what you do when you don't know what you are doing-dd- . be a corporate good citizen; hire the morally handicapped-dd- . be kind to your web-footed friends; that duck may be a buyer-dd- . there's no intelligent life down here-dd- . beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes right to the bone-dd- . behind every successful man is an astonished mother-in-law-dd- . being king is not much fun if no one knows you are one-dd- . bend the facts to fit the conclusion-dd- it's easier that way-dd- . beware of all enterprises requiring new clothes-dd- . black holes are outa sight-xx- . blessed are the censors, for they shall inhibit the earth-dd- . blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the crap-dd- . blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt-dd- . blessed be he who is called a big wheel, for he goeth around in circles-dd- . bosses come and bosses go, but a good secretary lasts forever-dd- . bullshit baffles brains-dd- . by the time most of us have money to burn, our fire's gone out-dd- . by working faithfully 8 hours a day, you may eventually get to be a boss and work 12 hours a day-dd- . celibacy is not hereditary-dd- . cheer up-dd- the first hundred years are the hardest-xx- children are a comfort in your old age, and they will even help you reach it-dd- . civil servants are neither civil nor servile-dd- . common sense is instinct-dd- enough of it is genius-dd- . computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable-dd- any system which depends upon human reliability is unreliable-dd- you can rely on it-dd- . confidence is the feeling you had before you knew better-dd- . construct a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will want to use it-dd- . crime is merely politics without the excuses-dd- . crisis management works beautifully until an actual crisis occurs-dd- . da trouble wit computers is, dey got no sense of humor-dd- . days you attend top-level meetings and days you get hiccups tend to fall on the same dates-dd- . degeneration and evolution are not the same thing-dd- . desperate diseases require desperate remedies-dd- . did you know that if you maintain a cholesterol-free diet, your body makes its own cholesterol-dd- . diogenes is still searching-dd- . distrust your first impressions; they are invariably too favorable-dd- . don't be afraid to take a big step-dd- you cannot cross a chasm in two small steps-dd- . don't be so humble-dd--dd--dd-you aren't that great-dd- . don't get married if you are afraid of solitude-dd- . don't hit a man when he's down unless you are damned certain he won't get up-dd- . don't wear earmuffs in a bed of rattlesnakes-dd- . don't worry about what other people are thinking of you-dd- they're too busy worrying about what you are thinking of them-dd- . dr-dd- faustus, call your service-dd- . during britain's "brain drain," not a single politician left the country-dd- . economics is the only calling in which one can have a lifetime reputation as an expert without ever once being right-dd- . education confers understanding, knowledge, and competence; schools confer degrees-dd- . enthusiasm wanes, but dullness lasts forever-dd- . eternity is a terrible thought-dd--dd--dd-where will it all end . even mason and dixon had to draw the line somewhere-dd- . even the most faithful believer can serve a false god-dd- . every calling is great when greatly pursued-dd- . every family tree has some sap-dd- . every institution tends to perish through an excess of its own policy-dd- . every society professes the existence of inalienable human rights; most, however, are somewhat vague as to just what they are-dd- . everybody's death simplifies life for someone-dd- . everyone has a scheme for getting rich that will not work-dd- . everything comes to he who waits - providing he has either infinite patience or infinite wealth-dd- . everything east of the san andreas fault will eventually plunge into the atlantic ocean-dd- . everything not forbidden by the laws of nature is mandatory-dd- trouble is, nearly everything is forbidden-dd- . example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing-dd- . excellence is an option that is renewable-dd- . expectations should not determine whether or not one acts, nor how-dd- . expensive fertilizers that do nothing for your grass will give you the most gorgeous weeds you ever saw-dd- . experience is a good teacher, but submits huge bills-dd- . experience is what you get when you don't get what you wanted-dd- . experimentation is the mother of confusion-dd- . extinction is the ultimate fate of all species-dd- . extreme boredom serves to cure boredom-dd- . extreme sorrow laughs; extreme joy weeps-dd- . extremely happy and extremely unhappy men are alike prone to grow hard-hearted-dd- . facts cannot prevail against faith, or adamant folly-dd- . failure is a measurement that depends on the standard applied-dd- . fear is no great respecter of reason-dd- . feed the wolf as you will; he will always look to the forest-dd- . fill what's empty-dd- empty what's full-dd- and scratch where it itches-dd- fire and water-dd- matter and anti-matter-dd- money and morality-dd- . first secure an independent income, then practice virtue-dd- . fools belittle that which they do not understand-dd- cynics belittle everything-dd- midgets simply belittle-dd- . for a man of fortitude, there are no walls, only avenues-dd- . for peace of mind, resign as general manager of the universe-dd- . freedom can be lost as surely tax by tax, regulation by regulation, as it can be bullet by bullet, missile by missile-dd- . freedom is for everyone-dd- or no one-dd- . freedom of the press is limited to those who have one-dd- . friends may come and friends may go, but enemies accumulate-dd- . frustration is not having anyone else to blame but one's self-dd- . get too many irons in your fire and you'll put it out-dd- . give all orders verbally-dd- never write down anything that might go into a "pearl harbor file"-dd- . give me an example of pro and con-dd- progress and congress-dd- . given that nature limited the intelligence of man, it seems unfair that she did not limit the stupidity of man-dd- . god can't alter history, so he created historians-dd- . god has alzheimer's disease; he's forgotten that we exist-dd- . god made everything out of nothing-dd- but the nothingness shows through-dd- . government corruption seems always to be reported in the past tense-dd- . half of conversation is listening-dd- . have a nice day-dd--dd--dd-somewhere else-dd- . he is all fault who has no fault at all-dd- . he who dies with the most toys, wins-xx- . he who does many things makes many mistakes, but never makes the biggest mistake of all - doing nothing-dd- . he who endures, wins-dd- . he who has been bitten by six dogs is legitimately suspicious of the seventh-dd- . he who leaves nothing to chance will do very few things wrong, but he will do very few things at all-dd- . he who lives on hope has a slender diet indeed-dd- . he who looks too far ahead stumbles over his own boots-dd- . he who would climb to the top must leave much behind-dd- . he who would leap high must take a long run-dd- . he who would pursue revenge should first dig two graves-dd- . hell is l is a city much like newark-dd- . hell is not a place-dd- hell is what hurts worst-dd- . history is the sum total of things that could have been avoided-dd- . history occurs twice - the first time as tragedy, the second time as farce-dd- . honesty in politics is much like oxygen-dd- the higher up you go, the scarcer it becomes-dd- . honesty is the best policy - unless, of course, you are dealing with your wife, your girlfriend, your banker, your employer, the i-dd-r-dd-s-dd-, your creditors-dd--dd--dd- . how can you tell when a salesman is lying -qq- when his lips are moving-dd- . how come nowadays the word "honesty" is generally preceded by the phrase "old-fashioned" -qq- . how long a minute is depends upon which side of the bathroom door you're on-dd- . i get my exercise acting as a pallbearer for my friends who exercise-dd- . if a cluttered desk is characteristic of a cluttered mind, what does an empty desk mean -qq- . if a problem causes too many meetings, then the meetings eventually become more important than the problem-dd- . if all else fails, read the destructions-dd- . if all the economists in the world were laid end to end, they couldn't reach a conclusion-dd- . if an experiment works, something has gone wrong-dd- . if builders constructed buildings the way programmers write programs, then the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization-dd- . if doctors' intellects were as big as doctors' egos, this would be a far healthier world-dd- . if everything appears to be going well, you obviously don't know what the hell is going on-dd- . if it jams - force it-dd- if it breaks, it needed replacing anyway-dd- . if it's not in the computer, then it doesn't exist-dd- . if it's rational, if it's logical, and if it makes good common sense, then it's simply not done-dd- . if man's best friend is the dog, where does that leave the rest of us-qq- . if mathematically you end up with the wrong answer, try multiplying by the page number-dd- . if more than one person is responsible for a miscalculation, no one will be at fault-dd- . if one views his problem sufficiently closely, he will recognize himself as part of the problem-dd- . if someone gives you so-called good advice, do the opposite; you may be certain that that will be the right thing nine times out of ten-dd- . if the facts are against you, argue the law-dd- if the law is against you, pound the table and yell like hell-dd- . if the first person who answers the phone can't handle your question, then it's a bureaucracy-dd- . if the gods had really intended men to fly, they'd have made it easier to get to the airport-dd- . if the government hasn't yet taxed, licensed, or regulated it, then it probably ain't worth anything-dd- . if the nation's economists were all laid end to end, they would point in all directions-dd- if the plating work that we do for you is defective, we will refund your money, redo the parts free, close our plant, and have the plant manager shot-dd- will that be satisfactory -qq- . if the shoe fits, you're not allowing for growth-dd- . if the thought of growing old bothers you, consider the alternative-dd- . if the universe is indeed insane, who is the asylum keeper -qq- . if this is the land of the future, why are we all so given to nostalgia -qq- . if truth were a matter of opinion, then the majority would always be right-dd- . if you are feeling good, don't worry; you'll get over it-dd- . if you can keep your head while all about you are losing theirs, then you obviously don't understand what's going on-dd- . if you cannot convince them, confuse them-dd- . if you cannot logically refute a man's arguments, not all is lost-dd- you can always call him nasty names-dd- . if you cannot understand it, it is intuitively obvious-dd- . if you disinfect the pond, you kill the lilies-dd- . if you doubt that rochesterians believe in god, watch how they drive-dd- . if you gave a monkey control of its environment, it would fill the universe with bananas-dd- if you live among the wolves, learn to howl like them-dd- . if you think that mental illness interferes with financial success, just look at the average television evangelist-dd- . if you think that no one cares that you're alive, try missing a few car payments-dd- . if you try to please everybody, nobody will like it-dd- . if you want to make people angry, lie to them-dd- if you want to make them absolutely livid, then tell 'em the truth-dd- . if young women often do marry men like their fathers, no wonder their mothers cry at their weddings-dd- . in america, the secretary of agriculture catches hell for unmanageable food surpluses; in russia, his counterpart goes to siberia because of unmanageable food shortages-dd- . in a mad world, only greater madness succeeds-dd- . in a permissive society, the cream rises to the top-dd--dd--dd-and so does the scum-dd- . in a world that runs on deceit, deception, and duplicity, the honest man is always at a disadvantage-dd- . in any organization, there are only two people to contact if you want results: the one at the very top and the one at the very bottom-dd- . in case of doubt, make it sound convincing-dd- . in death, avoid hell-dd- in life, avoid the law courts-dd- . in defeat, malice-dd- in victory, revenge-dd- . in designing any type of machine component, no overall dimension can be totalled accurately after 4:30pm friday-dd- the correct total will become self-evident at 8:15am on monday-dd- . in doing good, avoid notoriety-dd- in doing evil, avoid self-awareness-dd- . in hell, treason is the work of angels-dd- . in jealousy, there is often more self-love than love-dd- . in order to obtain a loan, you must first prove that you don't need it-dd- . in some countries, chaucer and dante are the classics-dd- in this country, it's a soft drink-dd- . in the beginning, god created the organization and gave it dominion over man-dd- -genesis, article vii, section 3, paragraph c-dd- . in the final analysis, entropy always wins-dd- . in the long run, we are all dead-dd- in third-world politics, the people with the guns call the shots-dd- . injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere-dd- . inside every short man is a tall man doubled over in extreme pain-dd- . instead of worrying about the boxes in your organizational chart, be concerned with the people who are boxed in-dd- . institutions are more rarely overthrown from without, more often corroded from within-dd- . interesting history is awful living-dd- . isn't it strange that the same people who laugh at gypsy fortune-tellers take economists seriously-dd- . it doesn't much matter whom you marry, for tomorrow morning you discover that it was someone else-dd- . it is a grave error to allow any mechanical device to realize that you are in a hurry-dd- . it is axiomatic that even the strongest of men will fall before a pygmy with a submachine gun-dd- . it is better to add life to your years than it is to add years to your life-dd- . it is better to be envied than to be consoled-dd- . it is better to resign from office than it is to die in office; that way, you get to hear some of the eulogies-dd- . it is difficult to be politically conscious and upwardly mobile at the same time-dd- . it is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious-dd- . it is morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money-dd- . it is often easier to find the truth than it is to accept it-dd- . it is only in aesop's fables that an elephant takes advice from a mouse-dd- . it is probably better to be insane with the rest of the world than to be sane alone-dd- . it is the manner, and not the content, that marks a gentleman-dd- . it is when the irritation of doubt causes a struggle to attain belief that the enterprise of thought begins-dd- . it is wrong to repeat gossip, but what else can you do with it -qq- . it takes twenty-five dumb animals to make a fur coat-dd- and only one to wear it-dd- . it takes very little to make a woman happy, and more than is contained in heaven and earth to keep her that way-dd- . it's difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys-dd- it's not social oppression that moves wild-eyed revolutionaries; it's envy, pure and simple-dd- . it's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame-dd- . it's what you learn after you know it all that counts-dd- . john donne was wrong-dd- . journalism, like prostitution, is a career in which just one foray makes a professional-dd- . just because you are paranoid does not mean that no one is following you-dd- . justice must not only be done; it must be seen to be believed-dd- . kill the moneylenders-dd- . knowledge can cure ignorance, but intelligence cannot cure stupidity-dd- . labor disgraces no man, but often a man disgraces labor-dd- . large brains can contain small minds-dd- . last weke i cudn't even spel kumpooter programer and today i are one-xx- . law remains long after justice flees-dd- . leakproof seals - will-dd- selfstarters - will not-dd- interchangeable parts - won't-dd- . leftover nuts never match leftover bolts-dd- . less of a good thing is sometimes better - ask anyone on a diet-dd- . life is a learning experience; the diploma is your death certificate-dd- . life is a temporary assignment-dd- . life is a terminal condition-dd- . life's a bitch-dd- but, then, consider the alternative-dd- . little boys throw stones in jest-dd- little frogs die in earnest-dd- . live every day as though it were your last-dd- one day, you'll be right-dd- . live within your income, even if you must borrow to do it-dd- . locks and keys are for honest people-dd- . logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence-dd- . lost causes are the only ones worth fighting for-dd- . luck, it is said, dislikes working double shifts-dd- . making this world better will gain you the greatest credit in the next one-dd- . man does not live by bread alone-dd- but he damned well doesn't live without it, either-dd- . many know how to flatter; few know how to praise-dd- . marriage is like burning the house down to toast the bread-dd- . marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly-dd- . may you live in interesting times-dd- . mayflies continually plot to topple the cedar-dd- . measure twice 'cause you can only cut once-dd- . measured with a micrometer-dd- marked with chalk-dd- cut with an axe-dd- . men and nations will act rationally when all other possibilities have been exhausted-dd- . men heap together the mistakes of their lives and create a monster they call destiny-dd- . middle age is when you wonder if your warranty is running out-dd- . miles aren't the only distance-dd- . monotony is the law of nature-dd- observe the monotonous manner in which the sun rises-dd- . more men are sheep in wolves' clothing than the other way around-dd- . most men and nations die lying down-dd- . mother nature applies all her rules-dd--dd--dd-all the time-dd- . motor gently through the greasemud, for there lurks the skid demon-dd- . murphy's golden rule: whoever has the gold makes the rules-dd- . murphy's law: if it can go wrong, it will-dd--dd--dd-at the worst possible time and in the worst possible place-dd- fisher's law: murphy was an optimist-dd- . nature always sides with the hidden flaw-dd- . never argue with a fool-dd--dd--dd-people may not be able to tell you apart-dd- . never claim as a right that which you can ask as a favor-dd- . never climb a fence when you can sit on it-dd- . never complain; never explain-dd- . never do card tricks for the group you play poker with-dd- . never eat prunes when you are famished-dd- . never embezzle more than your employer can afford-dd- never get into a fight with an ugly person-dd- he has nothing to lose-dd- . never get mixed up with economists-dd- their thinking is muddy and they have bad breath-dd- . never have so many people understood so little about so much-dd- . never invest in anything that eats or needs repainting-dd- . never let your sense of morality stop you from doing what is right-dd- . never make the same mistake twice-dd--dd--dd-there are so many new ones to make-xx- . never marry a woman who prays too much-dd- . never mistake good manners for good will-dd- . never play leapfrog with a unicorn-dd- . never question your wife's judgement-dd--dd--dd-look whom she married-dd- . never step in anything soft-dd- . never trust anyone who laughs at his own one-liners-dd- . never try to teach a pig how to sing-dd- it is a waste of time and it annoys the pig-dd- . never underestimate the power of stupidity-dd- . never, ever trust anyone under 30 or over 25-dd- . never, ever, insult a telephone answering machine-dd- they have ways of getting even-dd- . new systems generate new problems-dd- . next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as satisfying as an income tax refund-dd- . no class of americans has ever objected to any amount of government meddling if it appeared to benefit that particular class-dd- . no man's knowledge goes beyond his experience-dd- . no man's life, liberty, or property are safe whilst the legislature is in session-dd- . no matter how bad your kid is, he's still good for a tax exemption-dd- . no matter how long or how diligently you shop for a machine, once you've purchased it, it will be on sale for 30% less-dd- . no name, no matter how simple, can be correctly understood over the phone-dd- . no one can make you feel inferior without your consent-dd- . no one ever found marvels by seeking them-dd- . no one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid-dd- . not all the kookies are in the jar-dd- nothing dispels enthusiasm like a small admission fee-dd- . nothing in our history is plainer, or more tragic, than the gulf between cleverness and wisdom-dd- . nothing in the universe arouses more false hopes than the first four hours of a diet-dd- . nothing irritates a standard american corporate executive quite so much as the sight of someone actually daring to practice capitalism-dd- . nothing is illegal if 100 businessmen decide to do it-dd- . nothing is really labor unless you would rather be doing something else-dd- . nothing motivates a man more than to see his boss put in an honest day's work-dd- . odds are, the phrase "it's none of my business" will be followed by "but"-dd- . of those teaching in today's schools, 80 percent are paid twice what they are worth and 20 percent are paid half what they are worth-dd- . old age is like a burglar-dd- it robs you of all the goodies and leaves the rubbish-dd- . old men and comets have long been revered for the same reasons; their long beards and their supposed ability to foretell events-dd- . old men make wars-dd- young men fight them-dd- . on the one day you take your secretary to lunch, your wife will be lunching in the same restaurant-dd- . once upon a time, there were two chinamen-dd- now look how many there are-dd- . once you understand the problem, you find that it is worse than you expected-dd- . one goddamned thing leads to another goddamned thing-dd- . one good thing about living on a farm is that you can fight with your wife and ain't nobody gonna hear-dd- . one lawyer = a crook-dd- two lawyers = a law firm-dd- three or more lawyers = a legislature-dd- . one may generally observe a singular accord between supercelestial ideas and subterranean behavior-dd- . one sees more clearly backward than forward-dd- . one thing you can say for kids: they don't go around showing pictures of their grandparents-dd- . opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment-dd- . our architect's plans for plant renovation begin with a precision air strike-dd- . peace is a premise the existence of which we have deduced from the intervals between wars-dd- . people are always available for work in the past tense-dd- . people use the most words when they are the least certain of what they are saying-dd- . people who cough a lot never go to the doctor-dd--dd--dd-just to movies, concerts, and lectures-dd- . people who have no faults are terrible: there is no way to take advantage of them-dd- . people who live in a golden age complain that everything looks yellow-dd- . people, like turtles, make little progress without sticking their necks out-dd- . pessimists are the world's happiest people-dd--dd--dd--dd- ninety percent of the time they are right, and the other ten percent they are pleasantly surprised-dd- . pinocchio was such a dolt to try to become a human being-dd- he was much better off with a wooden head-dd- . policemen with private motives are dangerous-dd- . political cunning should never be mistaken for intelligence-dd- . politicians are much like ships: noisiest when lost in a fog-dd- . politicians deal with the public on the basis of the mushroom policy: keep them in the dark and feed them manure-dd- . practical politics consists of ignoring the facts-dd- come to think of it, practical anything consists of that-dd- . proctologist's revenge: put ben-gay in a guy's tube of nupercainal-dd- . proof-positive that eastern and western technologies can indeed work together: the teflon-coated wok-dd- . psychopaths aren't born-dd- they are made-dd- . rabbits dance at the funeral of the lion-dd- . reality precedes perception-dd- except, of course, in southern california-dd- . remember the good old days when juvenile delinquency was observed mainly in juveniles . remember when "there's something in the air" was just a figure of speech . respect for ourselves guides our morals; deference to others governs our manners-dd- . revenge is a dish best served cold-dd- roughing it is television without cable-dd- . rumors are the sauce of a dry life-dd- . saints engage in introspection while burly sinners run the world-dd- . scandal, like hypocrisy, is bipartisan-dd- . science has finally found what distinguishes man from the other beasts: financial worries-dd- . serendipity is looking in a haystack for a needle and finding the farmer's daughter-dd- . show me anything whereof it may be said "see, this is new," and i will show you it hath been-dd- . shrink not from blasphemy - t'will pass for wit-dd- . simple pleasures are the last refuge of the complex-dd- . since few large pleasures are lent to us on a long lease, it is wise to cultivate a large undergrowth of small pleasures-dd- . small things entertain small minds-dd- . smooth seas never made a good sailor-dd- . some people are always lost in thought; other people lack thoughts large enough to be lost in-dd- . some people can look so busy that they seem indispensable-dd- . some people can stay longer in an hour than others can in a week-dd- . some people manage by the book, even though they don't know who wrote the book or even what book-dd- . sometimes it is good to be only a fly when giants are fighting for the heavens-dd- . sometimes, a cigar is just a cigar-dd- - s-dd- freud . songs unheard are sweeter far-dd- . stress is that condition created when the mind overrides the body's basic desire to choke the living shit out of some asshole who desperately needs it-dd- . strong words connote weak arguments-dd- . succeeding is more satisfying than success-dd- . success consists of reaching 40 before your waist does-dd- . support your local bloodhound-dd- get lost-dd- . sympathy is what you give a relative when you don't want to lend him cash-dd- . take care which rut you choose; you'll be in it for the next ten years-dd- taking something with a grain of salt may raise your blood pressure-dd- . tatoos are the common man's way of investing in art-dd- . technology is dominated by those who manage what they do not understand-dd- . television is chewing gum for the eyes-dd- . tell a man that there are 500 million trillion stars in the universe and he will believe you-dd- tell him that there's wet paint on that bench-dd--dd--dd--dd- . tempt not a desperate man-dd- . that which is crooked cannot be made straight, although there are psychotherapists who might disagree-dd- . the boy scout credo: sound mind, sound body-dd--dd--dd-take your choice-dd- . the british parliament is called the "mother of legislatures"-dd- a somewhat similar term is often applied to congress-dd- . the devil's greatest triumph was convincing the modern world that he doesn't exist-dd- . the russians will never invade us-dd--dd--dd-there's no place to park-dd- . the attention span of a computer is only as long as its electrical cord-dd- . the average u-dd-s-dd- taxpayer is proud to be paying taxes-dd- of course, he could be just as proud for half the money-dd- . the best bilge pump in the world is a terrified sailor with a bucket-dd- . the best way to achieve immortality is by not dying-dd- . the best way to attract money is to give the appearance of having it-dd- . the best way to avoid growing old is not to be born so soon-dd- . the best way to make fire with two sticks is to insure that one of them is a match-dd- . the best way to save face is to keep the lower half closed-dd- . the bigger they are, the harder they punch-dd- . the biggest idiot can ask questions the smartest man cannot answer-dd- . the danger in being king is that after a while you begin to believe you really are one-dd- . the deepest and most important virtues are often the dullest ones-dd- . the degree of technical competence is inversely proportional to the level of management-dd- . the fifteen minute morning coffee break is when your employees take a break from doing nothing-dd- . the first great gift that we can bestow upon others is a good example-dd- . the first place in which to look for something is the last place in which you expect to find it-dd- . the fraudulence of the exercise is proportional to the margin of victory-dd- . the galaxy is full of dishonorable men -dd--dd--dd-well, everyone's got to make a living-dd- . the gap between theory and practice is filled with apology-dd- . the great classes of people will more easily fall victims to a great lie than to a small one-dd- . the great tragedy of our era is not the significance of things but the insignificance of things-dd- . the healthy stomach is nothing if not conservative; few radicals have good digestions-dd- . the human brain is a wonderous instrument-dd- it starts working the moment you wake up and doesn't stop until you get to the office-dd- . the last man on earth sat alone in a room-dd- there was a knock on the door-dd--dd--dd- . the last time doctors went on strike, the death rate dropped thirty percent-dd- . the later you are for your flight, the more times you have to go through the metal detector-dd- . the law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, beg in the streets, and steal bread-dd- . the lawyer's credo: if you can't dazzle 'em with brilliance, baffle 'em with bullshit-dd- . the light at the end of the tunnel is the headlamp of an oncoming train-dd- . the longer you wait in line, the greater the probability that it is the wrong line-dd- . the man who is always talking about being a gentleman never is one-dd- . the more cordial the buyer's secretary, the greater the probability that the competition already has the order-dd- . the most beautiful days of the year are always the days just before and just after your vacation-dd- . the most successful journey is a dull journey-dd- . the mouse dreams dreams that would terrify the cat-dd- . the nice thing about scientific studies is that you can always find one that proves conclusively that your product is safe and that your competitor's causes cancer-dd- . the number of employees in any work group tends to increase irrespective of the amount of work to be done-dd- . the number of people watching you is directly proportional to the stupidity of what you're doing-dd- the one time in the day that you lean back and relax is the one time the boss comes strolling through the plant-dd- . the only government handout that i want is the government's hand out of my pocket-dd- . the only imperfect thing in nature is the human race-dd- . the only people that snobs want to know are those who don't want to know them-dd- . the only people to profit from the mistakes of others are biographers-dd- . the only perfect science is hindsight-dd- . the only thing worse than a male chauvinist pig is the female version-dd- . the only things in history that are inevitable are those that have already happened-dd- . the only valid generalization that can be made about scientists is that they require unlimited resources for improbable projects of interminable gestation periods-dd- . the opera ain't over 'til the fat lady sings-dd- . the opulence of the front office decor varies inversely with the fundamental solvency of the firm-dd- . the organization of any bureaucracy is very much like a septic tank-dd--dd--dd--dd-the really big chunks always rise to the top-dd- . the person who buys the most raffle tickets has the least chance of winning-dd- . the person who marries for money generally ends up earning it-dd- . the person who snores the loudest will fall asleep first-dd- . the price of total freedom is total anarchy-dd- the price of total security is total enslavement-dd- . the primary function of the design engineer is to make things difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman-dd- . the probability of a piece of bread falling with the buttered side down is proportional to the cost of the carpet-dd- . the probability of your alarm not going off increases in direct proportion to the importance of your 8:00am meeting-dd- . the promises of maniacs, like those of salesmen, are not safely relied upon-dd- . the race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, but that's the way to bet 'em-dd- . the rat race is over-dd- the rats won-dd- . the real crime in education today is not the way we treat teachers but whom we allow to be teachers-dd- . the real outrage today isn't what's illegal-dd- it's what is legal-dd- . the reason the way of the sinner is hard is because it is so crowded-dd- . the reason why worry kills more people than work does is that more people worry than work-dd- . the repairman will never have seen a model quite like yours before-dd- . the saddest of words: i always wanted to but never did-dd- . the secret of staying young is finding an age that you really like and then sticking with it-dd- . the secret of success is sincerity-dd- once you can fake that, you've got it made-dd- . the ship of state is the only ship that leaks at the top-dd- . the smaller the issue, the bigger the fight-dd- . the sole reliable test of a first-rate intelligence is to hold two opposite ideas in the mind whilst still retaining the ability to tie one's own shoe laces-dd- . the sooner man begins to spend his wealth, the better he uses it-dd- . the strongest part of any paper form is the perforation-dd- . the successful enjoyment of vice requires training and long practice-dd- . the sun ariseth and the sun goeth down, and the same things come alike to the righteous and the wicked-dd- . the supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive-dd- . the tale of the errant entrepreneur: high chair; high school; high hopes; high finance; "hi, warden-xx-"-dd- . the universe is governed by a committee; no one man could make that many mistakes-dd- . the very same american textile industry that lobbies hysterically against the import of textile products imports virtually all its textile manufacturing machinery-dd--dd--dd-i wonder why . the whole of life is futile unless you regard it is a sporting proposition-dd- . the world is a comedy to those that think, a tragedy to those that feel-dd- . the world is disgracefully managed; one hardly knows to whom to complain-dd- . them that has, gets-dd- . there are no moral messages in nature-dd- . there are only four basic plots in life, and nine in literature-dd- . there are those who make things happen-dd- there are those who watch things happen-dd- and there are those who wonder what happened-dd- . there are three rules for successfully managing people: unfortunately, no one knows what they are-dd- . there are three types of deliberate falsehoods: lies, damned lies, and salesmen's promises-dd- . there are two kinds of men who never amount to much: those who cannot do what they are told, and those who can do nothing else-dd- . there are two periods in which congress does no business: one is before the holidays and the other is after-dd- . there is a time for everything-dd- mostly, the wrong time-dd- . there is always one more son of a bitch than you counted on-dd- . there is an optimal size for any project, and it is always bigger than you can afford-dd- . there is no truth in the rumor that man is immortal-dd- . there is nothing like a grievance to sharpen an old man's wits-dd- . there is nothing more terrible than ignorance in action-dd- . there is nothing wrong with you that an expensive surgical operation cannot prolong-dd- . there is wisdom in madness and strong probability of truth in all accusations, for people are complete, and everybody is capable of anything-dd- . there's nothing wrong with gluttony-dd--dd--dd-providing you don't overdo it-dd- . these days, an education is essential for career success-dd- unless, of course, you run for congress-dd- . they don't invite you to the white house for a drink because they think you are thirsty-dd- . things get worse under pressure-dd- . those things are better which are perfected by nature than those which are finished by art-dd- . those who beat their swords into plowshares generally end up plowing for those who didn't-dd- . those who can - do-dd- those who can't - teach-dd- those totally devoid of useful ability become government economists-dd- . those who can't teach - administer-dd- those who can't administer - run for public office-dd- . those who do not follow are dragged-dd- . those who do not learn from history often end up making it-dd- . those who like sausage or political policy should not watch either being made-dd- . time is a great teacher, but it kills all its pupils-dd- . to a little fish, the waters are always deep-dd- . to a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail-dd- . to a weary horse, even his own tail is a burden-dd- . to err is human-dd- to really foul things up requires a computer-dd- to create utter chaos with no perceivable possibility of salvation calls for an mba-dd- . to have honesty coupled to beauty is to have honey the sauce to sugar-dd- . to hear tell a hundred times is not as good as once seeing-dd- . to spot the true expert, pick the one who predicts the job will take the longest and cost the most-dd- . to understand the clay is not to understand the pot-dd- . today's conservative is yesterday's liberal who got mugged last night-dd- . too much of anything is wonderful-dd- . truth is a hard master to serve, for the more devotedly you serve her, the more she hurts you-dd- . truth is very precious, so salesmen and politicians use it very sparingly-dd- . tyranny is always better organized than freedom is-dd- . under some conditions, in some place, at some time, there will always be at least one law, ordinance, or statute under which you can be booked-dd- . under the most rigorously controlled conditions of temperature, pressure, humidity, time, and voltage, the machine will do as it damned well pleases-dd- . unfaithfulness in the keeping of an appointment is an act of clear dishonesty-dd- . you may as well take a person's money as his time-dd- . universities are full of knowledge-dd- the freshmen bring a little in and the seniors take none away, so knowledge accumulates-dd- . virtue does not lend itself to the same verbal enthusiasms that vice does-dd- . virtue is a social liability-dd- . we ain't cheap, but by gosh, we're good-xx- . we are all passengers in the leaky rowboat of life-dd- so, bail faster, damn it-xx- . we are inclined to believe those whom we do not know because they have never deceived us-dd- . we do not know who first discovered water-dd- however, we are confident that it was not a fish-dd- . we don't know one millionth of one per cent about anything-dd- . we know what we are, but not what we may be-dd- . welcome to the totally-automated, fully computerized world of the twenty-first century, where nothing can go wrong-dd--dd--dd-go wrong-dd--dd--dd-go wrong-dd--dd--dd- . what do the lie detector and wonder woman have in common they were invented by the same person-dd- kinda figures, doesn't it-dd- . what do you call 500 bureaucrats at the bottom of the potomac river -qq- a start-dd- . what people say behind your back is your standing in the community-dd- . what the large print giveth, the small print taketh away-dd- . whatever is not nailed down is the government's-dd- whatever the government can pry loose is not nailed down-dd- . when i works, i works fast-dd- when i plays, i plays hard-dd- and when i thinks, i falls asleep-dd- . when a broken machine is demonstrated for the repairman, it will work perfectly-dd- . when a man dies, he does not die just of the disease he has; he dies of his whole life-dd- . when anything is used to its full potential, it will break-dd- . when comes the revolution, things will be different - not better, just different-dd- . when in doubt, mumble-dd- when in trouble, delegate-dd- . when in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, yell and shout-dd- . when men are easy in their circumstances, they are naturally enemies to innovation-dd- . when smashing monuments, always save the pedestals - they come in handy-dd- . when the hounds bay, the fox and the rabbit are brothers-dd- . when the mouse laughs at the cat, there is a hole very near by-dd- . when the old dog barks, better look out the window-dd- . when there is no danger in fighting, there is no glory in winning-dd- . when you do not know what you are doing, do it neatly-dd- . when you've read about one train wreck, you've read about them all-dd- . whenever a man casts a longing eye at public office, a rottenness appears in his conduct-dd- . whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damned fool discovers something which either abolishes the system or expands it totally beyond recognition-dd- . where you stand on an issue depends upon where you sit-dd- . who mourns the falling of a single leaf -qq- . whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad-dd- . why do they always start off the evening news with "good evening" when all they do is tell you why it isn't -qq- . why is there always so much month left at the end of the money -qq- . why long for glory, which one despises as soon as one has it -qq- . women like silent men-dd- they think they're listening-dd- . women's taste in neckties is as bad as men's in chintz-dd- . work smarder and not harder and be careful of yor speling-dd- . workers these days don't mind putting in an honest day's work-dd- trouble is, it takes 'em a week to do it-dd- . would that reason were as contagious as emotion-dd- . would you fly in an airliner designed and built by the lowest bidder-qq- . yea, though i walk thru the valley of the shadow of death, i shall fear no evil, 'cause i'm the meanest s-dd-o-dd-b-dd- in the valley-dd- . years ago, the symbol of america was the bald eagle-dd- today, it is the beer bottle on the side of the road-dd- . you can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word-dd- . you can never tell which way the train went by looking at the track-dd- . you can say this for death and taxes: when you are done with one, you're done with the other-dd- . you can't drown your troubles, not the real ones, because if they are real, they can swim-dd- . you can't have a clear head when there is a sword hanging over it-dd- . you can't win-dd- . you cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know when it will be too late-dd- . you cannot reason a man out of that which he has not been reasoned into-dd- . you cannot tame a tiger by pulling but one of his teeth-dd- . you know that it's gonna be a bad day when you call suicide prevention and they put you on hold-dd- you know you are in trouble when you come to work in the morning and the boss tells you not to take off your coat-dd- . you know you are in trouble when your only son tells you he wishes anita bryant would mind her own business-dd- . you may not get what you pay for, but you always pay for what you get-dd- . you never know how many friends you have until you own a house at the beach-dd- . you only go around once, and there's not enough gusto for everyone-dd- . you rarely observe a mob rushing across town to do a good deed-dd- . you've one mouth and two ears-dd--dd--dd-use them in that proportion-dd- . your freedom to swing your arm ends where my nose begins-dd- . it is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost-dd- . it is bad luck to be superstitious-dd- . if it jams, force it-dd- if it breaks, it needed replacement anyway-dd- . always remember that you are unique-dd- just like everyone else-dd- . a woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle-dd- . a bachelor is a guy who is footloose and fiancee free-dd- . if yoda a great jedi master he is, why not a good sentence construct can he-qq- . people will remember you better if you always wear the same outfit-dd- . hes dead, jim you take his tri-corder and ill search his pockets-dd- . i dont like the smacks cereal commericals; i dont like the idea of a frog jumping on my breakfast-dd- . all things are possible except for skiing through a revolving door-dd- . only two of my personalities are schizophrenic, but one of them is paranoid and the other one is out to get him-dd- . losing your drivers license is just gods way of saying booga, booga-xx- . if you love a thing of beauty, set it free-dd- if it doesnt come back to you, hunt it down and kill it-dd- . i may be schizophrenic, but at least ill always have each other-dd- . give your child mental blocks for christmas-dd- . i stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards-dd- i got a full house and four people died-dd- . is sonny really kookoo for cocoa puffs, or is he just being paid to say that-qq- . sex is not the answer-dd- sex is the question-dd- yes is the answer-dd- . it is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious-dd- . parker's law: beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone-dd- . those who can't write, write manuals-dd- . the brain is a wonderful organ: it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school-dd- . you'd be paranoid too if everybody hated you-dd- . all generalities are false-dd- . i'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous-dd- . duct tape is like the force-dd- it has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together-dd- . i used to think i was indecisive, but now i'm not so sure-dd- . boob's law: you always find something in the last place you look-dd- . cole's law: thinly sliced cabbage-dd- . things are more like they used to be than they are now-dd- . there is so much sand in northern africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the sahara desert-dd- . it has been said that we only use 15% of our brain-dd- i wonder what we do with the other 75%-qq- . if you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word you say, talk in your sleep-dd- . if you have a difficult task, give it to someone lazy -dd--dd--dd- that person will find an easier way to do it-dd- . you know it's going to be a bad day when your car horn goes off accidentally and remains stuck as you follow a group of hell's angels on the freeway-dd- . the way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start with a large fortune-dd- . . a virtuous abstinence from the joys of pederasty comes most easily to those who have no taste for it-dd- . alas, i am dying beyond my means-dd- (sipping champagne on his deathbed) . as long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination-dd- when it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular-dd- . democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for the people-dd- . fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months-dd- . the only way to behave to a woman is to make love to her if she is pretty and to someone else if she is plain-dd- . the only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it-dd- . there is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about-dd- . whenever people agree with me i always feel i must be wrong-dd- . why was i born with such contemporaries-qq- . young men want to be faithful and are not; old men want to be faithless and cannot-dd- abbott's admonitions: 1) if you have to ask, you're not entitled to know-dd- 2) if you don't like the answer, you shouldn't have asked the question-dd- . abrams's advice: when eating an elephant, take one bite at a time-dd- . rule of accuracy: when working toward the solution of a problem, it always helps if you know the answer-dd- . corollary: provided, of course, that you know there is a problem-dd- . acheson's rule of the bureaucracy: a memorandum is written not to inform the reader but to protect the writer-dd- . acton's law: power tends to corrupt; absolute power corrupts absolutely-dd- . ade's law: anybody can win -- unless there happens to be a second entry-dd- . airplane law: when the plane you are on is late, the plane you want to transfer to is on time-dd- . albrecht's law: social innovations tend to the level of minimum tolerable well being-dd- . algren's precepts: never eat at a place called mom's-dd- never play cards with a man named doc-dd- and never lie down with a woman who's got more troubles than you-dd- . allen's law of civilization: it is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be coming up it-dd- . bradley's bromide: if computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee - that will do them in-dd- . civilization: civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can do without thinking of them-dd- . agnes allen's law: almost anything is easier to get into than out of-dd- . fred allen's law: i'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy-dd- . alley's axiom: justice always prevails -dd--dd--dd- three times out of seven-dd- . allison's precept: the best simple-minded test of experience in a particular area is the ability to win money in a series of bets on future occurrences in that area-dd- . anderson's law: i have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when you looked at it in the right way, did not become still more complicated-dd- . andrew's canoeing postulate: no matter which direction you start, it's always against the wind coming back-dd- . andrew's deduction: attila the hun came from a broken home-dd- . law of annoyance: when working on a project, if you put away a tool that you're certain you're finished with, you will need it instantly-dd- . anthony's law of force: don't force it, get a larger hammer-dd- . anthony's law of the workshop: any tool, when dropped, will roll into the least accessible corner of the workshop-dd- . corollary: on the way to the corner, any dropped tool will first strike your toes-dd- . approval seeker's law: those whose approval you seek the most give you the least-dd- . the aquinas axiom: what the gods get away with, the cows don't-dd- . army axiom: any order that can be misunderstood has been misunderstood-dd- . army law: if it moves, salute it; if it doesn't move, pick it up; if you can't pick it up, paint it-dd- . astrology law: it's always the wrong time of the month-dd- . fourteenth corollary of atwood's general law of dynamic negatives: no books are lost by loaning except those you particularly wanted to keep-dd- . avery's rule of three: trouble strikes in series of threes, but when working around the house the next job after a series of three is not the fourth job -- it is the start of a brand new series of three-dd- . babcock's law: if it can be borrowed and it can be broken, you will borrow it and you will break it-dd- . baer's quartet: what's good politics is bad economics; what's bad politics is good economics; what's good economics is bad politics; what's bad economics is good politics-dd- . baker's byroad: when you are over the hill, you pick up speed-dd- . baker's law: misery no longer loves company-dd- nowadays it insists on it-dd- . baldy's law: some of it plus the rest of it is all of it-dd- . barr's comment on domestic tranquility: on a beautiful day like this it's hard to believe anyone can be unhappy -- but we'll work on it-dd- . barth's distinction: there are two classes of people: those who divide people into two classes, and those who don't-dd- . bartz's law of hokey horsepuckery: the more ridiculous a belief system, the higher the probability of its success-dd- . baruch's rule for determining old age: old age is always fifteen years older than i am-dd- . forthoffer's cynical summary of barzun's laws: 1) that which has not yet been taught directly can never be taught directly-dd- 2) if at first you don't succeed, you will never succeed-dd- . baxter's first law: government intervention in the free market always leads to a lower national standard of living-dd- . beardsley's warning to lawyers: beware of and eschew pompous prolixity-dd- . beauregard's first law: when you're up to your nose, keep your mouth shut-dd- . beauregard's second law: all people are cremated equal-dd- . thoughts on reality : the trouble with having both feet on the ground is that it brings one into unbearably close contact with the world-dd- thomas szasz -"heresies" . definition: lawyers : litigants are amateur self-justifiers; lawyers are the professional justifiers of others-dd- thomas szasz -"heresies" . axiom on thinking : there is no good digestion without hydrochloric acid; and there is no good thinking without adrenaline-dd- thomas szasz -"heresies" beware of people who tell you that a little knowledge is a dangerous thing - unless they quickly add that no knowledge is a fatal thing-dd- they are trying to make you more vulnerable, not more wise-dd- thomas szasz -"heresies" . thoughts on management : if everyone dislikes it, it must be looked into-dd- if everyone likes it, it must be looked into-dd- . e-dd-e-dd- cummings' theory of knowledge: all ignorance toboggans into know . becker's law: it is much harder to find a job than to keep one-dd- . belle's constant: the ratio of time involved in work to time available for work is usually about 0-dd-6-dd- . benchley's distinction: there are two types of people: those who divide people into two types, and those who don't-dd- . benchley's law: anyone can do any amount of work, provided it isn't the work he is supposed to be doing at that moment-dd- . first law of bicycling: no matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the wind-dd- . the billings phenomenon: the conclusions of most good operations research studies are obvious-dd- . billing's law: live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so-dd- . blaauw's law: established technology tends to persist in spite of new technology-dd- . blanchard's newspaper obituary law: if you want your name spelled wrong, die-dd- . bok's law: if you think education is expensive -- try ignorance-dd- . boling's postulate: if you're feeling good, don't worry-dd- you'll get over it-dd- . bolton's law of ascending budgets: under current practices, both expenditures and revenues rise to meet each other, no matter which one may be in excess-dd- . bombeck's rule of medicine: never go to a doctor whose office plants have died-dd- . boyle's observation: a welfare state is one that assumes responsibility for the health, happiness, and general well-being of all its citizens except the taxpayers-dd- . boston's irreversible law of clutter: in any household, junk accumulates to fill the space available for its storage-dd- . booker's law: an ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction-dd- . bonafede's revelation: the conventional wisdom is that power is an aphrodisiac-dd- in truth, it's exhausting-dd- . boob's law: you always find something the last place you look-dd- . boozer's revision: a bird in the hand is dead-dd- . boren's laws of the bureaucracy: 1) when in doubt, mumble-dd- 2) when in trouble, delegate-dd- 3) when in charge, ponder-dd- . borstelmann's rule: if everything seems to be coming your way, you're probably in the wrong lane-dd- . boultbee's criterion: if the converse of a statement is absurd, the original statement is an insult to the intelligence and should never have been said-dd- . branch's first law of crisis: the spirit of public service will rise, and the bureaucracy will multiply itself much faster, in time of grave national concern-dd- . first law of bridge: it's always the partner's fault-dd- . brien's first law: at some time in the life cycle of virtually every organization, its ability to succeed in spite of itself runs out-dd- . broder's law: anybody that wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two years organizing and campaigning for it is not to be trusted with the office-dd- . brontosaurus principle: organizations can grow faster than their brains can manage them in relation to their environment and to their own physiology; when this occurs, they are an endangered species-dd- . brooks's law: adding manpower to a late software project makes it later-dd- . brooke's law: whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool discovers something which either abolishes the system or expands it beyond recognition-dd- . (sam) brown's law: never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance-dd- . (tony) brown's law of business success: our customer's paperwork is profit-dd- our own paperwork is loss-dd- . bruce-brigg's law of traffic: at any level of traffic, any delay is intolerable-dd- . buchwald's law: as the economy gets better, everything else gets worse-dd- . bucy's law: nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man-dd- . bumper sticker axiom: vm systems programmers do it virtually all the time-dd- . bunuel's law: overdoing things is harmful in all cases, even when it comes to efficiency-dd- . burns's balance: if the assumptions are wrong, the conclusions aren't likely to be very good-dd- . butler's law of progress: all progress is based on a universal innate desire on the part of every organism to live beyond its income-dd- . bye's first law of model railroading: anytime you wish to demonstrate something, the number of faults is proportional to the number of viewers-dd- . bye's second law of model railroading: the desire for modeling a prototype is inversely proportional to the decline of the prototype-dd- . cahn's axiom (allen's axiom): when all else fails, read the instructions-dd- . calkin's law of menu language: the number of adjectives and verbs that are added to the description of a menu item is in inverse proportion to the quality of the resulting dish-dd- . john cameron's law: no matter how many times you've had it, if it's offered, take it, because it'll never be quite the same again-dd- . camp's law: a coup that is known in advance is a coup that does not take place-dd- . campbell's law: nature abhors a vacuous experimenter-dd- . canada bill jones's motto: it's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money-dd- . canada bill jones's supplement: a smith and wesson beats four aces-dd- . cannon's cogent comment: the leak in the roof is never in the same location as the drip-dd- . captain risser's law: if it's in stock, we have it-xx- . cavanaugh's postulate: all kookies are not in a jar-dd- . law of character and appearance: people don't change; they only become more so-dd- . checkbook balancer's law: in matters of dispute, the bank's balance is always smaller than yours-dd- . cheop's law: nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget-dd- . chesterton's observation: i have seen the truth and it makes no sense-dd- . chili cook's secret: if your next pot of chili tastes better, it probably is because of something left out, rather than added-dd- . chisholm's second law: when things are going well, something will go wrong-dd- . corollaries: 1) when things just can't get any worse, they will-dd- 2) anytime things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something-dd- . the first discovery of christmas morning: batteries not included-dd- . the first discovery of christmas afternoon: give a kid a new toy - dad will play with the toy, the kid will play with the box it came in-dd- . etorre's observation: the other line moves faster-dd- . faber's fourth law: necessity is the mother of strange bedfellows-dd- . feldstein's law: never, ever, play leapfrog with a unicorn-dd- . the golden rule: whoever has the gold makes the rules-dd- . rev-dd- mahaffey's observation: there's no such thing as a small whiskey-dd- . the law of probable dispersal: whatever hits the fan will not be evenly distributed (also known as: the how come it all landed on me law)-dd- . martha's maxim: if god had meant for us to travel tourist class, he would have made us narrower-dd- . russell's observation: due to a lack of trained trumpeters, the end of the world has been postponed indefinitely-dd- . ellenberg's theory: one good turn gets most of the blanket-dd- . the point of no return law: the light at the end of the tunnel could turn out to be the headlight of an oncoming train-dd- . moer's truism: the trouble with most jobs is the resemblance to being in a sled dog team: no one gets a change of scenery, except the lead dog-dd- . firestone's law of forecasting: chicken little only has to be right once-dd- . gordon's first law: if a project is not worth doing at all, it is not worth doing well-dd- . grierson's law of minimal self-delusion: every man nourishes within himself a secret plan for getting rich that will not work-dd- . gumperson's law: the probability of anything happening is inversely proportional to its desirability-dd- . hoare's law of large problems: inside every large problem there is a small problem struggling to get out-dd- . horowitz's first law of the admirality: a collision at sea can ruin your entire day-dd- . how's law: every man has a scheme that will not work-dd- . jiminez's maxim: if they give you ruled paper, write the other way-dd- . jones' motto: friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate-dd- . mahr's law of restrained involvement: don't get any on you-dd- . maier's law: if the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be discarded-dd- . the first law of management: kickbacks must always exceed bribes-dd- . munroes observation: common sense is not that common-dd- . murphy's law: if anything can go wrong, it will-dd- . the new math version of murphy's law: if there is a 50/50 chance of something going wrong, nine times out of ten it will-dd- . o'toole's commentary on murphy's law: murphy was an optimist-dd- . the first corollary to murphy's law: nothing is as easy as it looks-dd- . the second corollary to murphy's law: everything takes longer than you think-dd- . the third corollary to murphy's law: if there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong-dd- . the fourth corollary to murphy's law: if you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly develop-dd- . the fifth corollary to murphy's law: left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse-dd- . the sixth corollary to murphy's law: whenever you start out to do something, something else must be done first-dd- . the seventh corollary to murphy's law: every solution breeds new problems-dd- . the eighth corollary to murphy's law: it is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious-dd- . the ninth corollary to murphy's law: nature always sides with the hidden flaw-dd- . the tenth corollary to murphy's law: mother nature is a bitch-dd- . murphy's law, version no-dd- 11: if you fool around with a thing for very long, you will screw it up-dd- . murphy's law, version no-dd- 12: fixing a thing takes longer and costs more than you thought-dd- . murphy's law, version no-dd- 13: no amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation for detail-dd- . murphy's law, version no-dd- 14: complex problems have simple, easy-to-understand wrong answers-dd- . murphy's law, version no-dd- 15: in order for something to become clean, something else must become dirty-dd- . murphy's law, version no-dd- 16: an easily understood, workable falsehood is more useful than a complex, incomprehensible truth-dd- . murphy's law, version no-dd- 17: anything based on greed and avarice is on a firm footing and will prevail-dd- . murphy's law, version no-dd- 18: we have more to fear from the bumbling of the incompetent than from the machinations of the wicked-dd- . murphy's law, version no-dd- 19: as the economy gets better, everything else gets worse-dd- . murphy's law, version no-dd- 20: if several things that could have gone wrong have not gone wrong, it would have been ultimately beneficial for them to have gone wrong-dd- . murphy's law, version no-dd- 21: the secret of success is sincerity-dd- once you can fake that, you have it made-dd- . ninety-ninety rule of project schedules: the first 90% of the task takes 90% of the time-dd- the last 10% of the task takes the other 90%-dd- . nonreciprocal laws of expectations: negative expectations yield negative results-dd- positive expectations yield negative results-dd- . nowlan's truism: an "acceptable level of unemployment" means that the government economist to whom it is acceptable still has a job-dd- . pastore's truth: most jobs are marginally better than daytime tv-dd- . turnaucka's law: the attention span of a computer is only as long as it's electrical cord-dd- . laws of programming: definition: a working program is one that has only unobserved bugs . laws of programming: #1 - every non-trivial program has at least one bug corollary 1: a sufficient condition for program triviality is that it have no bugs-dd- corollary 2: at least one bug will be observed after the author leaves the organization . laws of programming: #2 - bugs will appear in one part of a working program when another "unrelated" part is modified . laws of programming: #3 - the subtlest bugs cause the greatest damage and problems-dd- corollary 1: a subtle bug will modify storage thereby masquerading as some other problem . laws of programming: #4 - ("lulled into security law") a "debugged" program that crashes will wipe out source files on storage devices when there is the least available backup . laws of programming: #5 - a hardware failure will cause system software to crash, and the customer engineer will blame the programmer . laws of programming: #6 - a system software crash will cause hardware to act strangely and the programmers will blame the customer engineer . laws of programming: #7 - the documented interfaces between standard software modules will have undocumented quirks . laws of programming: #8 - the probability of a hardware failure disappearing is inversely proportional to the distance between the computer and the customer engineer . laws of programming: #9 - murphy designed all system software note: for those who may be in doubt, murphy's law states that if anything can go wrong, it will, and always at the most inconvenient time-dd- . laws of programming: #10 - (galvin's law): murphy was an optimist . laws of programming: #11 - any given program, when running, is obsolete . laws of programming: #12 - if a program is useless, it will have to be documented if a program is useful it will have to be changed . laws of programming: #13 - any program will expand to fill all available memory . laws of programming: #14 - the value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output . laws of programming: #15 - program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of the programmer to maintain it . laws of programming: #16 - make it possible for programmers to write in english and you will find out that programmers cannot write in english . thoughts on programming, number 1: if a programmer is found to be indispensable, the best thing to do is to get rid of him as quickly as possible-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 2: some years ago, when cobol was the great white programming hope, one heard much talk of the possibility of executives being able to read programs -dd--dd--dd- nobody can seriously have this-xx- -dd--dd--dd- even programmers do not read programs-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 3: there are -dd--dd--dd- programs that should be thrown away before ever being used-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 4: asking for efficiency and adaptability in the same program is like asking for a beautiful and modest wife -dd--dd--dd- we'll probably have to settle for one or the other-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 5: if the programmer is working in a language that allows only three dimensions, we are not likely to observe more than three-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 6: putting a bunch of people to work on the same problem doesn't make them a team-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 7: each program has an appropriate level of care and sophistication dependent on the uses to which it will be put-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 8: to detect errors, the programmer must have a conniving mind, one that delights in uncovering flaws where beauty and perfection were once thought to lie-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 9: for locating errors, however, we want a person who has the persistence of a mother-in-law and the collecting instincts of a pack rat-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 10: if the poor workman hates his tools, the good workman hates poor tools-dd- the work of the workingman is, in a sense, defined by his tools-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 11: 'programming' - like 'loving' - is a single word that encompasses an infinitude of activities-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . einstein's view of questions the important thing is not to stop questioning-dd- curiosity has its own reason for existing-dd- -albert einstein . thoughts on programming, number 12: programming shares with prayer the feature of directional transmission and broadcast reception-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 13: in some terminal systems -dd--dd--dd- the user can keep his program from being pushed down in the priority stack by fiddling with the shift key while he is thinking-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 14: the expert is a person who avoids the small errors as he sweeps on to the grand fallacy-dd- -anonymous . thoughts on programming, number 15: the nature of programming being what it is, there is no relationship between the 'size' of the error and the problems it causes-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 16: when a programmer has a difficult time finding a bug, it is because he is looking in the wrong place-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 17: documentation is the castor oil of programming -dd--dd--dd- the managers know it must be good because programmers hate it so much-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 18: the human mind ordinarily operates at only ten per cent of its capacity - the rest is overhead for the operating system-dd- -anonymous . thoughts on programming, number 19: we stand at the brink of a new age, an age made possible by the revolution that is embodied in the computer-dd- standing on the brink, we could totter either way - to a golden age of liberty or a dark age of tyranny, either of which would surpass anything the world has ever known-dd- perhaps no individual's efforts will make any difference in the result, but we must never cease trying, for then the result is sure to be tyranny-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 20: a ship on the beach is a lighthouse to the sea-dd- -dutch proverb . thoughts on programming, number 21: the programmed computer has all the fascination of the pinball machine or the jukebox mechanism, carried to the ultimate-dd- -the mythical man-month frederick p-dd- brooks, jr-dd- . thoughts on programming, number 22: the programmer, like the poet, works only slightly removed from pure thought-stuff-dd- -the mythical man-month frederick p-dd- brooks, jr-dd- . thoughts on programming, number 23: designing grand concepts is fun; finding nitty little bugs is just work-dd- -the mythical man-month frederick p-dd- brooks, jr-dd- . thoughts on programming, number 24: as soon as one freezes a design, it becomes obsolete in terms of its concepts-dd- -the mythical man-month frederick p-dd- brooks, jr-dd- . thoughts on programming, number 25: good cooking takes time-dd- if you are made to wait, it is to serve you better, and to please you-dd- -menu of restaurant antoine, new orleans . thoughts on programming, number 26: all programmers are optimists-dd- -the mythical man-month frederick p-dd- brooks, jr-dd- . thoughts on programming, number 27: this time it will surely run-dd- -anonymous i just found the last bug-dd- -unanimous . thoughts on programming, number 28: a large programming effort -dd--dd--dd- consists of many tasks, some chained end-to-end-dd- the probability that each will go well becomes vanishingly small-dd- -the mythical man-month frederick p-dd- brooks, jr-dd- . thoughts on programming, number 29: cost does indeed vary as the product of the number of men and the number of months-dd- progress does not-dd- hence the man-month as a unit for measuring the size of a job is a dangerous and deceptive myth-dd- -the mythical man-month frederick p-dd- brooks, jr-dd- . thoughts on programming, number 30: the bearing of a child takes nine months, no matter how many women are assigned-dd- -the mythical man-month frederick p-dd- brooks, jr-dd- . thoughts on programming, number 31: when everything has been seen to work, all integrated, you have four more months work to do-dd- -charles portman international computers limited . thoughts on programming, number 32: observe that for the programmer, as for the chef, the urgency of the patron may govern the scheduled completion of the task, but it cannot govern the actual completion-dd- -the mythical man-month frederick p-dd- brooks, jr-dd- . thoughts on programming, number 33: brooks law: adding manpower to a late software project makes it later-dd- -the mythical man-month frederick p-dd- brooks, jr-dd- . thoughts on programming, number 34: the sheer number of minds to be coordinated affects the cost of the effort-dd- -the mythical man-month frederick p-dd- brooks, jr-dd- . thoughts on programming, number 35: conceptual integrity is the most important consideration in system design-dd- -the mythical man-month frederick p-dd- brooks, jr-dd- . thoughts on programming, number 36: the purpose of a programming system is to make a computer easy to use-dd- -the mythical man-month frederick p-dd- brooks, jr-dd- . thoughts on programming, number 37: neither function alone nor simplicity alone defines a good design-dd- -the mythical man-month frederick p-dd- brooks, jr-dd- . thoughts on programming, number 38: add little to little and there will be a big pile-dd- -ovid . thoughts on programming, number 39: he'll sit here and he'll say, 'do this-xx- do that-xx-' and nothing will happen-dd- - harry s truman . thoughts on programming, number 40: never go to sea with two chronometers; take one or three-dd- -anonymous . thoughts on programming, number 41: i know it-dd- i know what needs to be done - but every time i try to tackle a technical problem some bloody fool wants me to make a decision about trucks - or telephones - or some damn thing-dd- -robert heinlein the man who sold the moon . thoughts on programming, number 42: the problem was that everybody who was working there, including myself, wanted to do really neat stuff but they didn't want neat stuff, they just wanted a lot of stuff fast-dd- -rick baker, make-up artist for king kong, star wars, et-dd- al-dd- . thoughts on programming, number 43: the generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance-dd- -robert r-dd- coveyou oak ridge national laboratory . thoughts on programming, number 44: it's redundant-xx- it's redundant-xx- -r-dd- e-dd- dundant . thoughts on programming, number 45: i don't know any reason why we couldn't do it, but maybe we can think of one-dd- -mark c-dd- davison . thoughts on programming, number 46: bug-qq- that's not a bug, that's a feature-dd- -t-dd- john wendel . thoughts on programming, number 47: the computer 'doth make fools of us all'-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 48: any fool without the ability to share a laugh on himself will be unable to tolerate programming for long-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 49: the programmer's national anthem is 'aaaaaaaagggggggghhhhhhhh'-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 50: when we finally see the light, we see how once again we have fallen into some foolish assumption, some oafish practice, or some witless blunder-dd- -the psychology of computer programming, gerald m-dd- weinberg . thoughts on programming, number 51: the computer always has an excuse: the programmer never does-dd- -mark c-dd- davison . thoughts on programming, number 52: the user does not know what he wants until he sees what he gets-dd- -ed yourdon . thoughts on programming, number 53: completely compatible - things that work together with less than $1000 of interfaces and less than 100 man-hours of software patches-dd- -datamazing, 4/1/78 . thoughts on programming, number 54: stack manipulation - the use of inflatable falsies-dd- -datamazing, 4/1/78 . thoughts on programming, number 55: design of both hardware and software must be considered when doing the system design-dd- -proceedings of the ieee, 2/78, p-dd-167 . thoughts on programming, number 56: the job cannot be done right unless the necessary tools are available-dd- -proceedings of the ieee, 2/78, p-dd-174 . thoughts on programming, number 57: i hear and i forget-dd- i see and i remember-dd- i do and i understand-dd- -confucius . thoughts on programming, number 58: on a clear disk you can seek forever-dd- -computerworld button . thoughts on programming, number 59: i write all my critical routines in assembler, and my comedy routines in fortran-dd- -anonymous . thoughts on programming, number 60: it is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious-dd- -edsel murphy, dec-dd- . thoughts on programming, number 61: it seems intuitively clear that the existence of an error in a program will not be reflected in the test result unless the program component in error is executed during the test-dd- -j-dd-c-dd- huang, program instrumentation . q's law: no matter what stage of completion one reaches in a north sea oil project, the cost of the remainder of the project remains the same-dd- . radar's fundamental truth: the grass is brown on both sides of the fence-dd- . sander's rumination: life is a game, the object of which is to discover the object of the game-dd- . segal's law: a man with one watch knows what time it is-dd- a man with two watches is never sure-dd- . the law of selective gravity: an object will fall so as to do the most damage-dd- . jenning's corollary: the chance of the bread falling with the buttered side down is directly proportional to the cost of the carpet-dd- . skinner's constant (flanagan's finagling factor): that quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to, or subtracted from the answer you get, gives the answer you should have gotten-dd- . snafu equation no-dd- 6: badness comes in waves-dd- . the unspeakable law: as soon as you mention something -dd--dd--dd- - if it's good, it goes away-dd- - if it's bad, it happens-dd- . watson's injunction: think-xx- . wohl's riddle: q-dd- what is so rare as a day in june-qq- a-dd- a day in february, which is 6-dd-7% more rare; except in leap year when it is still 3-dd-3% more rare-dd- -- r-dd- wohl . the law of xerox: anything important loses its value soon after being xeroxed-dd- . zymurgy's first law of evolving systems dynamics: once you open a can of worms, the only way to recan them is to use a larger can-dd- . cole's law: thinly sliced cabbage-dd- . schwartz says: playing games leads to mastery-xx- . rob's retort the insult of an enemy is better then the flattery of a friend-dd- . jones' law: the man who can smile when things go wrong-dd--dd--dd- has thought of someone he can blame it on-dd- . weinberg's law: if builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization-dd- . rb's five-thumb postulate: experience varies directly with the equipment ruined-dd- . the james-watt-oriented observation: beauty is only skin-deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone-dd- . the illiterati programus canto 1: a program is a lot like a nose - sometimes it runs and sometimes it blows-dd- . lafayette's reprisal: the squeaky wheel gets replaced-dd- . the illiterati programus introduction: to get the job you really want, you must: 1-dd- make a business case against it-dd- 2-dd- use irrefutable arguments against it-dd- you will then be put in charge of it-dd- . the turing test: a sort of love boat for machines-dd- if you survive a week of it, you pass-dd- . advanced systems news letter the nail that sticks up gets hammered down-dd- --anonymous . fallibility: fallible men design fallible computers-dd- a computer program does what you tell it to do, not what you want it to do-dd- . rules of pratt: #1 if a severe problem manifests itself, no solution is acceptable unless it is involved, expensive, and time consuming . rules of pratt: #2 sufficient monies to do the job correctly the first time are not available, however, ample funds are much easier obtained for repeated revisions-dd- . grosch's law: #1 computing power increases as the square of the cost increases, if you want to do it twice as cheap you have to do it four times as fast-dd- . grosch's law: #2 twenty percent of the components account for eighty percent of the cost, and so forth-dd- . troutman's programming law: #1 if a test installation function's perfectly, all subsequent systems will malfunction-dd- . troutman's programming law: #2 not until a program has been in production for at least six months will the most harmful error then be discovered-dd- . troutman's programming law: #3 job control cards that cannot be arranged in improper order will be . troutman's programming law: #4 interchangeable tapes won't . troutman's programming law: #5 if the input editor has been designed to reject all bad input, an ingenious idiot will discover a method to get bad data past it-dd- . troutman's programming law: #6 machines work, people should think-dd- . golub's laws of computerdom: #1 a carelessly planned project takes three times longer to complete than expected; a carefully planned project will take only twice as long-dd- . golub's laws of computerdom: #2 the effort required to correct the error increases geometrically with time-dd- . golub's laws of computerdom: #3 project teams detest weekly progress reporting because it so vividly manifests their lack of progress-dd- . hunts law of suspense: if any work has a suspense date on it, that work will be completed as close to the suspense date as possible regardless of how far in advance it was programmed-dd- . grace's words: what ever happened to "manage machine, lead people" . computers vs people: one good reason why computers can do more work than people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone-dd- . the programmer's nemesis: experts theorize that through evolution and inbreeding, programmers may become a distinct subspecies of the human race-dd- . a law for the future: if it's not in a computer, it doesn't exist-dd- . hogan's homily: we won't have personal computing until we can get them little and talking-dd- . wain's conclusion: the only people making money these days are the ones who sell computer paper-dd- . computer axiom: #1 when putting it into memory, remember where you put it-dd- . law of cybernetic entomology: there's always one more bug-dd- . landau's programming paradox: #1 the best programmer has to be someone . landau's programming paradox: #2 the more humanlike a computer becomes the less time it spends computing and the more time it spends doing more humanlike work-dd- . landau's programming paradox: #3 a software committee of one is limited by its own horizon and will only specify that far-dd- . extended epstein-heisenberg principle: - in a program atmosphere, only two of the three existing measurements can be measured simultaneously-dd- the measurements are program, time, and resource ($)-dd- - if one knows what the task is, and there is a time limit allowed for the completion of the task, then one cannot guess how much it will cost - if the time and resource ($) are clearly defined, then it is impossible to know what part of the program will be performed-dd- - if you are given a clearly defined program goal and a definite amount of money which has been calculated to be necessary for the completion of the task, one cannot predict if and when the goal will be reached-dd- - if one is lucky enough and can accurately define all three measurements, then what one deals with is not in the realm of programming-dd- . gallois's revelation: if you put tomfoolery in a computer nothing comes out but tomfoolery-dd- but this tomfoolery, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow enobled and none dare criticize it-dd- . mcgowan's madison avenue axiom: if an item is advertised as "under $50", you can bet it's not $19-dd-95-dd- . van roy's law: an unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys-dd- . how long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on-dd- . underlying principle of socio-genetics: superiority is recessive-dd- . don't worry over what other people are thinking about you-dd- they're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them-dd- . ducharm's axiom: if you view your problem closely enough you will recognize yourself as part of the problem-dd- . a law of computer programming: make it possible for programmers to write in english and you will find the programmers cannot write in english-dd- . turnaucka's law: the attention span of a computer is only as long as its electrical cord-dd- . one good reason why computers can do more work than people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone-dd- . bradley's bromide: if computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee -- that will do them in-dd- . at the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer-dd- . if you put garbage in a computer nothing comes out but garbage-dd- but this garbage, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow enobled and none dare criticize it-dd- . old programmers never die-dd- they just branch to a new address-dd- . the past always looks better than it was-dd- it's only pleasant because it isn't here-dd- -- finley peter dunne (mr-dd- dooley) . military intelligence is a contradiction in terms-dd- -- groucho marx . military justice is to justice what military music is to music-dd- -- groucho marx . eggheads unite-xx- you have nothing to lose but your yolks-dd- -- adlai stevenson . a university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students-dd- -- john ciardi . the iq of the group is the lowest iq of a member of the group divided by the number of people in the group-dd- . imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality-dd- -- jules de gaultier . ingrate: a man who bites the hand that feeds him, and then complains of indigestion-dd- . justice: a decision in your favor-dd- . kin: an affliction of the blood . lie: a very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one discovered to date-dd- . love at first sight is one of the greatest labor-saving devices the world has ever seen-dd- . lunatic asylum: the place where optimism most flourishes-dd- . majority: that quality that distinguishes a crime from a law-dd- . man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to-dd- -- mark twain . man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason-dd- -- oscar wilde . menu: a list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of . "the way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start with a large fortune-dd-" . noncombatant: a dead quaker-dd- -- ambrose bierce . the law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich, as well as the poor, to sleep under the bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread-dd- -- anatole france . bliss is ignorance . god is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh . predestination was doomed from the start-dd- . duct tape is like the force-dd- it has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together-dd--dd--dd- -- carl zwanzig . xerox does it again and again and again and -dd--dd--dd- . never call a man a fool; borrow from him-dd- . misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate-dd- . love is sentimental measles-dd- . life is like an onion: you peel off layer after layer, then you find there is nothing in it-dd- . if you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you really make them think they'll hate you-dd- . i never fail to convince an audience that the best thing they could do was to go away-dd- . if we do not change our direction we are likely to end up where we are headed-dd- . "all my friends and i are crazy-dd- that's the only thing that keeps us sane-dd-" . "if you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is make the rubble bounce" -- winston churchill . but scientists, who ought to know assure us that it must be so-dd- oh, let us never, never doubt what nobody is sure about-dd- -- hilaire belloc . hello dr-dd- falken-dd- would you like to play global thermo-nuclear war-qq- . real programmers don't write specs -- users should consider themselves lucky to get any programs at all and take what they get-dd- . real programmers don't comment their code-dd- if it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand-dd- . real programmers don't write application programs; they program right down on the bare metal-dd- application programming is for feebs who can't do systems programming-dd- . real programmers don't eat quiche-dd- in fact, real programmers don't know how to spell quiche-dd- they eat twinkies, and szechwan food-dd- . real programmers don't write in cobol-dd- cobol is for wimpy applications programmers-dd- . real programmers' programs never work right the first time-dd- but if you throw them on the machine they can be patched into working in "only a few" 30-hour debugging sessions-dd- . real programmers don't write in fortran-dd- fortran is for pipe stress freaks and crystallography weenies-dd- . real programmers never work 9 to 5-dd- if any real programmers are around a 9 am, it's because they were up all night-dd- . real programmers don't write in basic-dd- actually, no programmers write in basic after the age of 12-dd- . real programmers don't write in pl/i-dd- pl/i is for programmers who can't decide whether to write in cobol or fortran-dd- . real programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires you to changer clothes-dd- mountain climbing is ok, and real programmers wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly spring up in the middle of the machine room-dd- . real programmers don't document-dd- documentation is for simps who can't read the listings or the object deck-dd- . real programmers don't write in pascal, or bliss, or ada, or any of those pinko computer science languages-dd- strong typing is for people with weak memories-dd- . the secret to success is sincerity-dd- once you learn to fake that you have it made-dd- . never let your child play with a loaded carp-dd- . the answer is 42-dd- -deep thought . i don't do booze, it dulls the drugs-dd- . lsd consumes 47 times its weight in excess reality-dd- . i'm not as think as you stoned i am-dd- . computers are infalllible-dd- . the three laws of thermodynamics: the first law: you can't get anything without working for it-dd- the second law: the most you can accomplish by working is to break even-dd- the third law: you can only break even at absolute zero-dd- . famous last words: 1) "don't worry, i can handle it-dd-" 2) "you and what army-qq-" 3) "if you were as smart as you think you are, you wouldn't be a cop-dd-" . our os who art in cpu, unix be thy name-dd- thy programs run, thy syscalls done, in kernel as it is in user-xx- . nothing is faster than the speed of light-dd--dd--dd- to prove this to yourself, try opening the refrigerator door before the light comes on-dd- . q: how many heterosexual males does it take to screw in a light bulb in san francisco-qq- a: both of them-dd- . san francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was-dd- . insanity is hereditary-dd- you get it from your kids-dd- . anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no government at all-dd- . do molecular biologists wear designer genes-qq- . whenever the literary german dives into a sentence, that is the last you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his atlantic with his verb in his mouth-dd- -- mark twain . "now is the time for all good men to come to-dd-" -- walt kelly . laetrile is the pits . got mole problems-qq- call avogardo 6-dd-02 x 10^23 . there's no future in time travel . vitamin c deficiency is apauling . time flies like an arrow fruit flies like a banana . science is what happens when preconception meets verification-dd- . electrical engineers do it with less resistance-dd- . "really -qq--qq- what a coincidence, i'm shallow too-xx--xx-" . but in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed, analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses-dd- -- bruce leverett "register allocation in optimizing compilers" . psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill-dd- check three friends-dd- if they're ok, you're it-dd- . user n-dd-: a programmer who will believe anything you tell him-dd- . worst month of the year: february-dd- february has only 28 days in it, which means that if you rent an apartment, you are paying for three full days you don't get-dd- try to avoid februarys whenever possible-dd- . worst vegetable of the year: the brussels sprout-dd- this is also the worst vegetable of next year-dd- . worst month of 1981 for downhill skiing: january-dd- the lines are the shortest, though-dd- . there once was a girl named irene who lived on distilled kerosene but she started absorbin' a new hydrocarbon and since then has never benzene-dd- . genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped-dd- -- elbert hubbard . computer programmers do it byte by byte . "i know not with what weapons world war iii will be fought, but world war iv will be fought with sticks and stones-dd-" -- albert einstein . no one can make you feel inferior without your consent-dd- -- eleanor roosevelt . i must have slipped a disk -- my pack hurts . what is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do-dd- . this login session: $13-dd-99, but for you $11-dd-88 . "i just need enough to tide me over until i need more-dd-" -- bill hoest . q: how many oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb-qq- a: three-dd- one to screw in the lightbulb and two to fend off all those californians trying to share the experience-dd- . now and then an innocent person is sent to the legislature-dd- . she missed an invaluable opportunity to give him a look that you could have poured on a waffle-dd- . he looked at me as if i was a side dish he hadn't ordered-dd- . people will buy anything that's one to a customer-dd- . it was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead-dd- . how wonderful opera would be if there were no singers-dd- . the new congressmen say they're going to turn the government around-dd- i hope i don't get run over again-dd- . what garlic is to salad, insanity is to art-dd- . do not take life too seriously; you will never get out if it alive-dd- . forgetfulness: a gift of god bestowed upon debtors in compensation for their destitution of conscience-dd- . absentee: a person with an income who has had the forethought to remove himself from the sphere of exaction-dd- . you will be surprised by a loud noise-dd- . as of next week, passwords will be entered in morse code-dd- . "in short, _n is richardian if, and only if, _n is not richardian-dd-" . president reagan has noted that there are too many economic pundits and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax-dd- . absent: exposed to the attacks of friends and acquaintances; defamed; slandered-dd- . brain, v-dd-: [as in "to brain"] to rebuke bluntly, but not pointedly; to dispel a source of error in an opponent-dd- . truthful: dumb and illiterate-dd- . a computer, to print out a fact, will divide, multiply, and subtract-dd- but this output can be no more than debris, if the input was short of exact-dd- -- gigo . corrupt: in politics, holding an office of trust or profit-dd- . nature and nature's laws lay hid in night, god said, "let newton be," and all was light-dd- it did not last; the devil howling "ho-xx- let einstein be-xx-" restored the status quo-dd- . razors pain you; rivers are damp; acids stain you; and drugs cause cramp-dd- guns aren't lawful; nooses give; gas smells awful; you might as well live-dd- -- dorothy parker . whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time to reform-dd- -- mark twain . there cannot be a crisis next week-dd- my schedule is already full-dd- -- henry kissinger . whenever people agree with me i always feel i must be wrong-dd- --oscar wilde . the only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it-dd- -- oscar wilde . about the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends-dd- -- herbert hoover . there is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about-dd- -- oscar wilde . the sun was shining on the sea, shining with all his might: he did his very best to make the billows smooth and bright -- and this was very odd, because it was the middle of the night-dd- -- lewis carroll . it's not that i'm afraid to die-dd- i just don't want to be there when it happens-dd- -- woody allen-dd- . the typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation-dd- -- oscar wilde . i can't complain, but sometimes i still do-dd- -- joe walsh . 43rd law of computing: anything that can go wr fortune: segmentation violation -- core dumped . never try to outstubborn a cat-dd- -- lazarus long . flash-xx- intelligence of mankind decreasing-dd- details at -dd--dd--dd- uh, when the little hand is on the -dd--dd--dd--dd- . only god can make random selections-dd- . space is big-dd- you just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind- bogglingly big it is-dd- i mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the drug store, but that's just peanuts to space-dd- -- "the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy" . limericks are art forms complex, their topics run chiefly to sex-dd- they usually have virgins, and masculine urgin's, and other erotic effects-dd- . kinkler's first law: responsibility always exceeds authority-dd- kinkler's second law: all the easy problems have been solved-dd- . "why be a man when you can be a success-qq-" -- bertold brecht . "matrimony isn't a word, it's a sentence-dd-" . how many zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb-qq- none-dd- the universe spines the bulb, and the zen master stays out of the way-dd- . university: like a software house, except the software's free, and it's usable, and it works, and if it breaks they'll quickly tell you how to fix it, and -dd--dd--dd- . how many hardware engineers does it take to change a lightbulb-qq- none: "we'll fix it in software-dd-" . how many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb-qq- none: "we'll document it in the manual-dd-" . how many tech writers does it take to change a lightbulb-qq- none: "the user can work it out-dd-" . god made the idiot for practice, and then he made the school board -- mark twain . be wary of strong drink-dd- it can make you shoot at tax collectors and miss . bride: a woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her-dd- . the pig, if i am not mistaken, gives us ham and pork and bacon-dd- let others think his heart is big, i think it stupid of the pig-dd- . i think that i shall never see a billboard lovely as a tree-dd- perhaps, unless the billboards fall i'll never see a tree at all-dd- . bizarreness is the essence of the exotic . today is the first day of the rest of the mess . today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday . just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you-dd- . paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life-dd- . take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting enough cheese . whether you can hear it or not the universe is laughing behind your back . go 'way-xx- you're bothering me-xx- . put your nose to the grindstone-xx- -- amalgamated plastic surgeons and toolmakers, ltd-dd- . chicken soup: an ancient miracle drug containing equal parts of aureomycin, cocaine, interferon, and tlc-dd- the only ailment chicken soup can't cure is neurotic dependence on one's mother-dd- -- arthur naiman . one of the oldest problems puzzled over in the talmud is: "why did god create goyim-qq-" the generally accepted answer is "_s_o_m_e_b_o_d_y has to buy retail-dd-" -- arthur naiman . "i am not an economist-dd- i am an honest man-xx-" -- paul mccracken . dying is a very dull, dreary affair-dd- and my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it-dd- -- w-dd- somerset maughm . good-bye-dd- i am leaving because i am bored-dd- -- george saunders' dying words . die-qq- i should say not, dear fellow-dd- no barrymore would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him-dd- -- john barrymore's dying words . every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits-dd- . it is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one-dd- . if you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some-dd- . everyting should be built top-down, except the first time-dd- . every program has (at least) two purposes: the one for which it was written and another for which it wasn't-dd- . if a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up-dd- . optimization hinders evolution-dd- . a language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing-dd- . everyone can be taught to sculpt: michelangelo would have had to be taught how _n_o_t to-dd- so it is with the great programmers-dd- . never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together-dd- . never call a man a fool-dd- borrow from him-dd- . mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure-dd- . a truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn-dd- . stop searching-dd- happiness is right next to you-dd- . stop searching-dd- happiness is right next to you-dd- now, if they'd only take a bath-dd--dd--dd- . "he was so narrow minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes-dd--dd--dd-" . it seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag-dd- . why did the lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to avoid responsibility with-qq- . shift to the left-xx- shift to the right-xx- pop up, push down, byte, byte, byte-xx- . the average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think-dd- . "if god lived on earth, people would knock out all his windows-dd-" -- yiddish saying . waiter: "tea or coffee, gentlemen-qq-" 1st customer: "i'll have tea-dd-" 2nd customer: "me, too -- and be sure the glass is clean-xx-" (waiter exits, returns) waiter: "two teas-dd- which one asked for the clean glass-qq-" . the men sat sipping their tea in silence-dd- after a while the klutz said, "life is like a bowl of sour cream-dd-" "like a bowl of sour cream-qq-" asked the other-dd- "why-qq-" "how should i know-qq- what am i, a philosopher-qq-" . horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people-dd- -- w-dd- c-dd- fields . there is something fascinating about science-dd- one gets such wholesale returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact-dd- -- mark twain . this will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it-dd- . afternoon very favorable for romance-dd- try a single person for a change-dd- . beware of low-flying butterflies-dd- . green light in a-dd-m-dd- for new projects-dd- red light in p-dd-m-dd- for traffic tickets-dd- . artistic ventures highlighted-dd- rob a museum-dd- . keep emotionally active-dd- cater to your favorite neurosis-dd- . your analyst has you mixed up with another patient-dd- don't believe a thing he tells you-dd- . do not drink coffee in early a-dd-m-dd- it will keep you awake until noon-dd- . you may be recognized soon-dd- hide-dd- . you have the capacity to learn from mistakes-dd- you'll learn a lot today-dd- . good day for overcoming obstacles-dd- try a steeplechase-dd- . day of inquiry-dd- you will be subpoenaed-dd- . you could get a new lease on life -- if only you didn't need the first and last month in advance-dd- . surprise your boss-dd- get to work on time-dd- . you're being followed-dd- cut out the hanky-panky for a few days-dd- . don't kiss an elephant on the lips today-dd- . future looks spotty-dd- you will spill soup in late evening-dd- . don't feed the bats tonight-dd- . stay away from flying saucers today-dd- . you've been leading a dog's life-dd- stay off the furniture-dd- . do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight-dd- . help a swallow land at capistrano-dd- . succumb to natural tendencies-dd- be hateful and boring-dd- . half moon tonight-dd- (at least its better than no moon at all-dd-) . another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree-dd- . message will arrive in the mail-dd- destroy, before the fbi sees it-dd- . do what comes naturally now-dd- seethe and fume and throw a tantrum-dd- . perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things-dd- . be free and open and breezy-xx- enjoy-xx- things won't get any better so get used to it-dd- . truth will be out this morning-dd- (which may really mess things up-dd-) . travel important today; internal revenue men arrive tomorrow-dd- . good day for a change of scene-dd- repaper the bedroom wall-dd- . you can create your own opportunities this week-dd- blackmail a senior executive-dd- . fine day to throw a party-dd- throw him as far as you can-dd- . good news-dd- ten weeks from friday will be a pretty good day-dd- . think of your family tonight-dd- try to crawl home after the computer crashes-dd- . show respect for age-dd- drink good scotch for a change-dd- . give thought to your reputation-dd- consider changing name and moving to a new town-dd- . if you think last tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow-xx- . excellent day to have a rotten day-dd- . you worry too much about your job-dd- stop it-dd- you are not paid enough to worry-dd- . don't tell any big lies today-dd- small ones can be just as effective-dd- . others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails-dd- . tonight's the night: sleep in a eucalyptus tree-dd- . a professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep-dd- . cynic: a blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as they ought to be-dd- hence the custom among the scythians of plucking out a cynic's eyes to improve his vision-dd- . happiness: an agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of another-dd- . our country has plenty of good five-cent cigars, but the trouble is they charge fifteen cents for them-dd- . question: man invented alcohol, god invented grass-dd- who do you trust-qq- . the brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school-dd- . you cannot kill time without injuring eternity-dd- . enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which otherwise require harder thinking-dd- -- jerome lettvin . ten years of rejection slips is nature's way of telling you to stop writing-dd- -- r-dd- geis . paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems-dd- it's easy to criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too-dd- -- d-dd- j-dd- hicks . what use is magic if it can't save a unicorn-qq- -- peter s-dd- beagle . if at first you don't succeed, give up, no use being a damn fool-dd- . according to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are totally worthless-dd- . wasting time is an important part of living-dd- . due to a shortage of devoted followers, the production of great leaders has been discontinued-dd- . i'm prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday life-dd- . excellent day for drinking heavily-dd- spike office water cooler-dd- . excellent time to become a missing person-dd- . a day for firm decisions-xx--xx--xx--xx--xx- or is it-qq- . fine day to work off excess energy-dd- steal something heavy-dd- . spend extra time on hobby-dd- get plenty of rolling papers-dd- . things will be bright in p-dd-m-dd- a cop will shine a light in your face-dd- . good day to avoid cops-dd- crawl to school-dd- . screw up your courage-xx- you've screwed up everything else-dd- . don't believe everything you hear or anything you say-dd- . do something unusual today-dd- pay a bill-dd- . you will be a winner today-dd- pick a fight with a four-year-old-dd- . troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live in eucalyptus trees-dd- . surprise due today-dd- also the rent-dd- . avoid reality at all costs-dd- . good day to let down old friends who need help-dd- . next friday will not be your lucky day-dd- as a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year-dd- . you are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash-dd- . what the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket-dd- . don't go surfing in south dakota for a while-dd- . celebrate hannibal day this year-dd- take an elephant to lunch-dd- . stay away from hurricanes for a while-dd- . a chubby man with a white beard and a red suit will approach you soon-dd- avoid him-dd- he's a commie-dd- . i really hate this damned machine i wish that they would sell it-dd- it never does quite what i want but only what i tell it-dd- . caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health-dd- . remember, even if you win the rat race -- you're still a rat-dd- . nihilism should commence with oneself-dd- . vote anarchist . i'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous-dd- . nudists are people who wear one-button suits-dd- . tomorrow will be canceled due to lack of interest-dd- . old soldiers never die-dd- young ones do-dd- . ufo's are for real: the air force doesn't exist-dd- . in case of atomic attack, the federal ruling against prayer in schools will be temporarily canceled-dd- . drive defensively-dd- buy a tank-dd- . alexander graham bell is alive and well in new york, and still waiting for a dial tone-dd- . the meek shall inherit the earth -- they are too weak to refuse-dd- . condense soup, not books-xx- . the world is coming to an end-xx- repent and return those library books-xx- . philadelphia is not dull -- it just seems so because it is next to exciting delaware, new jersy-dd- (home of barry fletcher-xx-) . never be led astray onto the path of virtue-dd- . give your child mental blocks for christmas-dd- . mickey mouse wears a spiro agnew watch-dd- . minnie mouse is a slow maze learner-dd- . don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon-dd- . keep america beautiful-dd- swallow your beer cans-dd- . what this country needs is a good five cent anything-xx- . hire the morally handicapped-dd- . i can resist anything but temptation-dd- . modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings-dd- . don't knock president fillmore-dd- he kept us out of vietnam-dd- . earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail your friends-dd- . keep grandma off the streets -- legalize bingo-dd- . reporter (to mahatma gandhi): mr gandhi, what do you think of western civilization-qq- gandhi: i think it would be a good idea-dd- . xerox never comes up with anything original-dd- . acid -- better living through chemistry-dd- . "all flesh is grass" -- isaiah smoke a friend today-dd- . "you'll never be the man your mother was-xx-" . george orwell was an optimist-dd- . chicken little was right-dd- . "qvid me anxivs svm-qq-" . gravity is a myth, the earth sucks-dd- . nostalgia isn't what it used to be-dd- . cleveland still lives-dd- god _m_u_s_t be dead-dd- . don't cook tonight -- starve a rat today-xx- . they're only trying to make me look paranoid-xx- . hail to the sun god he sure is a fun god ra-xx- ra-xx- ra-xx- . brain fried -- core dumped . remember, unix spelled backwards is xinu-dd- . time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once-dd- . if god had wanted you to go around nude, he would have given you bigger hands-dd- . what this country needs is a good five-cent nickel-dd- . losing your drivers' license is just god's way of saying "booga, booga-xx-" . a closed mouth gathers no foot-dd- . a diva who specializes in risqu'e arias is an off-coloratura soprano-dd--dd--dd- . q: how many ibm cpu's does it take to do a logical right shift-qq- a: 33-dd- 1 to hold the bits and 32 to push the register-dd- . violence is the last refuge of the incompetent-dd- -- salvor hardin . "who cares if it doesn't do anything-qq- it was made with our new triple-iso-bifurcated-krypton-gate-mos process-dd--dd--dd-" . "there are three possibilities: pioneer's solar panel has turned away >from the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; or someone loaded star trek 3-dd-2 into our video processor-dd-" . if time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same-qq- . ban the bomb-dd- save the world for conventional warfare-dd- . death is nature's way of telling you to slow down . down with categorical imperative-xx- . earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail your friends . life is a yo-yo, and mankind ties knots in the string-dd- . things are more like they used to be than they are now-dd- . hummingbirds never remember the words to songs-dd- . lysistrata had a good idea-dd- . reality is an obstacle to hallucination-dd- . paul revere was a tattle-tale . familiarity breeds attempt . coronation: the ceremony of investing a sovereign with the outward and visible signs of his divine right to be blown skyhigh with a dynamite bomb-dd- . coward: one who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs-dd- . idiot: a member of a large and powerful tribe whose influence in human affairs has always been dominant and controlling-dd- . honorable: afflicted with an impediment in one's reach-dd- in legislative bodies, it is customary to mention all members as honorable; as, "the honorable gentleman is a scurvy cur-dd-" . year: a period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments-dd- . god did not create the world in 7 days; he screwed around for 6 days and then pulled an all-nighter-dd- . god is a polythiest . god isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking place-dd- . if god is perfect, why did he create discontinuous functions-qq- . "and what will you do when you grow up to be as big as me-qq-" asked the father of his little son-dd- "diet-dd-" . admiration: our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves-dd- . death: to stop sinning suddenly-dd- . "might as well be frank, monsieur-dd- it would take a miracle to get you out of casablanca and the germans have outlawed miracles-dd-" . slang is language that takes off its coat, spits on its hands, and goes to work-dd- . "that must be wonderful-xx- i don't understand it at all-dd-" . the chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up at the steam fitters' picnic-dd- . as far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality-dd- -- albert einstein . death is life's way of telling you you've been fired-dd- -- r-dd- geis . "contrariwise," continued tweedledee, "if it was so, it might be, and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't-dd- that's logic-xx-" -- lewis carroll . it is the business of the future to be dangerous-dd- -- hawkwind . the earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier-dd- . there was a young poet named dan, whose poetry never would scan-dd- when told this was so, he said, "yes, i know-dd- it's because i try to put every possible syllable into that last line that i can-dd-" . a limerick packs laughs anatomical into space that is quite economical-dd- but the good ones i've seen so seldom are clean, and the clean ones so seldom are comical-dd- . "we don't care-dd- we don't have to-dd- we're the phone company-dd-" . "here at the phone company, we serve all kinds of people; from presidents and kings to the scum of the earth-dd--dd--dd-" . "why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet-qq-" -- lily tomlin . god is not dead-xx- he's alive and autographing bibles at cody's . "if i had only known, i would have been a locksmith-dd-" -- albert einstein . if someone had told me i would be pope one day, i would have studied harder-dd- -- pope john paul i . there's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as i learn what it is i'll get married again-dd- -- clint eastwood . flappity, floppity, flip the mouse on the m"obius strip; the strip revolved, the mouse dissolved in a chronodimensional skip-dd- . -dd--dd--dd-and malt does more than milton can to justify god's ways to man -- a-dd- e-dd- housman . where can the matter be oh, dear, where can the matter be when it's converted to energy-qq- there is a slight loss of parity-dd- johnny's so long at the fair-dd- . ibm had a pl/i, its syntax worse than joss; and everywhere this language went, it was a total loss-dd- . system/3-xx- system/3-xx- see how it runs-xx- see how it runs-xx- its monitor loses so totally-xx- it runs all its programs in rpg-xx- it's made by our favorite monopoly-xx- system/3-xx- . as i was passing project mac, i met a quux with seven hacks-dd- every hack had seven bugs; every bug had seven manifestations; every manifestation had seven symptoms-dd- symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks, how many losses at project mac-qq- . reclaimer, spare that tree-xx- take not a single bit-xx- it used to point to me, now i'm protecting it-dd- it was the reader's cons that made it, paired by dot; now, gc, for the nonce, thou shalt reclaim it not-dd- . 99 blocks of crud on the disk, 99 blocks of crud-xx- you patch a bug, and dump it again: 100 blocks of crud on the disk-xx- 100 blocks of crud on the disk, 100 blocks of crud-xx- you patch a bug, and dump it again: 101 blocks of crud on the disk-xx--dd--dd--dd- . the golden rule of arts and sciences the one who has the gold makes the rules-dd- . if the odds are a million to one against something occurring, chances are 50-50 it will-dd- . a-dd-a-dd-a-dd-a-dd-a-dd-: an organization for drunks who drive . accident: a condition in which presence of mind is good, but absence of body is better-dd- -- foolish dictionary . accordion: a bagpipe with pleats-dd- . accuracy: the vice of being right . "acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing-dd-" . adolescence: the stage between puberty and adultery-dd- . adult: one old enough to know better-dd- . advertisement: the most truthful part of a newspaper -- thomas jefferson . good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example-dd- -- la rouchefoucauld . afternoon: that part of the day we spend worrying about how we wasted the morning-dd- . alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of them keeps paying for it-dd- -- peggy joyce . ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy-dd- -- charlie mccarthy . america may be unique in being a country which has leapt from barbarism to decadence without touching civilization-dd- -- john o'hara . antonym: the opposite of the word you're trying to think of-dd- . arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes-dd- -- mickey mouse . ass: the masculine of "lass"-dd- . automobile: a four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down pedestrians-dd- . a baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no responsibility at the other-dd- . a bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy who has cheated some woman out of a divorce-dd- -- don quinn . a banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain-dd- -- mark twain . boy: a noise with dirt on it-dd- . broad-mindedness: the result of flattening high-mindedness out-dd- . a budget is just a method of worrying before you spend money, as well as afterward-dd- . california is a fine place to live -- if you happen to be an orange-dd- -- fred allen . a candidate is a person who gets money from the rich and votes from the poor to protect them from each other-dd- . children are natural mimic who act like their parents despite every effort to teach them good manners-dd- . christ: a man who was born at least 5,000 years ahead of his time-dd- . cigarette: a fire at one end, a fool at the other, and a bit of tobacco in between-dd- . a city is a large community where people are lonesome together -- herbert prochnow . "the climate of bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live elsewhere-dd-" . collaboration: a literary partnership based on the false assumption that the other fellow can spell-dd- . conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody is looking -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . conversation: a vocal competition in which the one who is catching his breath is called the listener-dd- . "calvin coolidge was the greatest man who ever came out of plymouth corner, vermont-dd-" -- clarence darrow . the cow is nothing but a machine with makes grass fit for us people to eat-dd- -- john mcnulty . cynic: one who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced eye-dd- . democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few-dd- -- g-dd- b-dd- shaw . democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder aloud what the country could do under first-class management-dd- -- senator soaper . die: to stop sinning suddenly-dd- -- elbert hubbard . diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggy" until you can find a rock-dd- . a diplomat is a man who can convince his wife she'd look stout in a fur coat-dd- . egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature to relieve the pain of being a damned fool-dd- -- bellamy brooks . electrocution: burning at the stake with all the modern improvements-dd- . experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a mistake when you make it again-dd- -- f-dd- p-dd- jones . "it's fabulous-xx- we haven't seen anything like it in the last half an hour-xx-" -- macy's . fairy tale: a horror story to prepare children for the newspapers-dd- . faith is the quality that enables you to eat blackberry jam on a picnic without looking to see whether the seeds move-dd- . fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months-dd- -- oscar wilde . we wish you a hare krishna we wish you a hare krishna we wish you a hare krishna and a sun myung moon-xx- -- maxwell smart . if god had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way-dd- . there was a young lady from hyde who ate a green apple and died-dd- while her lover lamented the apple fermented and made cider inside her inside-dd- . if i traveled to the end of the rainbow as dame fortune did intend, murphy would be there to tell me the pot's at the other end-dd- -- bert whitney . silverman's law: if murphy's law can go wrong, it will-dd- . hindsight is an exact science-dd- . ducharme's precept: opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment-dd- . if you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost-dd- . naeser's law: you can make it foolproof, but you can't make it damnfoolproof-dd- . the third law of photography: if you did manage to get any good shots, they will be ruined when someone inadvertently opens the darkroom door and all of the dark leaks out-dd- . mollison's bureaucracy hypothesis: if an idea can survive a bureaucratic review and be implemented it wasn't worth doing-dd- . conway's law: in any organization there will always be one person who knows what is going on-dd- this person must be fired-dd- . it is easier to get forgiveness than permission-dd- . consultants are mystical people who ask a company for a number and then give it back to them-dd- . there is no time like the present for postponing what you ought to be doing-dd- . important letters which contain no errors will develop errors in the mail-dd- corresponding errors will show up in the duplicate while the boss is reading it-dd- . vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving >from where you left them to where you can't find them-dd- . devries' dilemma: if you hit two keys on the typewriter, the one you don't want hits the paper-dd- . when you do not know what you are doing, do it neatly-dd- . finagle's creed: science is true-dd- don't be misled by facts-dd- . velilind's laws of experimentation: 1-dd- if reproducibility may be a problem, conduct the test only once-dd- 2-dd- if a straight line fit is required, obtain only two data points-dd- . rocky's lemma of innovation prevention unless the results are known in advance, funding agencies will reject the proposal-dd- . steinbach's guideline for systems programming never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle-dd- . when the government bureau's remedies do not match your problem, you modify the problem, not the remedy-dd- . horngren's observation: among economists, the real world is often a special case-dd- . first rule of history: history doesn't repeat itself -- historians merely repeat each other-dd- . hanlon's razor: never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity-dd- . fourth law of applied terror: the night before the english history mid-term, your biology instructor will assign 200 pages on planaria-dd- corollary: every instructor assumes that you have nothing else to do except study for that instructor's course-dd- . fifth law of applied terror: if you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book-dd- corollary: if you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live-dd- . just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he knows what it is-dd- . only adults have difficulty with childproof caps-dd- . anything labeled "new" and/or "improved" isn't-dd- the label means the price went up-dd- the label "all new", "completely new", or "great new" means the price went way up-dd- . re graphics: a picture is worth 10k words -- but only those to describe the picture-dd- hardly any sets of 10k words can be adequately described with pictures-dd- . there are two ways to write error-free programs-dd- only the third one works-dd- . as will rogers would have said, "there is no such things as a free variable-dd-" . the best book on programming for the layman is "alice in wonderland"; but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman-dd- . bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may revitalize the corner saloon-dd- . beware of the turing tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of interest is easy-dd- . a lisp programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing-dd- . it is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa-dd- . in english, every word can be verbed-dd- would that it were so in our programming languages-dd- . in a five year period we can get one superb programming language-dd- only we can't control when the five year period will begin-dd- . is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is meant to be discarded: that the whole point is to always see it as a soap bubble-qq- . a year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in god-dd- . when someone says "i want a programming language in which i need only say what i wish done," give him a lollipop-dd- . dealing with failure is easy: work hard to improve-dd- success is also easy to handle: you've solved the wrong problem-dd- work hard to improve-dd- . one can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means-dd- . think of it-xx- with vlsi we can pack 100 eniacs in 1 sq-dd- cm-dd--xx- . why did the roman empire collapse-qq- what is the latin for office automation-qq- . if there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams-dd- . be different: conform-dd- . save energy: be apathetic-dd- . i have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer-dd- -- kehlog albran . "stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly-dd-" . "it is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle if it is lightly greased-dd-" -- kehlog albran . "arguments with furniture are rarely productive-dd-" -- kehlog albran . "even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral-dd-" -- kehlog albran . there's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes-dd- -- dr-dd- who . "just once, i wish we would encounter an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets" -- the brigader, from dr-dd- who . the national short-sleeved shirt association says: support your right to bare arms-xx- . they also surf who only stand on waves-dd- . signs of crime: screaming or cries for help-dd- -- from the brown security crime prevention pamphlet . in the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble-dd- -- alan perlis . you can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on the continuing viability of fortran-dd- -- alan perlis . a lisp programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing-dd- -- alan perlis . the computing field is always in need of new cliches-dd- -- alan perlis . it is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program-dd- what fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical-qq- -- alan perlis . "please try to limit the amount of `this room doesn't have any bazingas' until you are told that those rooms are `punched out-dd-' once punched out, we have a right to complain about atrocities, missing bazingas, and such-dd-" -- n-dd- meyrowitz . people will buy anything that's one to a customer-dd- . pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt-dd- [confound those who have said our remarks before us-dd-] -- aelius donatus . if god had not given us sticky tape, it would have been necessary to invent it-dd- . it is amusing that a virtue is made of the vice of chastity; and it's a pretty odd sort of chastity at that, which leads men straight into the sin of onan, and girls to the waning of their color-dd- -- voltaire . the superfluous is very necessary-dd- -- voltaire . it is one of the superstitions of the human mind to have imagined that virginity could be a virtue-dd- -- voltaire . i'm very good at integral and differential calculus, i know the scientific names of beings animalculous; in short, in matters vegetable, animal, and mineral, i am the very model of a modern major-general-dd- . oh don't the days seem lank and long when all goes right and none goes wrong, and isn't your life extremely flat with nothing whatever to grumble at-xx- . an englishman never enjoys himself, except for a noble purpose-dd- -- a-dd- p-dd- herbert . old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man-dd- -- trotsky . it is not enough to succeed-dd- others must fail-dd- -- gore vidal . a celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness-dd- . the rain it raineth on the just and also on the unjust fella, but chiefly on the just, because the unjust steals the just's umbrella-dd- . the world's as ugly as sin, and almost as delightful -- frederick locker-lampson . "reflections on ice-breaking" candy is dandy but liquor is quicker-dd- -- ogden nash . maturity is only a short break in adolescence-dd- -- jules feiffer . some people in this department wouldn't recognize subtlety if it hit them on the head-dd- . you cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd-dd- . for every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong-dd- -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . death is god's way of telling you not to be such a wise guy-dd- . research is what i'm doing when i don't know what i'm doing-dd- -- wernher von braun . death is nature's way of recycling human beings-dd- . "grub first, then ethics-dd-" -- bertolt brecht . "i drink to make other people interesting-dd-" -- george jean nathan . "pascal is not a high-level language-dd-" -- steven feiner . e pluribus unix . everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die-dd- . you are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely-dd- . immortality -- a fate worse than death-dd- -- edgar a-dd- shoaff . the trouble with being punctual is that people think you have nothing more important to do-dd- . you can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks-dd- . all i ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own importance-dd- . if only one could get that wonderful feeling of accomplishment without having to accomplish anything-dd- . my opinions may have changed, but not the fact that i am right-dd- . no man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas-dd- . the goal of computer science is to build something that will last at least until we've finished building it-dd- . it's really quite a simple choice: life, death, or los angeles-dd- . everything is controlled by a small evil group to which, unfortunately, no one we know belongs-dd- . all i ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy-dd- . if you can't learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly-dd- . anything is good if it's made of chocolate-dd- . there has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing about-dd- . what makes the universe so hard to comprehend is that there's nothing to compare it with-dd- . it may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others-dd- . to be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and, whatever you hit, call it the target-dd- . if only i could be respected without having to be respectable-dd- . nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it-dd- -- andrew young . the individual choice of garnishment of a burger can be an important point to the consumer in this day when individualism is an increasingly important thing to people-dd- -- donald n-dd- smith, president of burger king . "if you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars-dd-" -- j-dd- paul getty . hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned-dd- -- milton friedman . the cost of living is going up, and the chance of living is going down-dd- . there are really not many jobs that actually require a penis or a vagina, and all other occupations should be open to everyone-dd- -- gloria steinem . we are confronted with insurmountable opportunities-dd- -- pogo . nothing recedes like success-dd- -- walter winchell . i do not fear computers-dd- i fear the lack of them-dd- -- isaac asimov . sometimes i worry about being a success in a mediocre world-dd- -- lily tomlin . tax reform means "don't tax you, don't tax me, tax that fellow behind the tree-dd-" -- russell long . some people are born mediocre, some people achieve mediocrity, and some people have mediocrity thrust upon them-dd- -- joseph heller . yesterday i was a dog-dd- today i'm a dog-dd- tomorrow i'll probably still be a dog-dd- sigh-xx- there's so little hope for advancement-dd- -- snoopy . if you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments-dd- -- earl wilson . the trouble with being poor is that it takes up all your time-dd- . if all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular error-dd- -- john kenneth galbraith . where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will-dd- -- john kenneth galbraith . tv is chewing gum for the eyes-dd- -- frank lloyd wright . he who attacks the fundamentals of the american broadcasting industry attacks democracy itself-dd- -- william s-dd- paley, chairman of cbs . passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life-dd- -- eric hoffer . you couldn't even prove the white house staff sane beyond a reasonable doubt-dd- -- ed meese, on the hinckley verdict . if you think the united states has stood still, who built the largest shopping center in the world-qq- -- richard nixon . if at first you don't succeed, redefine success-dd- . amazing but true-dd--dd--dd- if all the salmon caught in canada in one year were laid end to end across the sahara desert, the smell would be absolutely awful-dd- . amazing but true-dd--dd--dd- there is so much sand in northern africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the sahara desert-dd- . anyone who is capable of getting themselves made president should on no account be allowed to do the job-dd- -- the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy . with a rubber duck, one's never alone-dd- -- the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy . a nuclear war can ruin your whole day-dd- . software -- formal evening attire for female computer analysts-dd- . today is national existential ennui awareness day-dd- . in the top 40, half the songs are secret messages to the teen world to drop out, turn on, and groove with the chemicals and light shows at discotheques-dd- -- art linkletter . most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass-dd- -- frank zappa . justice is incidental to law and order-dd- -- j-dd- edgar hoover . the fortune program is supported, in part, by user contributions and by a major grant from the national endowment for the inanities-dd- . flon's law: there is not now, and never will be, a language in which it is the least bit difficult to write bad programs-dd- . i used to think i was indecisive, but now i'm not so sure-dd- . "the warning message we sent the russians was a calculated ambiguity that would be clearly understood-dd-" -- alexander haig . this life is a test-dd- it is only a test-dd- had this been an actual life, you would have received further instructions as to what to do and where to go-dd- . to you i'm an atheist; to god, i'm the loyal opposition-dd- -- woody allen . "earth is a great funhouse without the fun-dd-" -- jeff berner . cocaine -- the thinking man's dristan-dd- . this is national non-dairy creamer week-dd- . when in doubt, do what the president does -- guess-dd- . marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly-dd- -- voltaire . q: how many dec repairman does it take to fix a flat -qq- a: five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires-dd- . q: how many ibm cpu's does it take to execute a job-qq- a: four; three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off-dd- . seminars: from 'semi' and 'arse', hence, any half-assed discussion-dd- . politician: from the greek 'poly' ("many") and the french 'tete' ("head" or "face," as in 'tete-a-tete': head to head or face to face)-dd- hence 'polytetien', a person of two or more faces-dd- -- martin pitt . california: from latin 'calor', meaning "heat" (as in english 'calorie' or spanish 'caliente'); and 'fornia', for "sexual intercourse" or "fornication-dd-" hence: tierra de california, "the land of hot sex-dd-" -- ed moran, covina, california . armadillo: to provide weapons to a spanish pickle . micro credo: never trust a computer bigger than you can lift-dd- . "nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong-dd-" . bumper sticker: "all the parts falling off this car are of the very finest british manufacture" . "would you tell me, please, which way i ought to go from here-qq-" "that depends a good deal on where you want to get to," said the cat -- lewis carrol . i'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol that some thinkle peep i am-dd- it's just the drunker i sit here the longer i get-dd- . serocki's stricture: marriage is always a bachelor's last option-dd- . virtue is its own punishment-dd- . line printer paper is strongest at the perforations-dd- . the older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy-dd- . we may not return the affection of those who like us, but we always respect their good judgement-dd- . a real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works-dd- . one nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people-dd- . the cost of living hasn't affected its popularity-dd- . anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the sight of a police car is probably parked-dd- . don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today, because if you enjoy it today you can do it again tomorrow-dd- . anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire-dd- . teach children to be polite and courteous in the home, and, when he grows up, he will never be able to edge his car onto a freeway-dd- . a bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have enlightened him with ours-dd- . maybe you can't buy happiness, but these days you can certainly charge it-dd- . the best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time-dd- . there are three ways to get something done: do it yourself, hire someone, or forbid your kids to do it-dd- . the trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was-dd- . politics is like coaching a football team-dd- you have to be smart enough to understand the game but not smart enough to lose interest-dd- . nobody wants constructive criticism-dd- it's all we can do to put up with constructive praise-dd- . history repeats itself-dd- that's one thing wrong with history-dd- . resisting temptation is easier when you think you'll probably get another chance later on-dd- . never make anything simple and efficient when a way can be found to make it complex and wonderful-dd- . a student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam-dd- . ever notice that even the busiest people are never too busy to tell you just how busy they are-dd- . there's a fine line between courage and foolishness-dd- too bad its not a fence-dd- . the marvels of today's modern technology include the development of a soda can, when discarded will last forever-dd--dd--dd-and a $7,000 car which when properly cared for will rust out in two or three years-dd- . one difference between a man and a machine is that a machine is quiet when well oiled-dd- . to be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it-dd- . youth is when you blame all your troubles on your parents; maturity is when you learn that everything is the fault of the younger generation-dd- . a well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous-dd- . behold the warranty-dd--dd--dd-the bold print giveth and the fine print taketh away-dd- . always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back-dd- . how come wrong numbers are never busy-qq- . one thing the inventors can't seem to get the bugs out of is fresh paint-dd- . have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk-qq- . conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good-dd- . cleanliness is next to impossible-dd- . political t-dd-v-dd- commercials prove one thing: some candidates can tell all their good points and qualifications in just 30 seconds-dd- . ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls-dd--dd--dd-if thou art in the bathtub, it tolls for thee-dd- . one way to stop a run away horse is to bet on him-dd- . a real person has two reasons for doing anything-dd--dd--dd-a good reason and the real reason-dd- . show me a man who is a good loser and i'll show you a man who is playing golf with his boss-dd- . serving coffee on aircraft causes turbulence-dd- . nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up-dd- . if you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word you say, talk in your sleep-dd- . x-rated movies are all alike-dd--dd--dd-the only thing they leave to the imagination is the plot-dd- . people usually get what's coming to them-dd--dd--dd-unless it's been mailed-dd- . isn't it strange that the same people that laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously-qq- . man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else -- unless it is an enemy-dd- -- a-dd- einstein . "calvin coolidge looks as if he had been weaned on a pickle-dd-" -- alice roosevelt longworth . "there are two ways of disliking poetry; one way is to dislike it, the other is to read pope-dd-" -- oscar wilde . "she is descended from a long line that her mother listened to-dd-" -- gypsy rose lee . "the difference between a misfortune and a calamity-qq- if gladstone fell into the thames, it would be a misfortune-dd- but if someone dragged him out again, it would be a calamity-dd-" -- benjamin disraeli . "macdonald has the gift on compressing the largest amount of words into the smallest amount of thoughts-dd-" -- winston churchill . actor: "i'm a smash hit-dd- why, yesterday during the last act, i had everyone glued in their seats-xx-" oliver herford: "wonderful-xx- wonderful-xx- clever of you to think of it-xx-" . "sherry [thomas sheridan] is dull, naturally dull; but it must have taken him a great deal of pains to become what we now see him-dd- such an excess of stupidity, sir, is not in nature-dd-" -- samuel johnson . "why was i born with such contemporaries-qq-" -- oscar wilde . "wagner's music is better than it sounds-dd-" -- mark twain . on a paper submitted by a physicist colleague: "this isn't right-dd- this isn't even wrong-dd-" -- wolfgang pauli . leibowitz's rule: when hammering a nail, you will never hit your finger if you hold the hammer with both hands-dd- . drew's law of highway biology: the first bug to hit a clean windshield lands directly in front of your eyes-dd- . langsam's laws: 1) everything depends-dd- 2) nothing is always-dd- 3) everything is sometimes-dd- . law of probable dispersal: whatever it is that hits the fan will not be evenly distributed-dd- . meader's law: whatever happens to you, it will previously have happened to everyone you know, only more so-dd- . fourth law of revision: it is usually impractical to worry beforehand about interferences -- if you have none, someone will make one for you-dd- . sodd's second law: sooner or later, the worst possible set of circumstances is bound to occur-dd- . murphy's law is recursive-dd- washing your car to make it rain doesn't work-dd- . rule of defactualization: information deteriorates upward through bureaucracies-dd- . spark's sixth rule for managers: if a subordinate asks you a pertinent question, look at him as if he had lost his senses-dd- when he looks down, paraphrase the question back at him-dd- . anthony's law of force: don't force it; get a larger hammer-dd- . ray's rule of precision: measure with a micrometer-dd- mark with chalk-dd- cut with an axe-dd- . rule of creative research: 1) never draw what you can copy-dd- 2) never copy what you can trace-dd- 3) never trace what you can cut out and paste down-dd- . barach's rule: an alcoholic is a person who drinks more than his own physician-dd- . ink: a villainous compound of tannogallate of iron, gum-arabic, and water, chiefly used to facilitate the infection of idiocy and promote intellectual crime-dd- . kleptomaniac: a rich thief-dd- . labor: one of the processes by which a acquires property for b-dd- . trivia pursuit - the culmination of man's never ending search for a lack of purpose-dd- - b-dd-c-dd- - . liar: a lawyer with a roving commission-dd- . major premise: sixty men can do a piece of work sixty times as quickly as one man-dd- minor premise: one man can dig a post hole in sixty seconds; conclusion: sixty men can dig a post hole in one second-dd- . mad: affected with a high degree of intellectual independence-dd--dd--dd- . misfortune: the kind of fortune that never misses-dd- . miss: a title with which we brand unmarried women to indicate that they are in the market-dd- . monday: in christian countries, the day after the baseball game-dd- . mythology: the body of a primitive people's beliefs concerning its origin, early history, heroes, deities and so forth, as distinguished >from the true accounts which it invents later-dd- . -dd--dd--dd-it has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it is thrust into the affairs of another, from which some physiologists have drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of smell-dd- -- ambrose bierce . november: the eleventh twelfth of a weariness-dd- . once, adv-dd-: enough-dd- . in dr-dd- johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last resort of the scoundrel-dd- with all due respect to an enlightened but inferior lexicographer i beg to submit that it is the first-dd- -- ambrose bierce . pig: an animal (porcus omnivorous) closely allied to the human race by the splendor and vivacity of its appetite, which, however, is inferior in scope, for it balks at pig-dd- . positive: mistaken at the top of one's voice-dd- . it has just been discovered that research causes cancer in rats-dd- . frisbeetarianism: the belief that when you die, your soul goes up the on roof and gets stuck-dd- . hofstadter's law: it always takes longer than you expect, even when you take hofstadter's law into account-dd- . "it is bad luck to be superstitious-dd-" -- andrew w-dd- mathis . if a = b and b = c, then a = c, except where void or prohibited by law-dd- -- roy santoro . main's law: for every action there is an equal and opposite government program-dd- . "when you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut-dd-" . preudhomme's law of window cleaning: it's on the other side-dd- . the shortest distance between two points is under construction-dd- -- noelie altito . any small object that is accidentally dropped will hide under a larger object-dd- . if while you are in school, there is a shortage of qualified personnel in a particular field, then by the time you graduate with the necessary qualifications, that field's employment market is glutted-dd- -- marguerite emmons . pro is to con as progress is to congress-dd- . the probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action-dd- . hurewitz's memory principle: the chance of forgetting something is directly proportional to-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-to-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-uh-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd- . money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots . it is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the lowly ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as high as the eagle-qq- . "if you wants to get elected president, you'se got to think up some memoraboble homily so's school kids can be pestered into memorizin' it, even if they don't know what it means-dd-" -- walt kelly . bride: a woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her-dd- . a penny saved is ridiculous-dd- . the right half of the brain controls the left half of the body-dd- this means that only left handed people are in their right mind-dd- . "you must realize that the computer has it in for you-dd- the irrefutable proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do-dd-" . if a president doesn't do it to his wife, he'll do it to his country-dd- . it is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark . joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes-xx- . bank error in your favor-dd- collect $200-dd- . remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be worse in cleveland-dd- . as the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there is always a future in computer maintenance-dd- . go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what value there may be in owning a piece thereof-dd- . for a good time, call (415) 642-9483 . aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccccccccckkkkkk-xx--xx--xx--xx--xx--xx--xx--xx--xx- you brute-xx- knock before entering a ladies room-xx- . a gleekzorp without a tornpee is like a quop without a fertsneet (sort of)-dd- . to be is to do-dd- -- i-dd- kant to do is to be-dd- -- a-dd- sartre yabba-dabba-doo-xx- -- f-dd- flintstone . god is dead -- nietzsche nietzsche is dead -- god nietzsche is god -- dead . jesus saves, moses invests, but only buddha pays dividends-dd- . acid absorbs 47 times its weight in excess reality-dd- . reality is a cop-out for people who can't handle science fiction-dd- . census taker to housewife: did you ever have the measles, and, if so, how many-qq- . anything free is worth what you pay for it-dd- . ask not for whom the bell tolls, and you will pay only the station-to-station rate-dd- . necessity is a mother-dd- . help-xx- i'm trapped in a pdp 11/70-xx- . -xx-07/11 pdp a ni deppart m'i -xx-pleh . you can't judge a book by the way it wears its hair-dd- . may the fleas of a thousand camels infest one of your erogenous zones-dd- . may a misguided platypus lay its eggs in your jockey shorts . may your tongue stick to the roof of your mouth with the force of a thousand caramels-dd- . in the days of old, when knights were bold, and women were too cautious; oh, those gallant days, when women were women, and men were really obnoxious-dd--dd--dd- . sex is not the answer-dd- sex is the question-dd- "yes" is the answer-dd- . if anything can go wrong, it will-dd- . $100 invested at 7% interest for 100 years will become $100,000, at which time it will be worth absolutely nothing-dd- . if god had intended men to smoke, he would have put chimneys in their heads-dd- . if god had intended man to smoke, he would have set him on fire-dd- . if god had intended man to walk, he would have given him feet-dd- . if god had intended man to watch tv, he would have given him rabbit ears-dd- . how doth the little crocodile improve his shining tail, and pour the waters of the nile on every golden scale-xx- how cheerfully he seems to grin, how neatly spreads his claws, and welcomes little fishes in, with gently smiling jaws-xx- . you're at the end of the road again-dd- . if anything can go wrong, it will-dd- . the best equipment for your work is, of course, the most expensive-dd- however, your neighbor is always wasting money that should be yours by judging things by their price-dd- . in riemann, hilbert or in banach space let superscripts and subscripts go their ways-dd- our symptotes no longer out of phase, we shall encounter, counting, face to face-dd- . i'll grant the random access to my heart, thoul't tell me all the constants of thy love; and so we two shall all love's lemmas prove and in our bound partition never part-dd- . cancel me not -- for what then shall remain-qq- abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes, a root or two, a torus and a node: the inverse of my verse, a null domain-dd- . a very intelligent turtle found programming unix a hurdle the system, you see, ran as slow as did he, and that's not saying much for the turtle-dd- . this fortune intentionally not included-dd- . flibber-ti-gibbet one who is inclined to look up words like flibbertigibbert -b-dd-c-dd-- . seduced, shaggy samson snored-dd- she scissored short-dd- sorely shorn, soon shackled slave, samson sighed, silently scheming, sightlessly seeking some savage, spectacular suicide-dd- -- stanislaw lem . in an organization, each person rises to the level of his own incompetency -- the peter principle . pohl's law: nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate it-dd- . a diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip-dd- . a bird in the hand is worth what it will bring-dd- -- ambrose bierce . i'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy-dd- . when marriage is outlawed, only outlaws will have inlaws-dd- . he: let's end it all, bequeathin' our brains to science-dd- she: what-qq--xx--qq- science got enough trouble with their own brains-dd- -- walt kelley . look out-xx- behind you-xx- . give me the luxuries, and the hell with the necessities-xx- . desk: a wastebasket with drawers-dd- . anything worth doing is worth overdoing . dentist: a prestidigitator who, putting metal in one's mouth, pulls coins out of one's pockets-dd- -- ambrose bierce . it will be advantageous to cross the great stream-dd--dd--dd-the dragon is on the wing in the sky-dd--dd--dd-the great man rouses himself to his work-dd- . if all be true that i do think, there be five reasons why one should drink; good friends, good wine, or being dry, or lest we should be by-and-by, or any other reason why-dd- . if there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong-dd- . if you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly develop-dd- . left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse-dd- . every solution breeds new problems-dd- . it is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious-dd- . o'toole's commentary on murphy's law: "murphy was an optimist-dd-" . boling's postulate: if you're feeling good, don't worry-dd- you'll get over it-dd- . anytime things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something-dd- . if you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody will-dd- . scott's first law: no matter what goes wrong, it will probably look right-dd- . finagle's first law: if an experiment works, something has gone wrong-dd- . finagle's second law: no matter what the anticipated result, there will always be someone eager to (a) misinterpret it, (b) fake it, or (c) believe it happened according to his own pet theory-dd- . finagle's fourth law: once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it only makes it worse-dd- . do not believe in miracles -- rely on them-dd- . science is convinced there's no intelligent life in our solar system-dd- s-dd- f-dd- chronicle . issawi's laws of progress: the course of progress: most things get steadily worse-dd- the path of progress: a shortcut is the longest distance between two points-dd- . simon's law: everything put together falls apart sooner or later-dd- . ehrman's commentary: 1-dd- things will get worse before they get better-dd- 2-dd- who said things would get better-qq- . dimensions will always be expressed in the least usable term-dd- velocity, for example, will be expressed in furlongs per fortnight-dd- . non-reciprocal laws of expectations: negative expectations yield negative results-dd- positive expectations yield negative results-dd- . howe's law: everyone has a scheme that will not work-dd- . sturgeon's law: 90% of everything is crud-dd- . glib's fourth law of unreliability: investment in reliability will increase until it exceeds the probable cost of errors, or until someone insists on getting some useful work done-dd- . brook's law: adding manpower to a late software project makes it later . bolub's fourth law of computerdom: project teams detest weekly progress reporting because it so vividly manifests their lack of progress-dd- . lubarsky's law of cybernetic entomology: there's always one more bug-dd- . shaw's principle: build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will want to use it-dd- . law of the perversity of nature: you cannot successfully determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter-dd- . law of selective gravity: an object will fall so as to do the most damage-dd- jenning's corollary: the chance of the bread falling with the buttered side down is directly proportional to the cost of the carpet-dd- . paul's law: you can't fall off the floor-dd- . johnson's first law: when any mechanical contrivance fails, it will do so at the most inconvenient possible time-dd- . watson's law: the reliability of machinery is inversely proportional to the number and significance of any persons watching it-dd- . sattinger's law: it works better if you plug it in-dd- . lowery's law: if it jams -- force it-dd- if it breaks, it needed replacing anyway-dd- . fudd's first law of opposition: push something hard enough and it will fall over-dd- . cahn's axiom: when all else fails, read the instructions-dd- . jenkinson's law: it won't work-dd- . murphy's law of research: enough research will tend to support your theory-dd- . williams and holland's law: if enough data is collected, anything may be proven by statistical methods-dd- . harvard law: under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure, temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the organism will do as it damn well pleases-dd- . hoare's law of large problems: inside every large problem is a small problem struggling to get out-dd- . brooke's law: whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool discovers something which either abolishes the system or expands it beyond recognition-dd- . meskimen's law: there's never time to do it right, but there's always time to do it over-dd- . heller's law: the first myth of management is that it exists-dd- johnson's corollary: nobody really knows what is going on anywhere within the organization-dd- . peter's law of substitution: look after the molehills, and the mountains will look after themselves-dd- . parkinson's fourth law: the number of people in any working group tends to increase regardless of the amount of work to be done-dd- . parkinson's fifth law: if there is a way to delay in important decision, the good bureaucracy, public or private, will find it-dd- . zymurgy's law of volunteer labor: people are always available for work in the past tense-dd- . iron law of distribution: them that has, gets-dd- . h-dd- l-dd- mencken's law: those who can -- do-dd- those who can't -- teach-dd- martin's extension: those who cannot teach -- administrate-dd- . jones' law: the man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on-dd- . rule of feline frustration: when your cat has fallen asleep on your lap and looks utterly content and adorable, you will suddenly have to go to the bathroom-dd- . a transistor protected by a fast-acting fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first-dd- . after the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed-dd- . after an instrument has been assembled, extra components will be found on the bench-dd- . this universe never did make sense; i suspect that it was built on government contract-dd- . in any formula, constants (especially those obtained from handbooks) are to be treated as variables-dd- . parts that positively cannot be assembled in improper order will be-dd- . first law of bicycling: no matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the wind-dd- . boob's law: you always find something in the last place you look-dd- . osborn's law: variables won't; constants aren't-dd- . skinner's constant (or flannagan's finagling factor): that quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to, or subtracted from the answer you get, gives you the answer you should have gotten-dd- . miksch's law: if a string has one end, then it has another end-dd- . law of communications: the inevitable result of improved and enlarged communications between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly increased area of misunderstanding-dd- . harris's lament: all the good ones are taken-dd- . if you cannot convince them, confuse them-dd- -- harry s truman . putt's law: technology is dominated by two types of people: those who understand what they do not manage-dd- those who manage what they do not understand-dd- . first law of procrastination: procrastination shortens the job and places the responsibility for its termination on someone else (i-dd-e-dd-, the authority who imposed the deadline)-dd- . fifth law of procrastination: procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that there is nothing important to do-dd- . swipple's rule of order: he who shouts the loudest has the floor-dd- . wiker's law: government expands to absorb revenue and then some-dd- . gray's law of programming: 'n+1' trivial tasks are expected to be accomplished in the same time as 'n' trivial tasks-dd- logg's rebuttal to gray's law: 'n+1' trivial tasks take twice as long as 'n' trivial tasks-dd- . ninety-ninety rule of project schedules: the first ninety percent of the task takes ninety percent of the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety percent-dd- . weinberg's first law: progress is made on alternate fridays-dd- . weinberg's second law: if builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization-dd- . paul's law: in america, it's not how much an item costs, it's how much you save-dd- . malek's law: any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way-dd- . weinberg's principle: an expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping on to the grand fallacy-dd- . barth's distinction: there are two types of people: those who divide people into two types, and those who don't-dd- . weiler's law: nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself-dd- . first law of socio-genetics: celibacy is not hereditary-dd- . beifeld's principle: the probability of a young man meeting a desirable and receptive young female increases by pyramidal progression when he is already in the company of: (1) a date, (2) his wife, (3) a better looking and richer male friend-dd- . hartley's second law: never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself-dd- . pardo's first postulate: anything good in life is either illegal, immoral, or fattening-dd- arnold's addendum: anything not fitting into these categories causes cancer in rats-dd- . parker's law: beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone-dd- . captain penny's law: you can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, but you can't fool mom-dd- . katz' law: man and nations will act rationally when all other possibilities have been exhausted-dd- . mr-dd- cole's axiom: the sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the population is growing-dd- . steele's plagiarism of somebody's philosophy: everybody should believe in something -- i believe i'll have another drink-dd- . the kennedy constant: don't get mad -- get even-dd- . canada bill jone's motto: it's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money-dd- supplement: a -dd-44 magnum beats four aces-dd- . jone's motto: friends come and go, but enemies accumulate-dd- . the fifth rule: you have taken yourself too seriously-dd- . cole's law: thinly sliced cabbage-dd- . hartley's first law: you can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to float on his back, you've got something-dd- . jacquin's postulate on democratic government: no man's life, liberty, or property are safe while the legislature is in session-dd- . churchill's commentary on man: man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the time he will pick himself up and continue on-dd- . newton's little-known seventh law: a bird in the hand is safer than one overhead-dd- . mosher's law of software engineering: don't worry if it doesn't work right-dd- if everything did, you'd be out of a job-dd- . romeo: courage, man; the hurt cannot be much-dd- mercutio: no, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church- door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve-dd- . "he is now rising from affluence to poverty-dd-" -- mark twain . a classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody wants to read-dd- -- mark twain . if you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you-dd- this is the principal difference between a dog and a man-dd- -- mark twain . cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education-dd- -- mark twain . but soft you, the fair ophelia: ope not thy ponderous and marble jaws, but get thee to a nunnery -- go-xx- -- mark "the bard" twain . "why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral-qq- it is because we are not the person involved" -- mark twain . "-dd--dd--dd-an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite often picturesque liar-dd-" -- mark twain . i was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and i did-dd- i said i didn't know-dd- -- mark twain . "-dd--dd--dd-all the modern inconveniences-dd--dd--dd-" -- mark twain . we have met the enemy, and he is us-dd- -- walt kelly . "humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse-dd-" -- william gilbert . mencken and nathan's second law of the average american: all the postmasters in small towns read all the postcards-dd- . mencken and nathan's ninth law of the average american: the quality of a champagne is judged by the amount of noise the cork makes when it is popped-dd- . mencken and nathan's fifteenth law of the average american: the worst actress in the company is always the manager's wife-dd- . mencken and nathan's sixteenth law of the average american: milking a cow is an operation demanding a special talent that is possessed only by yokels, and no person born in a large city can never hope to acquire it-dd- . hark, the herald tribune sings, advertising wondrous things-dd- . angels we have heard on high tell us to go out and buy-dd- . the preacher, the politicain, the teacher, were each of them once a kiddie-dd- a child, indeed, is a wonderful creature-dd- do i want one-qq- god forbiddie-xx- -- ogden nash . who made the world i cannot tell; 'tis made, and here am i in hell-dd- my hand, though now my knuckles bleed, i never soiled with such a deed-dd- -- a-dd- e-dd- housman . families, when a child is born want it to be intelligent-dd- i, through intelligence, having wrecked my whole life, only hope the baby will prove ignorant and stupid-dd- then he will crown a tranquil life by becoming a cabinet minister -- su tung-p'o . the human animal differs from the lesser primates in his passion for lists of "ten best"-dd- -- h-dd- allen smith . is not marriage an open question, when it is alleged, from the beginning of the world, that such as are in the institution wish to get out, and such as are out wish to get in-qq- -- ralph emerson . the hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue, a custom whereof the memory of man runneth not howsomever to the contrary, nohow-dd- . emersons' law of contrariness: our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we can-dd- having found them, we shall then hate them for it-dd- . nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing-dd- . there is a great discovery still to be made in literature: that of paying literary men by the quantity they do not write-dd- . the great masses of the people -dd- -dd- -dd- will more easily fall victims to a great lie than to a small one-dd- -adolph hitler . pay no attention to what the critics say; there has never been set up a statue in honor of a critic-dd- -jean sibelius . every crowd has a silver lining-dd- -phineas taylor barnum . a cynic is just a man who found out when he was about ten that there wasn't any santa claus, and he's still upset-dd- -james gould cozzens . the devil was the first democrat-dd- -lord byron . i don't call them democrats and republicans-dd- there are only liberals and americans-dd- -james watt . vegetarianism is harmless enough, although it is apt to fill a man with wind and self-righteousness-dd- -sir robert hutchison . i have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats-dd- i speak the truth, and they never believe me-dd- -conte camillo benso di cavour . modern diplomats approach every problem with an open mouth-dd- -arthur j-dd- goldberg . bad officials are elected by good citizens who do not vote-dd- -george jean nathan . it is inexcusable for scientists to torture animals; let them make their experiments on journalists and politicians-dd- -henrik ibsen . anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry-dd- . it is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place-dd- -henry louis mencken . it is twice as hard to crush a half-truth as a whole lie-dd- . men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened-dd- -sir winston churchill . a great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices-dd- -william james . nothing you can't spell will ever work-dd- -will rogers . a fool must now and then be right by chance-dd- . hi there-xx- this is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person reading this note, that i can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes, nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home-dd- . arnold's laws of documentation: 1) if it should exist, it doesn't-dd- 2) if it does exist, it's out of date-dd- 3) only documentation for useless programs transcends the first two laws-dd- . harrisberger's fourth law of the lab: experience is directly proportional to the amount of equipment ruined-dd- . boren's laws: 1) when in charge, ponder-dd- 2) when in trouble, delegate-dd- 3) when in doubt, mumble-dd- . chisolm's first corollary to murphy's second law: when things just can't possibly get any worse, they will-dd- . rudin's law: if there is a wrong way to do something, most people will do it every time-dd- . bucy's law: nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man-dd- . hacker's law: the belief that enhanced understanding will necessarily stir a nation to action is one of mankind's oldest illusions-dd- . probable-possible, my black hen, she lays eggs in the relative when-dd- she doesn't lay eggs in the positive now because she's unable to postulate how-dd- -- frederick winsor . vail's second axiom: the amount of work to be done increases in proportion to the amount of work already completed-dd- . never count your chickens before they rip your lips off . "sometimes i simply feel that the whole world is a cigarette and i'm the only ashtray-dd-" . santa claus wears a red suit, he must be a communist-dd- and a beard and long hair, must be a pacifist-dd- what's in that pipe that he's smoking-qq- -- arlo guthrie . there is no satisfaction in hanging a man who does not object to it -- g-dd- b-dd- shaw . two can live as cheaply as one for half as long-dd- -- howard kandel . where there's a will, there's an inheritance tax-dd- . it is generally agreed that "hello" is an appropriate greeting because if you entered a room and said "goodbye," it could confuse a lot of people-dd- -- dolph sharp . hand: a singular instrument worn at the end of a human arm and commonly thrust into somebody's pocket-dd- . you should never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty-dd- -- henrick ibson . wit: the salt with which the american humorist spoils his cookery-dd--dd--dd- by leaving it out-dd- . yield to temptation-dd--dd--dd-it may not pass your way again-dd- -- lazarus long . i like work-dd--dd--dd- i can sit and watch it for ours-dd- . know thyself-dd- if you need help, call the c-dd-i-dd-a-dd- . "the lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as we could with both of them-dd-" -- major major's father . crime does not pay-dd--dd--dd-as well as politics-dd- -- a-dd- e-dd- newman . keep you eye on the ball, your shoulder to the wheel, your nose to the grindstone, your feet on the ground, your head on your shoulders-dd- now-dd--dd--dd-try to get something done-xx- . magpie: a bird whose thievish disposition suggested to someone that it might be taught to talk-dd- . democracy is also a form of worship-dd- it is the worship of jackals by jackasses-dd- -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . peace: in international affairs, a period of cheating between two periods of fighting-dd- . napoleon: what shall we do with this soldier, guiseppe-qq- everything he says is wrong-dd- guiseppe: make him a general, excellency, and then everything he says will be right-dd- -- g-dd- b-dd- shaw . people who have what they want are very fond of telling people who haven't what they want that they don't want it-dd- -- ogden nash . avoid quiet and placid persons unless you are in need of sleep-dd- . a lot of people i know believe in positive thinking, and so do i-dd- i believe everything positively stinks-dd- -- lew col . be assured that a walk through the ocean of most souls would scarcely get your feet wet-dd- fall not in love, therefore: it will stick to your face-dd- . recieving a million dollars tax free will make you feel better than being flat broke and having a stomach ache-dd- -- dolph sharp . the schwine-kitzenger institute study of 47 men over the age of 100 showed that all had these things in common: 1) they all had moderate appetites-dd- 2) they all came from middle class homes 3) all but two of them were dead-dd- . children aren't happy without something to ignore, and that's what parents were created for-dd- -- ogden nash . certainly there are things in life that money can't buy, but it's very funny-- did you ever try buying then without money-qq- -- ogden nash . confucius say too much-dd- -- recent chinese proverb . reporter: a writer who guesses his way to the truth and dispels it with a tempest of words-dd- -- ambrose bierce . fats loves madelyn . anyone who hates dogs and kids can't be all bad-dd- -- w-dd- c-dd- fields . "hey-xx- who took the cork off my lunch-qq--qq--xx-" -- w-dd- c-dd- fields . a dozen, a gross, and a score, plus three times the square root of four, divided by seven, plus five time eleven, equals nine squared plus zero, no more-dd- . who's on first-qq- . clothes make the man-dd- naked people have little or no influence on society-dd- -- mark twain . we really don't have any enemies-dd- it's just that some of our best friends are trying to kill us-dd- . if there is no god, who pops up the next kleenex-qq- -- art hoppe . the killer ducks are coming-xx--xx--xx- . "this is a country where people are free to practice their religion, regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys-dd--dd--dd-" . comment oh, life is a glorious cycle of song, a medley of extemporanea; and love is thing that can never go wrong; and i am marie of roumania-dd- -- dorothy parker . "he's just a politician trying to save both his faces-dd--dd--dd-" . "drawing on my fine command of language, i said nothing-dd-" . blessed are they who go around in circles, for they shall be known as wheels-dd- . every absurdity has a champion who will defend it-dd- . he who laughs, lasts-dd- . now and then, an innocent man is sent to the legislature-dd- . somebody ought to cross ball point pens with coat hangers so that the pens will multiply instead of disappear-dd- . "it took me fifteen years to discover that i had no talent for writing, but i couldn't give up because by that time i was too famous-dd-" . today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official-dd- . to iterate is human, to recurse, divine-dd- . too much of a good thing is wonderful-dd- -- mae west . famous last words: . you will be told about it tomorrow-dd- go home and prepare thyself-dd- . absurdity: a statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own opinion-dd- . abstainer: a weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a pleasure-dd- . a total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others-dd- -- ambrose bierce . acquaintance: a person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not well enough to lend to-dd- -- ambrose bierce . admiration: our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves-dd- . adore: to venerate expectantly-dd- . alliance: in international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they cannot separately plunder a third-dd- . alone: in bad company-dd- . ambidextrous: able to pick with equal skill a right-hand pocket or a left-dd- . god made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh-dd- . anoint: to grease a king or other great functionary already sufficiently slippery-dd- . bacchus: a convenient deity invented by the ancients as an excuse for getting drunk-dd- . barometer: an ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather we are having-dd- . birth: the first and direst of all disasters-dd- . bore: a person who talks when you wish him to listen-dd- . brain: the apparatus with which we think that we think-dd- . in our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption >from the cares of office-dd- . cabbage: a familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as a man's head-dd- . cogito cogito ergo cogito sum -- "i think that i think, therefore i think that i am-dd-" -- ambrose bierce . critic: a person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries to please him-dd- . dawn: the time when men of reason go to bed-dd- . "the first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers" william shakespeare . "computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do don't need to be done-dd-" andy rooney . "i'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy-dd-" scott watson . spring is that busy period when highway crews rush out to get the main routes torn up in time for summer traffic-dd- doug larson . i think people should go into public office for a term or two, and then get back into their businesses and live under the laws that they passed-dd- mike curb . rumba is a dance where the front of you goes along nice and smooth like a cadillac and the back of you makes like a jeep-dd- bob hope . when something defies description--let it-dd- arnold h-dd- glasow . a suggestion for unsuccessful dieters: don't think of it as fat; think of it as insulation-dd- james holt mcgavran . antidisestablishmentarianism: opposition to the withdrawel of federal funds used to support an organized church, i-dd-e-dd- the catholic church in england-dd- webster's dictionary . two martians landed on a corner right in front of a traffic light-dd- "i saw her first," one said-dd- "so what-qq-" replied the other, "i'm the one she winked at-dd-" sandy hartman . praise does wonders for the sense of hearing-dd- bits and pieces . genius is born, not paid-dd- oscar wilde . headline deserving a pullet surprise: "20 year friendship ends at alter" more joy of lex . headline deserving a pullet surprise: "prisoners escape after execution" more joy of lex . headline deserving a pullet surprise: "sisters wed brothers have babies same day" more joy of lex . headline deserving a pullet surprise: "`fidelio' only opera beethoven wrote on monday evening" more joy of lex . headline deserving a pullet surprise: "passengers hit by cancelled trains" more joy of lex . headline deserving a pullet surprise: "buffalo swept off feet by mendelssohn choir" more joy of lex . headline deserving a pullet surprise: "protestor tried to spoil play but actors succeeded" more joy of lex . the human body has several hundred muscles, mostly to tell us we shouldn't have jogged so far-dd- the iden treasury . the poet can reach where the sun cannot-dd- hindu proverb . from an and for flatware: "a real stainless steal-dd-" unknown . sticks float-dd- they wood-xx- shirley whittington . what kind of baker kneads puns-qq- shirley whittington . a rich man once asked a friend, "why am i criticized fpr being miserly-qq- everone knows i will leave everything to charity when i die-dd-" "well," said the friend, "let me tell you about the pig and the cow-dd- the pig was lamenting to the cow one day about how unpopular he was-dd- `people are always talking about your gentleness and your kind eyes,' said the pig-dd- `sure, you give milk and cream, but i give more-dd- i give bacon, ham, bristles-dd- they even pickle my feet-xx- still, nobody likes me-dd- why is this-qq-' the cow thought a minute then replied "well, maybe it's because i give while i'm still living-dd-'" sunshine magazine . the trouble with good ideas is that they quickly degenerate into hard work-dd- peter drucker . the trouble with bucket seats is that everyone doesn't have the same size bucket-dd- opal smith . the excuse: i would if i could but i can't so i won't-dd- unknown . soon all the world's greatest wisdom will be expressed in cliches-dd- david gerrold . ill play with it first and tell you what it is later-dd- miles davis . im hungry-xx- im hungry-xx- for good things to eat for sugar jets, sugar jets (whole toasted wheat) advertisement . i was in this prematurely air conditioned supermarket and there were all these aisles and there were these bathing caps you could buy that had these kind of fourth of july plumes on them that were red and yellow and blue and i wasn't tempted to buy one but i was reminded of the fact that i had been avoiding the beach-dd- lucinda childs (philip glass: einstein on the beach) . nothing is true-dd- everything is permitted-dd- hassan i sabbah . dont let your mouth write no check that your tail can't cash-dd- bo diddley . the opposite of a correct statement is a false statement-dd- but the opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth-dd- niels bohr . just because everything is different doesnt mean anything has changed-dd- southern california oracle . the most merciful thing in the world -dd--dd--dd- is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents-dd- h p lovecraft . take what you can use and let the rest go by-dd- ken kesey . its not the size of the ship, its the size of the waves-dd- little richard . i never loved another person the way i loved myself-dd- mae west . sometimes a cigar is just a cigar-dd- sigmund freud . when choosing between two evils i always like to take the one ive never tried before-dd- mae west . her life was saved by rock and roll-dd- lou reed . i regret to say that we of the fbi are powerless to act in cases of oral-genital intimacy, unless it has in some way obstructed interstate commerce-dd- j edgar hoover . honest officer, had i known my health stood in jeprody i would never had lit one-dd- maxim of the hells angels . it is a rather pleasent experience to be alone in a bank at night-dd- willie sutton . never invest your money in anything that eats or needs painting-dd- billy rose . the rich will do anything for the poor but get off their backs-dd- karl marx if karl, instead of writing a lot about capital, had made a lot of it -dd--dd--dd- it would have been much better-dd- karl marx's mother . if you think the united states has stood still, who built the largest shopping center in the world-qq- richard m nixon . when i sell liquor, its called bootlegging; when my patrons serve it on lake shore drive, its called hospitality-dd- al capone . anything anybody can say about america is true-dd- emmett grogan . tip the world over on its side and everything loose will land in los angeles-dd- frank lloyd wright . if youve seen one city slum, youve seen them all-dd- spiro agnew . if youve seen one redwood, youve seen them all-dd- ronald reagan . he who shits on the road will meet flies on his return-dd- south african saying . use it up -dd--dd--dd- wear it out-dd- make it do -dd--dd--dd- or do without-dd- us world war ii message . you cant underestimate the power of fear-dd- tricia nixon . the whole earth is in jail and we're plotting this incredible jailbreak-dd- wavy gravy . the end move in politics is always to pick up a gun-dd- buckminster fuller . things are more like they are now than they ever were before-dd- dwight d eisenhower . you smash it - and ill build around it-dd- john lennon . college isn't the place to go for ideas-dd- hellen keller . politicians should read science fiction, not westerns and detective stories-dd- arthur c clarke . america, how can a write a holy litany in your silly mood-qq- allen ginsberg . it is necessary for me to establish a winner image-dd- therefore, i have to beat somebody-dd- richard m nixon . any smoothly functioning technology will have the appearence of magic-dd- arthur c clarke . justice is incedental to law and order-dd- j edgar hoover . military intelligence is a contradiction in terms-dd- groucho marx . the first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it-dd- abbie hoffman . stay out of the road, if you want to grow old-dd- pink floyd . here i am, fifty-eight, and i still dont know what i want to be when i grow up-dd- peter drucker . how can you be two places at once when youre not anywhere at all-qq- firesign theater . i think that god in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability-dd- oscar wilde . we are what we pretend to be-dd- kurt vonnegut, jr . we are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars-dd- oscar wilde . the race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong - but thats the way to bet-dd- damon runyon . i could prove god statistically-dd- george gallup . my religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind-dd- albert einstein . real wealth can only increase-dd- r buckminster fuller . anyone can hate-dd- it costs to love-dd- john williamson . in the province of the mind, what one believes to be true either is true or becomes true-dd- john lilly . time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space-dd- graffiti . the most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible-dd- albert einstein . nobody can be exactly like me-dd- even i have trouble doing it-dd- tallulah bankhead . a physicist is an atoms way of knowing about atoms-dd- george wald . don't lose your head to gain a minute you need your head your brains are in it-dd- burma shave . it was always thus; and even if 'twere not, 'twould inevitably have been always thus-dd- dean lattimer . burnt sienna-dd- thats the best thing that ever happened to crayolas-dd- ken weaver . we dont know who discovered water, but we are certain it wasnt a fish-dd- john culkin . try to be the best of what you are, even if what you are is no good-dd- ashleigh brilliant . i waited and waited, and when no message came, i knew it must have been from you-dd- ashleigh brilliant . please dont lie to me, unless youre absolutely sure ill never find out the truth-dd- ashleigh brilliant . please dont ask me what the score is, im not even sure what the game is-dd- ashleigh brilliant . i either want less corruption, or more chance to participate in it-dd- ashleigh brilliant . if you cant learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly-dd- ashleigh brilliant . i dont have any solution, but i certainly admire the problem-dd- ashleigh brilliant . maybe im lucky to be going so slowly, because i may be going in the wrong direction-dd- ashleigh brilliant . by doing just a little every day, i can gradually let the task completely overwhelm me-dd- ashleigh brilliant . to be sure of hitting the target, shoot first, and call whatever you hit the target-dd- ashleigh brilliant . america is the only country that went from barbarism to decadence without civilization in between-dd- oscar wilde . the flush toilet is the basis of western civilization-dd- alan coult . if the aborigine drafted an iq test, all of western civilization would presumably flunk it-dd- stanley garn . the world looks as if it has been left in the custody of trolls-dd- father robert f capon . sure there are dishonest men in local government-dd- but there are dishonest men in national government too-dd- richard m nixon . we are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it-dd- dwight d eisenhower . if we make peaceful revolution impossible, we make violent revolution inevitiable-dd- john f kennedy . "contrariwise", continued tweedledee, "if it was so, it might be; and if it were so, it would be; but as it isnt, it aint-dd- thats logic-dd-" lewis carroll . it takes a long time to understand nothing-dd- edward dahlberg . to know the world one must construct it-dd- cesare pavese . eeny meeny, jelly beanie, the spirits are about to speak-dd- bullwinkle moose . the mistake you make is in trying to figure it out-dd- tenessee williams . an object never serves the same function as its image- or its name-dd- rene magritte . all i kin say is when you finds yo'self wanderin' in a peach orchard, ya dont go lookin' for rutabagas-dd- kingfish . he who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder-dd- m c escher . law of computability applied to social sciences: if at first you don't suceed, transform your data set-dd- . laws of computer programming (1) any given program, when running, is obsolete-dd- (2) any given program costs more and takes longer-dd- (3) if a program is useful, it will have to be changed-dd- (4) if a program is useless, it will have to be documented-dd- (5) any given program will expand to fill all available memory-dd- (6) the value of a program is porportional to the weight of its output-dd- (7) program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of the programmer who must maintain it-dd- (8) make it possible for programmers to write programs in english, and you will find that programmers cannot write in english-dd- sigplan notices, vol 2 no 2 . when more and more people are thrown out of work, unemployment results-dd- calvin coolidge . the first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts-dd- paul erlich . if a equals success, then the formula is: a= x + y + z x is work-dd- y is play-dd- z is keep your mouth shut-dd- albert einstein . sex is hereditary-dd- if your parents never had it, chances are you wont either-dd- joseph fischer . fourth law of thermodymanics: if the probability of success is not almost one, then it is damn near zero-dd- david ellis . frouds law: a transistor protected by a fast acting fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first-dd- . fullers law of cosmic irreversibility: 1 pot t == 1 pot p 1 pot p -xx-= 1 pot t r buckminster fuller . the meek shall inherit the earth, but not its mineral rights-dd- j paul getty . gilb's laws of reliability (1) computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable-dd- (3) the only difference between the fool, and the criminal who attacks a systrem is that the fool attacks unpredictably and on a broader front-dd- (5) self-checking systems tend to have a complexity in proportion to the inherent unreliability of the system in which they are used-dd- (6) the error-detection and correction capabilities of any system are the key to understanding the type of errors which they cannot handle-dd- (7) undetectable errors are infinite in variety, in contrast to detectable errors, which by definition are limited-dd- (8) all real programs contain errors until proven otherwise - which is impossible-dd- (9) investment in reliability will increase until it exceeds the probable cost of errors, or somebody insists on getting some useful work done-dd- tom gilb . give a small boy a hammer and he will find that everything he encounters needs pounding-dd- abraham kaplan . the fault lies not with our technologies but with our systems-dd- roger levian . under any conditions, anywhere, whatever you are doing, there is some ordinance under which you can be booked-dd- robert d sprecht (rand corp) . thoreau's law: if you see a man approaching you with the obvious intent of doing you good, you should run for your life-dd- . vique's law: a man without religion is like a fish without a bicycle-dd- . if builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization-dd- gerald weinberg . zimmerman's law of complaints: nobody notices when things go right-dd- . real knowledge is to know the extent of ones ignorance-dd- confucius . whoso diggeth a pit shall fall therein-dd- book of proverbs . it usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech-dd- mark twain . the unnatural, that too is natural-dd- goethe . i used to be indecisive; now im not sure-dd- graffiti . i had a monumental idea this morning, but i didnt like it-dd- samuel goldwyn . he hasn't one redeeming vice-dd- oscar wilde . i'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous-dd- graffiti . (to walter cronkite): "well walter, i believe that the good lord gave us a finite number of heartbeats and i'm damned if i'm going to use up mine running up and down a street" - neil armstrong - . "you doubted me," god tells the lawgiver [moses], "but i forgave you that doubt-dd- you doubted your own self and failed to believe in your own powers as a leader, and i forgave you that also-dd- but you lost faith in these people and doubted the divine possibilities of human nature-dd- this loss of faith makes it impossible for you to enter the promised land-dd-" - the midrash - . " 'martyrdom' is the only way a person can become famous without ability" - george bernard shaw - . "science has proof without any certainty-dd- creationists have certainty without any proof" ashley montague - . "birth, copulation, and death-dd- that's all the facts when you come to brass tacks" t-dd- s-dd- elliot - . "make no little plans-dd- they have no magic to stir men's blood-dd-" d-dd- b-dd- hudson - . "software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more ' user-friendly'-dd--dd--dd--dd- their best approach, so far, has been to take all the old brochures, and stamp the words, 'user-friendly' on the cover-dd-" bill gates,pres-dd-,microsoft,inc-dd- - . eight things your computer won't do: 1) it won't save you money 2) it won't make your organization run right 3) it won't solve every problem 4) it won't run itself 5) it won't always be right 6) it won't meet all its own needs 7) it won't protect itself 8) it won't become obsolete j-dd- makower - . bradley's bromide: if computers get too powerful,we can organize them into a committee-dd--dd--dd- that will do them in-dd- . civilization law #1: civilization advances by extending the number of important operations one can do without thinking about them-dd- . ketterling's law: logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence-dd- . "whenever 'a' attempts by law to impose his moral standards upon 'b', 'a' is most likely a scoundrel" h-dd- l-dd- mencken - . "the government of the united states is not in any sense founded on the christian religion" george washington - . "in every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to liberty-dd-" - thomas jefferson - . "during almost fifteen centuries the legal establishment of christianity has been upon trial-dd- what has been its fruits-qq- more or less, in all places, pride and indolence in the clergy; ignorance and servility in the laity,; in both, superstition, bigotry, - james madison - . "money, not morality, is the principle commerce of civilized nations" - thomas jefferson - . "we must all hang together, or we will surely all hang separately" - benjamin franklin - . "where a new invention promises to be useful, it ought to be tried" - thomas jefferson - . "assuming that either the left wing or the right wing gained control of the country, it would probably fly around in circles" - pat paulsen - . "an intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself" - camus - . "i don't drink water-dd- fish fuck in it" - w-dd- c-dd- fields - . "six years for possession of a cigarette-qq--dd--dd--dd-i got six months for possession of a deadly weapon-xx-" - cartoon by s-dd- harris - . the swartzberg test: the validity of a science is its ability to predict-dd- . "there is no choice before us-dd- either we must succeed in providing the rational coordination of impulses and guts, or for centuries civilization will sink into a mere welter of minor excitements-dd- we must provide a great age or see the collapse of the upward striving of the human race" - alfred north whitehead - . "my own life has been spent chronicling the rise and fall of human systems, and i am convinced that we are terribly vulnerable-dd--dd--dd--dd- we should be reluctant to turn back upon the frontier of this epoch-dd- space is indifferent to what we do; it has no feeling, no design, no interest in whether or not we grapple with it-dd- but we cannot be indifferent to space, because the grand, slow march of intelligence has brought us, in our generation, to a point from which we can explore and understand and utilize it-dd- to turn back now would be to deny our history, our capabilities-dd-" - james a-dd- michener - . "what does it take for americans to do great things; to go to the moon, to win wars, to dig canals linking oceans, to build railroads across a continent-qq- in independent thought about this question, neil armstrong and i concluded that it takes a coincidence of four conditions, or in neil's view, the simultaneous peaking of four of the many cycles of american life-dd- first, a base of technology must exist from which to do the thing to be done-dd- second, a period of national uneasiness about america's place in the scheme of human activities must exist-dd- third, some catalytic event must occur that focuses the national attention upon the direction to proceed-dd- finally, an articulate and wise leader must sense these first three conditions and put forth with words and action the great thing to be accomplished-dd- the motivation of young americans to do what needs to be done flows from such a coincidence of conditions-dd--dd--dd--dd- the thomas jeffersons, the teddy roosevelts, the john kennedys appear-dd- we must begin to create the tools of leadership which they, and thier young frontiersmen, will require to lead us onward and upward-dd-" - dr-dd- harrison h-dd- schmidt,sen-dd-,new mexico - . "what do you call a boomerang that doesn't work-qq- a stick-xx-" - bill kirchenbaum, comedian - . "to err is human, to compute divine-dd- trust your computer but not its programmer" - morris kingston - . "i've seen many politicians paralyzed in the legs as myself, but i've seen more of them who were paralyzed in the head" - george wallace - . "you don't have to explain something you never said" - calvin coolidge - . "a little caution outflanks a large cavalry" - bismarck - . "a billion here, a billion there, sooner or later it adds up to real money" - everett dirksen - . "the personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip market-dd- next year it will be about half the size of the pet food market and is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose" - james finke,pres-dd-,commodore int'l ltd-dd-(1982) - . "i like a man who grins when he fights-dd-" - winston churchill - . "there are a lot of lies going around-dd--dd--dd--dd- and half of them are true-dd-" - winston churchill - . "man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most times he will pick himself up and carry on-dd--dd--dd-" - winston churchill - . "god runs electromagnetics by wave theory on monday, wednesday, and friday, and the devil runs them by quantum theory on tuesday, thursday, and saturday-dd-" - william bragg - . "pioneering basically amounts to finding new and more horrible ways to die" - john w-dd- campbell - . "that man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest" - thoreau - . life is not one thing after another-dd--dd--dd--dd- it's the same damn thing over and over-xx- . the meek will inherit the earth-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd- the rest of us will go to the stars-dd- . after all is said and done, a lot more has been said than done-dd- . beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes straight to the bone-dd- . there is no remedy for sex but more sex-dd- . any given program, when running correctly, is obsolete-dd- . tell a man that there are 300 billion stars in the universe, and he'll believe you-dd--dd--dd--dd- tell him that a bench has wet paint upon it and he'll have to touch it to be sure-dd- . sex is like snow-dd--dd--dd- you never know how many inches you're going to get or how long it will last-dd- . what matters is not the length of the wand, but the magic in the stick-dd- . love is a matter of chemistry, but sex is a matter of physics-dd- . "discovery consists in seeing what everyone else has seen and thinking what no one else has thought-dd-" - albert szent-gyorgi - . "revolution is the opiate of the intellectuals" - "oh, lucky man" - . i really hate this damn machine, i wish that they would sell it-dd- it never does just what i want, but only what i tell it-dd- . "fantasy, abandoned by reason, produces impossible monsters; united with it, she is the mother of the arts and the origin of marvels" - goya - . "some people like my advice so much that they frame it upon the wall instead of using it" - gordon r-dd- dickson - . "civilization is a movement, not a condition; it is a voyage, not a harbor-dd-" - toynbee - . "we have met the enemy and he is us" - walt kelly (in pogo) - . "you know, of course, that the tasmanians, who never committed adultery, are now extinct-dd-" - m-dd- somerset maugham - . "if it ain't broke, don't fix it-dd-" - bert lantz - . "the one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a neccessity-dd-" - oscar wilde - . "god is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh-dd-" - voltaire - . ode to turbulent flow: big whirls have little whirls which feed on their velocity, and little whirls have lesser whirls and so on, to viscosity-dd- . "ibm uses what i like to call the 'hole-in-the-ground technique' to destroy the competition-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd- ibm digs a big hole in the ground and covers it with leaves-dd- it then puts a big pot of gold nearby-dd- then it gives the call, 'hey, look at all this gold, get over here fast-dd-' as soon as the competitor approaches the pot, he falls into the pit" - john c-dd- dvorak - . "there are things that are so serious that you can only joke about them" - heisenberg - . "it takes all sorts of in & out-door schooling to get adapted to my kind of fooling" - r-dd- frost - . "confound these ancestors-dd--dd--dd--dd- they've stolen our best ideas-xx-" - ben jonson - . become a programmer and never see the world-xx- . rom wasn't built in a day-dd- . dave-dd- put down those windows disks, dave-dd- dave-xx- - hal9000 . how much deeper would the oceans be without sponges-qq- . do artificial plants need artificial water-qq- . when patterns are broken - new worlds can emerge-dd- . i have often depended on the blindness of strangers-dd- . i want my data back, machine, and i want it now-xx- . to clone a felon, do i use the copy con command-qq- . if you ever wanted *mindful* drivel, this is it-dd- . software independent: won't work with any software-dd- . blame san andreas, it's all his fault-dd- . i'm one-of-a-kind-dd- (just what kind, nobody is really sure-dd-) . life is like-dd--dd--dd- an analogy-dd- . honesty pays, but not enough to satisfy some people-dd- . ura redneck if you think "deliverence" was a love story-dd- . where there's a will, i want to be in it-dd- . my bit bucket runneth over-dd--dd--dd- . a diploma proves only that you know how to find an answer-dd- . if space is the final frontier, what's time-qq- . i wasn't there-dd- i didn't do it-dd- i want my lawyer-xx- . a scone is a biscuit that's gone to college-dd- . to make it work, you have to do the work-dd- . we're judged by what we finish, not what we start-dd- . i have a mind like a steel-dd--dd--dd- uh-dd--dd--dd- thingy-dd- . why don't gods come with pull-down menus and online help-qq- . i'm not insensitive, i'm male-dd- see the difference-qq- . file not found-dd- nobody leave the room-xx- . really drunk is when you cling to the floor so you don't fall off-dd- . i've got it-xx- i've got it-xx- now, for the cure-dd--dd--dd- . a day without radiation is a day without sunshine-dd- . shoot it, bubba, it might be my mother-in-law-xx- . photographers fade faster than photographs-dd- . my name is borg, james borg, licensed to assimilate-dd- . this time around the revolution will not be televised-dd- . on the 8th day, the corps of engineers started changing everything-dd- . senseless massacre and carnage-qq- where do i sign up-qq- . he who lives by the sword is a regular cut-up-xx- . i get my castles the old-fashioned way-dd- i conquer them-dd- . no carrier-qq- how are we gonna land this modem-qq- . god isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking space-dd- . la quinta is spanish for "next to denny's-dd-" . eeeeuw-xx- you mean you actually talk on the phone-qq- . firing up the blast-o-matic obnoxious airbag deflator-dd- . a juggler is just a schizophrenic playing catch-dd- . a magic book that stays with you - the velcronomicon-dd- . my hovercraft is full of eels-dd- . they had computers in eden-dd- eve had a apple and adam had a wang-dd- . i know everything, but i'm sworn to secrecy-dd- . polaroids: what polar bears get from sitting on the ice-dd- . fifty states and i had to go and pick confusion-dd- . d-dd-a-dd-m-dd-n-dd- - naked mothers against dyslexia . of course i'm on topic-xx- (which conference is this-qq-) . how to make murphy's law fail - try to prove it to someone-dd- . victory find a hundred fathers, but defeat is an orphan-dd- . this is an ex-parrot-dd- . goals are dreams with deadlines-dd- . there is intelligent life in the universe-dd- it ignores us-dd- . never believe anything until it's been officially denied-dd- . paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life-dd- . all i want is a warm bed, a kind word, and unlimited power-dd- . old immortals don't die, they just-dd--dd--dd- don't-dd- . amish safe sex: painting an "x" on the cows that kick-dd- . hard disk-qq- gee, lady, i misunderstood you-dd- . if you can't laugh at yourself, make fun of other people-dd- . grow your own dope - plant a politician-dd- . better one true friend than a hundred relatives-dd- . i am dos of borg-dd- prepare-dd--dd--dd-oops, out of memory-xx- . you cannot strengthen the weak by weakening the strong-dd- . all things considered, insanity may be the best alternative-dd- . there will be a rain dance friday, weather permitting-dd- . ultimate bachelor condiments: liquid lettuce and solid milk-dd- . don't bother pressing that key, there is no esc-dd- . she's so fat that when she sings, it's over-dd- . "640k ought to be enough for anybody-dd-" (bill gates, 1981) . "a newspaper is a collection of half-injustices" . "all my hidden skills are undiscovered-dd-" - clinton . "are your cookies made with real girl scouts-qq-" . "but honey, we need a 2 gig drive for word processing-xx-" . "dos=high" hmm, i knew it was on something-dd--dd--dd- . "good morning-xx-" is an opinion, not a greeting-dd- . "graphic artist seeks boss with vision impairment-dd-" . "ground beef" -- a cow with no legs-xx- . "hex dump" - where witches put used curses-qq- . "i'd like all your $20 bills in this bag", "to go"-dd- . "leave my blouse alone-xx- i said spellcheck, not spillcheck" . "meow"-dd--dd--dd-splat-dd--dd--dd-"ruff"-dd--dd--dd-splat-dd--dd--dd-(raining cats & dogs) . "please return stewardess to original upright position" . "sometimes a cigar is just a cigar" - freud . "uh honey, a p5 with a 20" monitor is perfect for mail" . "who cares where carmen sandiego is-qq-" . (a)bort, (r)etry, (f)ail, (g)rab_hammer . *it is* documented, look under "for internal use only-dd-" . -dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-64-dd--dd-65-dd--dd--dd-66-dd--dd--dd-67-dd--dd--dd-68-dd--dd--dd-69-dd--dd--dd- "stop right there-xx-" . -dd--dd--dd-and i betcha she can say it in 10 different languages-xx- . -dd--dd--dd-i love children-xx- they taste just like chicken-dd- . -dd--dd--dd-i multi-task, i read in the bathroom-dd- . -dd--dd--dd-so simple a child could do it-qq- go find me a child-xx- . 1 + 2 = 3; therefore, 4 + 5 = 6-dd- . 10 days and 18 messages later, "oh i understand now" . 20 dumb blonds in freezer: frosted flakes-dd- . 3 stages of sex: tri-weekly, try weekly, try weakly-dd- . 50 states, and i had to pick one of confusion-dd--dd--dd- . 69, 714, 2112 : sex, drugs, and rock and roll-xx- . 74% of all statistics are made up on the spot . 89-dd-6% of all statistics are wrong-dd- . a -dd-45 beats a royal flush every time . a big enough hammer can usually fix anything-dd- . a bird in the hand is a big mistake-dd- . a bird in the hand is better than one overhead-xx- . a career is a job that takes about 20 more hours a week-dd- . a clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer-dd- . a cynic smells flowers and looks for the casket-dd- . a dry sense of humor is better than slobbering everywhere . a field upgrade,hal-dd- we're going to make you ibm compatible-dd- . a fool with a tool is a well-equipped fool . a girl a day keeps the wife away-dd- . a good marriage outlasts the first box of dental floss-dd- . a hundred years from now, none of us will give a damn-dd- . a husband is a lover who pushed his luck too far-dd- . a jerk present in a group indicates a jerk in charge-dd- . a lawyer's opinion is worth nothing unless paid for-dd- . a little greed can get you lots of stuff . a low yield atomic bomb is like being a bit pregnant-dd- . a man's incomplete until married; then he's finished-xx- . a narrow mind is usually accompanied by a wide mouth-dd- . a nuclear war can ruin your whole day-dd--dd--dd- . a nudist has no reason to fear a pickpocket-dd- . a perfect woman is one that is inflated to 40psi-dd- . a short cut is the longest distance between two points-dd- . a smith & wesson beats four aces every time-dd- . a stitch in time would have confused einstein-dd- . a too-short mini skirt leaves a definitive end in view-dd- . a truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn-dd- . a wife lasts as long as a marriage, an ex-wife for ever-dd- . a woman cries before the wedding, a man after-dd- . actions are usually right, but the reasons seldom are-dd- . adam ate the apple, and our teeth still ache-dd- . age and treachery can always overcome youth and skill-dd- . agghhhhh, 4 am already-xx- . all bikini clad women, proceed to move to california-dd- . all women are automatically born with a shopping disorder . always consider the alternative before making a choice-dd- . always remember you're unique - just like everyone else-dd- . always smile-dd- it makes people wonder what you're up to-dd- . am i ignorant or apathetic-qq- i don't know and don't care-xx- . an idea is not responsible for fools who believe in it-dd- . and on the seventh day, he took an aspirin-dd- . any given program, once running, is obsolete-dd- . any sufficiently advanced bug will become a feature-dd- . any sufficiently advanced technology looks like magic-dd- . anyone who remembers the 60's-dd--dd--dd-wasn't there-dd- . anything not nailed down is a cat toy-dd- . are you on an ego trip-qq- you forgot your luggage-dd- . as your doctor i advise you to drink heavily-dd- . ascii silly questions and you'll get some silly ansi . author of "lead, follow, or get outta the way-dd-" . avoid the 5 o'clock rush - always leave work at noon-dd- . backup not found: (a)bort (r)etry (p)anic . bank rule: to get a loan, first prove you don't need it-dd- . bathroom scale: something you stand on and swear at-dd- . bbs tip #45: alt-h gives you sysop access-xx- . be kind to animals-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd-take your boss to lunch-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd--dd- . behind every man, there's a woman with nothing to wear-dd- . black holes are where god divided by zero-dd- . blessed are the meek, for they make great scapegoats-dd- . both of his feet are firmly planted in the air-dd- . bush says "no new taxes-xx-", clinton says, "no, new taxes-xx-" . but honey, i wouldn't be up so late on a faster machine-xx- . call me if you need my phone number-xx- . canadian dos prompt: eh-qq-\> . captain we're at 1700 cps-dd- the uarts canna take much more . careful-dd- i know karate and a few other foreign words-dd- . cats are smarter than dogs-dd- eight cats won't pull a sled-dd- . chemists don't die, they just stop reacting-xx- . circular definition: see definition, circular-dd- . committee: a body that keeps minutes and wastes hours-dd- . compatible: blows up a little later than incompatible . copy *-dd-txt > brain . credit card owner -- member of the debt set . criminal lawyer-dd- isn't that redundant-qq- . cross river *then* insult alligator-dd- . curiosity didn't kill the cat-dd- i got 'im with the mower-xx- . death is life's way of telling you you've been fired-dd- . debrief: wife listening while you talk in your sleep-dd- . dentist's famous last words: "you won't feel a thing-dd--dd--dd-" . despite the high cost of living, it remains popular-dd- . did you expect mere proof to sway my opinion-qq- . diplomacy: saying "nice doggie" until you can find a rock . do molecular biologists wear designer genes-qq- . do not look into laser with remaining eye-dd--dd- . do not merely believe in miracles, rely on them-dd- . do radioactive cats have eighteen half-lives-qq- . do witches use spell-checkers-qq- . do ya really believe her when she says size don't matter-qq- . do you always hit the nail right on the thumb-qq- . does "pirate" software come with a treasure map-qq- . dog for sale: eats anything and is fond of children . don't be sexist-dd- broads hate that-dd- . don't confuse me with facts, my mind is made up-xx- . don't even try to think without proper tools-dd- . don't lend people money-dd- it causes amnesia-dd- . don't look now, but your file is unzipped-dd- . don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper-dd- . don't open the darkroom door; it lets all the dark out-dd- . don't overtax yourself; that's the government's job-dd- . don't take life seriously-dd--dd--dd-it isn't permanent-dd- . don't worry the next message will be better-xx- . earth is 98% full-dd--dd--dd-please delete anyone you can-dd- . elvis stamps: where will your mail be spotted next-qq- . epitaph on a gravestone: cheerio, see you soon-dd- . error-disk full error,formatting drive c: to make space . every exit is an entrance into something else-dd- . every silver lining has a cloud around it-dd- . every step you take becomes a twist of fate-dd- . every valuable idea offends someone-dd- . everyone is a genius at least once a year-dd- . everyone is gifted-dd- some just open their packages sooner-dd- . everyone makes mistakes, if not we'd all be single-xx- . excuse me if i sound bitter-dd--dd--dd--dd-i taste that way too . excuse me, while i change into something more formidable-dd- . expert: "ex"=a has-been-dd- "spert"=a drip under pressure-dd- . explosion at sperm bank-dd- nurses overcome-dd- . features should be discovered, not documented-xx- . first, they tax incomes; now they're taxing my patience-dd- . floppy disk = lower back trouble-dd- . fools and their money become popular quickly-dd- . general failure reading drive a: please remove your fist . get gun-dd- shoot computer-dd- turn off lights-dd--dd--dd- . give a man an inch, and he thinks he's a ruler-dd- . give and you might receive-dd- take and be sure of it-dd- . go ahead, correct my typos-dd- i'll make more-dd- . good girls go to heaven-dd- bad girls go everywhere-dd- . got my uzi, got some scotch-dd--dd--dd-let's go to disneyland-xx- . gotta run, the cat's caught in the printer again-dd--dd--dd- . gravity doesn't exist-dd- the earth sucks-dd- . great beer bellies are made, not born-dd- . gun control: ability to hit what you aim at-xx- . guns don't kill people-dd- bullets kill people-dd- . ha hah ha hah hah <smack> -dd--dd--dd- oof -dd--dd--dd- . have a cold-qq- let me introduce you to doc jack kevorkian-dd- . hell hath no fury like the lawyer of woman scorned-xx- . help stamp out, eliminate, and abolish redundancy-xx- . help-xx- i've been possessed by a unix daemon-xx- . here, you go first, you're immune to bullets-dd- . hey santa, can i have a copy of your naughty girls list-qq- . hey-xx- don't shoot that postal worker <bang-xx-> no carrier . hey, wake up-xx- it's time for your sleeping pills-dd- . hire teenagers while they still know everything-dd- . history is a set of lies agreed upon by the victors . honesty pays, but not enough for some-dd- . hong kong, son of king kong . honk if you love obscene gestures-dd- . horn busted-xx- watch for finger-dd--dd--dd- . hot water heaters: hot water needs heating-qq- . how can you be so deaf with those huge ears-qq- . how did i get round from eating square meals-qq- . how do women get minks-qq- same way minks get minks . how do you keep a turkey in suspense-qq- . i am correct, the rest of you are wrong-xx- . i am in total control, but don't tell my wife-dd- . i am not 40, i'm 18 with 22 years experience . i am not arguing with you, i'm telling you-dd- . i am not young enough to know everything-dd- . i am the shopping cart that nicks at your paint-job-dd- . i came, i saw, i confused-dd- . i can keep a secret-dd- it's the people i tell that can't . i can spell, i just can't type worth a hoot -xx- . i can't be overdrawn, i still have checks left-xx- . i don't have a solution but i really admire the problem-dd- . i don't have all the answers, just those that count-dd- . i don't own any slaves-dd- my wife has one, though-dd- . i gave up on my wife, and married my computer-dd- . i got everything but the part after "now listen closely"-dd- . i have a dirty mind, i mud wrestle with my conscience-dd- . i have a firm grip on reality-dd- now i can strangle it-dd- . i have been poor and i have been rich-dd- rich is better-dd- . i have but three enemies: fear, anger, ignorance-dd- . i have my wife on a 4 year lease with an option to buy-dd- . i have seen the data-dd--dd--dd-now bring me some i can agree with . i haven't lost my mind, it's backed up on disk . i idiot-proof my programs, & along comes a bigger idiot-dd- . i just took an iq test-dd- the results were negative-dd- . i like your approach, now let's see your departure . i love animals-xx- but they all seem to taste like chicken-dd- . i may be wrong, but i'm never in doubt-xx- . i may have my faults, but being wrong ain't one of them-dd- . i may have settled in shipping-dd- . i may look busy, but i'm just confused-xx- . i need a drink-dd--dd--dd-where's the space bar-qq- . i never get lost, just momentarily disoriented-dd- . i still miss my ex-wife - but my aim is improving-xx- . i think my learning curve has turned into a circle-dd- . i think, therefore i am, i think . i thought i was a wit, and i was half right-dd- . i tried to drown my sorrows, but they can swim-dd- . i tld yo, "nevertouch he flopy disk srface-xx-" . i used to jog, but the ice kept falling out of my glass-dd- . i was on a roll, till i slipped on the butter-dd- . i was so much older then, i'm younger than that now . i was talking during sex and my girlfriend hung up-dd- . i'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous . i'd love to, but i'm observing national apathy week-dd- . i'd love to, but i'm teaching my ferret to yodel-dd- . i'd love to, but i'm touring china with a wok band-dd- . i'd love to, but my bathroom tiles need grouting-dd- . i'd love to, but my favorite commercial is on tv-dd- . i'd love to, but my patent is pending-dd- . i'd love to, but my uncle escaped again-dd- . i'd love to, but the president said he might drop in-dd- . i'll get to it on the 2nd tuesday of next week-dd- . i'll have what the gentleman on the floor is having-dd- . i'm as confused as a baby at a topless bar-xx- . i'm buy-sexual, i have to pay for it-dd- . i'm easy to please as long as i get my way-dd- . i'm in shape -dd--dd--dd- round's a shape isn't it-qq- . i'm not a complete idiot - several parts are missing-dd- . i'm not afraid of flying, i'm afraid of crashing-dd- . i'm not afraid of heights; i'm afraid of widths-dd- . i'm not dead, i'm metabolically challenged-dd- . i'm not laughing at you, i'm laughing with you-xx- . i'm not lost, i'm "locationally challenged-dd-" . i'm not paranoid-xx- which of my enemies told you this-qq- . i'm not rude, i'm "attitudinally challenged"-dd- . i'm not spoiled-dd--dd--dd-i'm not, i'm not, i'm not-xx- . i'm not worthless-dd- i can always serve as a bad example-dd- . i'm sorry mrs-dd- bobbitt, you can't send that in the mail-dd- . i'm spending a year dead for tax purposes-dd- . i've met zucchini with more potential-dd- . i've seen condom vending machines, but this one installs-dd- . if ( original_ver == ok ) don't_upgrade(); . if (wife = "yes") then (money = "gone") else single . if a program is useful, it will have to be changed-dd- . if all goes well, you've overlooked something-xx- . if an experiment works, something has gone wrong . if at first you don't succeed, call it ver 1-dd-0 . if corn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil -dd- -dd- -dd- . if i save time, when do i get it back -qq- . if i throw a cat out the car window, is it kitty litter-qq- . if i want your opinion i'll beat it out of you-xx- . if ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy folks-qq- . if it jams, force it-dd--dd--dd--dd-if it breaks, it needed replacing . if it screams, it's not food, yet-dd--dd--dd--dd- . if it works, rip it apart and find out why-xx- . if it works, you must have done something wrong-dd- . if it's obvious, it's obviously wrong-dd- . if it's useless, it will have to be documented-dd- . if love is blind, lingerie makes great braille-dd- . if only women came with pull-down menus and on-line help-xx- . if screwups were dollars, i'd be a millionaire-xx--xx- . if she can't take the heat, get her out of the oven-xx- . if the thread ended in her jeans, should we follow it-qq- . if there is no god, who pops up the next kleenex-qq- . if things improve with age, i'm nearly magnificent-xx- . if two wrongs don't make a right, try three-dd- . if version 1-dd-0 works someone goofed-dd--dd--dd- . if you can't laugh at yourself -dd--dd--dd- i'll do it for you-dd- . if you can't make it good, make it big-dd- . if you can't make it good, make it expensive-dd- . if you have nothing to say, please only say it once-xx- . if you really want to know, you won't ask me-dd- . if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast-dd- . if you want her to show emotion, cut up her credit cards-dd- . if you want someone to keep a secret, keep it yourself-dd- . if you want the last word with a woman, apologize-dd- . in an attempt to kill a fly, i drove into a pole-dd- . in an empty head, you can hear forever-dd--dd--dd--dd- . in zen skiing, you learn to become one with the snow-dd- . include this in your config-dd-sys file: bugs=off . insanity is just a state of mind-dd- . insert disk 5 of 4 and press any key to continue . insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over-dd- . invest in negotiable blondes-dd--dd--dd- . it is always darkest just before you turn on the lights-dd- . it said "insert disk #3", but only 2 will fit-xx- . it was so cold, i almost got married-dd- . it wasn't my fault your wife wandered into my house-xx- . it's 10:00pm-dd- do you know where your daughter is-qq- . it's been a business doing pleasure with you-dd--dd--dd- . it's not a bug, it's an undocumented feature-xx- . it's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere-dd- . it's not the money i want, it's the stuff-dd- . it's not worth it-dd- i'm going back to bed-dd- . it's tagline poker-dd- can you beat eight aces-dd--dd--dd--qq- . its rarely fun, never easy, and always expensive-xx- . jesus saves-dd--dd--dd--dd-passes to moses-dd--dd--dd--dd-he shoots-xx- he scores-xx- . junk - stuff we throw away-dd- stuff - junk we keep-dd- . just got a new car for my wife-dd--dd--dd- great trade-dd--dd--dd- . just when you got it all figured out: an upgrade-xx- . just when you thought it was safe to go outside-dd--dd--dd- . kinky: using a feather-dd- sick: using the whole chicken . last night sex was so good the neighbors lit cigarettes-dd- . last words of socrates: "i drank what-qq--xx--qq--xx-" . lead me not into temptation, i can find my own way . life is a game-dd- money is how we keep score-dd- . life is not fair-dd--dd--dd-it is, however, quite a circus-dd- . life is short, eat dessert first-dd- . live long and prosper-dd--dd--dd- but don't let the irs know-dd- . lots of people make sense, i want to make $$$ . love is grand-dd- divorce is twenty grand-dd- . love of money is the root of all politics-dd- . lunatic asylum: where optimism most flourishes-dd- . luxuriantly hand-crafted from only the finest ascii-dd- . madness takes it's toll-dd- please have exact change-dd- . mail your ideas written on the back of a $20 bill to-dd--dd--dd- . may your screen live long and phosphor-dd- . maybe they'll send you a free upgrade-dd--dd--dd-not-xx- . me, indecisive-qq- i don't think i am, do you-qq- . memories of you remind me of you-dd- . microwave hint#3: make a hole in the turtle's shell first . minds, like parachutes, work best when open-dd- . misfortune: the kind of fortune that never misses-dd- . mistress: something between a mister and a matteress . money is like a promise, easier made then kept-dd- . money talks - mine says "goodbye" . multitasking = screwing up several things at once-dd- . my body's here, but my mind's on vacation-dd- . my boss is tempermental-dd- 50% temper and 50% mental-dd- . my wife loves me--it's the computer she hates-xx- . network management is like trying to herd cats-dd--dd--dd- . never fight with a bear in his own cave-dd- . never hit a man with glasses-dd- use your fist-xx- . never insult 7 men when all you're packing is a 6-shooter . never trust a person who says, "trust me"-dd--dd--dd--dd- . new religion-qq- i haven't used up the old one, yet-xx- . next time you wave, use all of your fingers-xx--xx- . no credit, bad credit-qq- no problem-dd- no money-qq- problem-dd- . no, no, nurse-xx- i said slip off his spectacles-xx--xx- . objects under t-shirt are larger than they appear-dd- . of all the people i've met, you're certainly one of 'em-dd- . of all the things i've lost, i miss my mind the most-xx- . of course i have backup tapes-xx- do you want last years-qq- . philosophy: unintelligible answers to insoluble problems . plagiarism is the sincerest form of flattery-dd- . plastic explosives will be appropriate later in the week-dd- . please affix a 29-cent stamp on your next message-dd- . please save the above drivel for future reference-xx- . please type your bank pin number in your reply again-dd- . politicians are like diapers, they need to be changed often-dd- . politicians cut red tape-dd--dd--dd--dd-lengthwise . polls show that 9 out of 6 schizophrenics agree-dd- . pornography-qq- i don't even have a pornograph-xx- . pretend to spank me -- i'm a pseudo-masochist-xx- . procrastination day has been postponed-xx- . professionals built the titanic, amateurs built the ark-dd- . programmers don't get sniffles, they get a code-dd- . proofread carefully to see if you any words out-xx- . public restroom-the only place a flush beats a full house . purranoia: the fear one's cats are up to something-dd- . put on your seatbelt-dd- i'm gonna try something new-dd- . reality is an obstacle to hallucination-dd- . resist everything but temptation-dd- . rudolph changed his nose to 500 watts-dd- blew a fuse-dd- . runtime error 6d at 417a:32cf: incompetent user-dd- . santa uses 'the club' in new york, a vest in florida-dd- . santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate clauses-dd- . scaldophobia: fear the toilet will flush while showering-dd- . schizophrenia beats being alone-dd- . seeing is believing, touching is convincing-dd--dd- . send $20 and i will doubble your iq or no money back . send me a dollar and i'll send 3 cents to your charity-dd- . sharks don't eat lawyers-dd- professional courtesy-dd- . she said she had nothing to wear-dd- i smiled-dd- . shock me, say something intelligent-xx- . should we tell the children when we move-qq- . sigmund's wife wore freudian slips-dd- . solve the problems of the world: vote anarchist-dd- . some days you're the windshield, some days the bug-dd- . still sliding down the razor blade of life . stipulation #1: there will be no stipulations . stop talking-xx- i'm out of aspirin-xx- . success is just a matter of luck-dd- ask any failure-dd- . sure i can help you out-xx- which way did you come in-qq- . swf, blonde bombshell, seeks man now-dd- no sysops-dd- . system halted-dd- there is nothing you can do-dd- . take my advice, i don't use it anyway-dd- . take no prisoners, we can't feed them-dd- . the above opinion is worth 2 cents-dd- . the best defense against logic is stupidity-dd- . the bigger they are, the harder they hit you-dd- . the check's in the mail-dd--dd--dd- trust me-xx- . the earth is 98% full-dd- please delete anyone you can-dd- . the girl of your dreams is unavailable except in print-dd- . the man who dies with the most toys is dead-dd--dd- . the most expensive component is the one that breaks-dd- . the negative orgasm: "oh no, ohh nooo, oh nooo -xx-" . the only dumb question is one you haven't asked yet-dd- . the tuna doesn't taste the same without the dolphin-dd- . the wise open their minds, but a fool opens his mouth-dd- . the world is coming to an end-dd- please log off properly-dd- . there are no bugs, only unrecognized features-dd- . there is no such thing as bravery; only degrees of fear-dd- . things working well, no problems-dd- time to upgrade-dd- . this building is so high, the elevator shows movies-dd- . this is your brain-dd- postscript on brain your is this-dd- . those with the weapons make the rules-dd- . three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead-dd- . tip #9: add device=fngrcros-dd-sys to config-dd-sys . to err is human, to forgive is against my policy . to err is human-dd- to moo is bovine-dd- . to every exception there is a rule-dd- . to get a loan you must prove you don't need it-dd- . to get the point, rub a porcupine backwards-dd- . to hell with criticism-dd- praise is good enough for me-dd- . to know the road ahead, ask those coming back-dd- . to our sweethearts and wives-dd- may they never meet-xx- . to test a man's character, give him power-dd- . today is a good day for you to jump in a lake-dd- . today is a good day to bribe a high--ranking official-dd- . today is cancelled due to lack of interest-xx- . today is the first day of the rest of your life-dd- . took an hour to bury the cat-dd- silly thing kept moving-dd--dd--dd- . trespassers will be shot, survivors will be shot again-xx- . two can live as cheaply as one, for half as long-dd- . unfortunately, wife 1-dd-0 is not upgradable . unsolicited advice answers unasked questions . unzip, expand, explode-dd--dd--dd- what pervert came up with this-qq- . veni, vedi, vcr: i came, i saw, i dubbed-dd- . want to confuse people-qq- quote from the wrong message-xx- . war never decides who is right, only who is left-dd- . we are born crying, live complaining, die disappointed . we give nothing as willingly as our advice-dd- . we have no solution, but we sure admire the problem-dd- . we make our own fortunes and call them our fate-dd- . we'll burn that bridge when we come to it-dd- . we're all sitting in the same boat: i fish, you row-dd- . we're lost but we're making good time-dd- . well, to be frank, i'd have to change my name-dd- . what are the instructions doing in the trash-qq--qq- . what are you looking down here for-qq- read the message-dd- . what if there were no hypothetical questions-qq- . what is this tiny hole in the bathroom wall for-qq- . what part of "no" didn't you understand-dd--dd--dd--qq- . what principles-qq- i'm trying to get elected-xx- . what was the best thing before sliced bread-qq- . when a cow laughs, does milk come up its nose-qq- . when a girl goes bad--men go right after her-dd- . when all else fails, read the directions-dd- . when all else fails, read the manual-dd- . when all else fails, spend money-xx- . when all else is lost, the future still remains-dd- . when all is said and done, more is said then done-dd- . when an agnostic dies, does he go to the great perhaps-qq- . when choosing between two evils, select the newer one-dd- . when i want your advice, i'll beat it out of you . when in doubt, mumble-dd- when in trouble, delegate-dd- . when talking nonsense try not to be serious-dd- . when your iq hits 21, sell-xx--xx- . who is general failure, and *why* is he reading my disk-qq- . why can't women put the toilet seat back up-qq- . why do those that pay the least complain the most-qq- . why get even, when you can get odd-qq- . wife to sleeping spouse: "wake up-xx- who the hell is tina-xx--xx--qq-" . windows speed tip: type del \windows\*-dd-* . without my ignorance, your knowledge would be meaningless . women prefer the simple things in life-dd--dd--dd-men-xx- . women take to good hearted men-dd- also from-dd- . women were meant to be loved, not understood-dd- . women who seek to be equal to men lack ambition-dd- . women who wear mini-skirts sure are cheeky folk-dd- . women-xx- cant live with them, cant live with them-xx- . words are not food, though sometimes we must eat them-dd- . world ends at 3pm; film at 5 on wlky early news-dd--dd--dd--dd- . worth seeing-qq- yes, but not worth going to see-dd- . would it help if i got out and pushed-qq- . would you like to have some pizza with that sausage-qq- . you are an example of why some animals eat their young-dd- . you are confused; but this is your normal state-dd- . you are in a maze of twisty little programs, all alike-dd- . you are in a maze of uucp connections, all alike-dd- . you can close your eyes to reality but not to memories-dd- . you can go home now, i can finish this without you-dd- . you can never get rid of a bad temper by losing it-dd- . you can pick your friends, but not your relatives-dd- . you can send me to college, but you can't make me think-dd- . you can trust the government-dd--dd--dd-ask any indian-dd- . you can turn any conversation into one about sex-xx- . you can't do that-dd- it's been digitally cursed-dd- . you go to heaven-dd--dd--dd-god sneezes-dd--dd--dd- what do you say-qq- . you have an important role as a negative example-dd- . you have been selected for a secret mission-dd- . you have mistaken me for someone who gives a damn . you have only a very small head and must live within it-dd- . you have pms and a handgun-qq- i'll go quietly-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd- . you have the right to remain silent-dd--dd--dd--dd- use it-xx- . you have to be sharp to be on the cutting edge-dd- . you have two choices for dinner: take it or leave it-dd- . you look like a million dollars-dd- all in loose change-dd- . you may use this opinion for a two week trial period-dd- . you used to be indecisive-dd- now you're not sure-dd- . you will be the victim of a bizarre joke-dd- . you will be told about it tomorrow-dd- go home and prepare . you will become rich and famous unless you don't-dd- . you will never be younger then you are today-dd--dd- . you would if you could but you can't so you won't-dd- . you're always seated by a crying child during long flights-dd- . you're not losing more hair, you're gaining more scalp-dd- . you're not old, you're chronologically disadvantaged . you're only young once-dd- you're immature forever-dd- . you're pc if you think a "chick" is a baby bird-dd- . you've obviously been educated beyond your intelligence-dd- . your aims are high, and you are incapable of much-dd- . your analyst has you confused with another patient-dd- . your boss is thinking about you-dd- . your ex just called-dd--dd--dd--dd-she's with the irs now-dd- . your weapon was made by the lowest bidder-xx- . one day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful-dd- sigmund freud . while there's life, there's hope-dd- cicero . to accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe-dd- anatole france . the hardest truth about hope: it makes you continue and it makes you suffer-dd- maxime lagac . you can't wait for inspiration-dd- you have to go after it with a club-dd- jack london . believe in your infinite potential-dd- your only limitations are those you set upon yourself-dd- roy t-dd- bennett . if you don't stand for something you will fall for anything-dd- gordon a-dd- eadie . success is most often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable-dd- coco chanel . be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm-dd- abraham lincoln . faith is to believe what you do not yet see; the reward for this faith is to see what you believe-dd- augustine of hippo . you must not lose faith in humanity-dd- humanity is like an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty-dd- mahatma gandhi . you gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face-dd- you must do the thing which you think you cannot do-dd- eleanor roosevelt . there is a crack in everything-dd- that's how the light gets in-dd- leonard cohen . hope is a waking dream-dd- aristotle . one lives in the hope of becoming a memory-dd- antonio porchia . he does not believe that does not live according to his belief-dd- sigmund freud . the two most powerful warriors are patience and time-dd- leo tolstoy . extreme hopes are born from extreme misery-dd- bertrand russell . only in the darkness can you see the stars-dd- martin luther king jr . follow your bliss and the universe will open doors for you where there were only walls-dd- joseph campbell . faith is about doing-dd- you are how you act, not just how you believe-dd- mitch albom . to live without hope is to cease to live-dd- fyodor dostoyevsky . hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul – and sings the tunes without the words – and never stops at all-dd- emily dickinson . you cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore-dd- william faulkner . i am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best-dd- benjamin disraeli . hope will never be silent-dd- harvey milk . there is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for-dd- j-dd-r-dd-r-dd- tolkien . believe in life-xx- always human beings will live and progress to greater, broader, and fuller life-dd- w-dd- e-dd- b-dd- du bois . we don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing-dd- george bernard shaw . there came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom-dd- anais nin . when you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on-dd- franklin d-dd- roosevelt . the first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn-dd- gloria steinem . so long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being-dd- henri-frederic amiel . life is a progress, and not a station-dd- ralph waldo emerson . growth itself contains the germ of happiness-dd- pearl s-dd- buck . the world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page-dd- augustine of hippo . the most important thing to remember is this: to be ready at any moment to give up what you are for what you might become-dd- w-dd- e-dd- b-dd- du bois . be curious, not judgmental-dd- walt whitman - . if you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid-dd- epictetus . change is what nature wants-dd- you are a part of nature-dd- what will you learn-qq- maxime lagac . where i was born and where and how i have lived is unimportant-dd- it is what i have done with where i have been that should be of interest-dd- georgia o'keeffe . travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness-dd- mark twain . don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors-dd- try to be better than yourself-dd- william faulkner . nothing behind me, everything ahead of me, as is ever so on the road-dd- jack kerouac . growing up is losing some illusions, in order to acquire others-dd- virginia woolf . it is better to create than to learn-xx- creating is the essence of life-dd- julius caesar . what is the point of being on this earth if you are going to be like everyone else and avoid trouble-qq- arnold schwarzenegger . if you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself-dd- norman vincent peale . i am always doing that which i can not do, in order that i may learn how to do it-dd- pablo picasso . order and simplification are the first steps toward the mastery of a subject-dd- thomas mann . nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced-dd- john keats . i cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what i can say is they must change if they are to get better-dd- georg c-dd- lichtenberg . to exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly-dd- henri bergson . change does not necessarily assure progress, but progress implacably requires change-dd- henry steele commager . you cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in-dd- heraclitus . to change one's life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions-dd- william james . things do not change, we change-dd- henry david thoreau . if you want to make enemies, try to change something-dd- woodrow wilson . if you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to-dd- lao tzu . the measure of intelligence is the ability to change-dd- albert einstein . if you will not rise above the things of the world, they will rise above you-dd- sri sathya sai baba . let's shake up some shit-dd- that's all you can do-dd- billie joe armstrong . the masses seek pleasure non-stop-dd- this is what people do when they are scared-dd- they avoid life and want to remain in their happy state-dd- life is change-dd- you are life-dd- accept this-dd- maxime lagac . we do not succeed in changing things according to our desire, but gradually our desire changes-dd- marcel proust . progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything-dd- george bernard shaw . there's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self-dd- aldoux huxley . the art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order-dd- alfred north whitehead . no person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow-dd- alice walker . life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through-dd- where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it-dd- this is a kind of death-dd- anais nin . if you don't like the way the world is, you change it-dd- you have an obligation to change it you just do it one step at a time-dd- marian wright edelman . the future has a way of arriving unannounced-dd- george will . they say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself-dd- andy warhol . how wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world-dd- anne frank . life is a process-dd- we are a process-dd- the universe is a process-dd- anne wilson scaef . become a student of change-dd- it is the only thing that will remain constant-dd- anthony j-dd- d'angelo . change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal-dd- arthur schopenhauer . change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time-dd- we are the ones we've been waiting for-dd- we are the change that we seek-dd- barack obama . the important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become-dd- charles dubois . all change is not growth; as all movement is not forward-dd- ellen glasgow . the only wealth which you will keep forever is the wealth you have given away-dd- marcus aurelius . liberate the minds of men and ultimately you will liberate the bodies of men-dd- marcus garvey . you will be as much value to others as you have been to yourself-dd- marcus tullius cicero . remember you will not always win-dd- some days, the most resourceful individual will taste defeat-dd- but there is, in this case, always tomorrow – after you have done your best to achieve success today-dd- maxwell maltz . get excited and enthusiastic about you own dream-dd- this excitement is like a forest fire – you can smell it, taste it, and see it from a mile away-dd- denis waitley . no man or woman is an island-dd- to exist just for yourself is meaningless-dd- you can achieve the most satisfaction when you feel related to some greater purpose in life, something greater than yourself-dd- denis waitley . you can calculate the worth of a man by the number of his enemies-dd- gustave flaubert . you cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight-dd- jim rohn . do well and you will have no need for ancestors-dd- voltaire . that man is a success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much-dd- robert louis stevenson . to have external success, start with internal success-dd- maxime lagac . the most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire-dd- marshall ferdinand foch . if a little dreaming is dangerous, the cure for it is not to dream less but to dream more, to dream all the time-dd- marcel proust . some men see things as they are and say, ‘why-qq-' i dream of things that never were and say, ‘why not-qq-' george bernard shaw . you'll never change your life until you change something you do daily-dd- the secret of your success is found in your daily routine-dd- john c-dd- maxwell . don't think about what can happen in a month-dd- don't think about what can happen in a year-dd- just focus on the 24 hours in front of you and do what you can to get closer to where you want to be-dd- . it is now how good you are, it's how good you want to be-dd- unknown . when you're not concerned with succeeding, you can work with complete freedom-dd- larry david . feed your body-dd- feed your soul-dd- feed your dream-dd- bust out-xx- awiakta . without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities-dd- dreaming, after all, is a form of planning-dd- gloria steinem . dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men-dd- johann wolfgang von goethe . if you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it-dd- william james . success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something-dd- soon it becomes a reality-dd- act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results-dd- william james . reduce your plan to writing-dd- the moment you complete this, you will have definitely given concrete form to the intangible desire-dd- napoleon hill . no matter what challenges or setbacks and disappointments you may encounter along the way, you will find true success and happiness if you have only one goal-dd- there really is only one-dd- and that is this: to fulfill the highest most truthful expression of yourself as a human being-dd- you want to max out your humanity by using your energy to lift yourself up, your family and the people around you-dd- oprah winfrey . the most successful people are those who are good at plan b-dd- james yorke . anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination-dd- oscar wilde . some are born great, others achieve greatness-dd- william shakespeare . if you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible-dd- epictetus . seek not greatness, but seek truth and you will find both-dd- horace mann . nothing is more powerful than an idea whose time has come-dd- victor hugo . in dreams begin responsibilities-dd- w-dd- b-dd- yeats . to be prepared is half the victory-dd- miguel de cervantes . there is no greatness where there is no simplicity, goodness and truth-dd- leo tolstoy . the only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to achieve this success-qq- larry flynt . help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours-dd- les brown . work in silence-dd- let your success be your noise-dd- unknown . be loyal to those are not present-dd- in doing so, you build the trust of those who are present-dd- stephen covey . if you want to change the culture, you will have to start by changing the organization-dd- mary douglas . you don't know what you can get away with until you try-dd- colin powell . ten soldiers wisely led will beat a hundred without a head-dd- euripides . you can start right where you stand and apply the habit of going the extra mile by rendering more service and better service than you are now being paid for-dd- napoleon hill . the world always seems brighter when you've just made something that wasn't there before-dd- neil gaiman . whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect-dd- mark twain . for the strength of the pack is the wolf, and the strength of the wolf is the pack-dd- rudyard kipling . an artist is a creature driven by demons-dd- he doesn't know why they choose him and he's usually too busy to wonder why-dd- william faulkner . i must create a system, or be enslaved by another man's-dd- i will not reason and compare: my business is to create-dd- william blake . the only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion-dd- albert camus . to do a dull thing with style-now that's what i call art-dd- charles bukowski . pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work-dd- aristotle . life grants nothing to us mortals without hard work-dd- horace . remember: nobody said it would be easy-dd- maxime lagac . the goal is to create something so useful that people will have no choice but to tell their friends-dd- maxime lagac . people buy an experience and a feeling, not your product or service-dd- thus, what experience are you selling to your clients-qq- maxime lagac . you have to be a good individual first before you can be a good team player-dd- david goggins . what you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make-dd- jane goodall . in the modern world of business, it is useless to be a creative, original thinker unless you can also sell what you create-dd- david ogilvy . earn with your mind, not your time-dd- naval ravikant . love and work… work and love, that's all there is-dd- sigmund freud . love is dynamic, ever changing and all over the place all the time-dd- only those who transcends themselves knows this-dd- maxime lagac . a loving heart is the truest wisdom-dd- charles dickens . if you have the ability to love, love yourself first-dd- charles bukowski . the supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved-dd- victor hugo . if you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded-dd- maya angelou . if you give, you will be blessed-dd- joel osteen . be loving towards yourself, then you will be able to love others too-dd- osho . if you can grow in love, you will grow in awareness-dd- if you grow in awareness, you will grow in love-dd- osho . as we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them-dd- john f-dd- kennedy . if you are still looking for that one person who will change your life, take a look in the mirror-dd- roman price . we love the things we love for what they are-dd- robert frost . never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary-dd- oscar wilde . if you want to be loved, be lovable-dd- ovid . if you judge people, you have no time to love them-dd- mother teresa . owning our story and loving ourselves through that process is the bravest thing that we'll ever do-dd- bren brown . be the love you never received-dd- unknown . pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence-dd- henry david thoreau . if you are not too long, i will wait here for you all my life-dd- oscar wilde . men always want to be a woman's first love – women like to be a man's last romance-dd- oscar wilde . keep love in your heart-dd- a life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead-dd- oscar wilde . work on being in love with the person in the mirror who has been through so much but is still standing-dd- unknown . never stop showing someone how much they mean to you-dd- unknown . the best kiss is the one that has been exchanged a thousand times between the eyes before it reaches the lips-dd- unknown . being with you and not being with you is the only way i have to measure time-dd- jorge luis borges . blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken-dd- albert camus . when you love someone, you love the person as they are, and not as you'd like them to be-dd- leo tolstoy . all, everything that i understand, i understand only because i love-dd- leo tolstoy . we loved with a love that was more than love-dd- edgar allan poe . you cannot find peace by avoiding life-dd- virginia woolf . blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed-dd- alexander pope . if you expect nothing from anybody, you're never disappointed-dd- sylvia plath . not what we have but what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance-dd- epicurus . do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for-dd- epicurus . the best part about life-qq- every morning you have a new opportunity to become a happier version of yourself-dd- unknown . being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect-dd- it means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections-dd- unknown . to be happy, we must not be too concerned with others-dd- albert camus . gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others-dd- cicero . don't be in such a rush to figure everything out-dd- embrace the unknown and let your life surprise you-dd- . if you seek tranquility, do less-dd- or do what's essential – what the logos of a social being requires, and in the requisite way-dd- which brings a double satisfaction: to do less, better-dd- because most of what we say and do is not essential-dd- if you can eliminate it, you'll have more time, and more tranquility-dd- ask yourself at every moment, ‘is this necessary-qq-' marcus aurelius . you can discard most of the junk that clutters your mind – things that exist only there – and clear out space for yourself-dd- marcus aurelius . your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again-dd- joseph campbell . i still remember the days i prayed for the things i have now-dd- unknown . remain calm, serene, always in command of yourself-dd- you will then find out how easy it is to get along-dd- paramahansa yogananda . learn to be calm and you will always be happy-dd- paramahansa yogananda . the most valuable possession you can own is an open heart-dd- the most powerful weapon you can be is an instrument of peace-dd- carlos santana . we cannot change anything until we accept it-dd- condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses-dd- carl jung . do anything, but let it produce joy-dd- walt whitman . there are two ways to be happy: change the situation, or change your mindset towards it-dd- unknown . don't ruin a good today by thinking about a bad yesterday-dd- let it go-dd- unknown . as long as you are being true to yourself, you will always find happiness-dd- amber riley . if you cannot find peace within yourself, you will never find it anywhere else-dd- marvin gaye . if you look for perfection, you'll never be content-dd- leo tolstoy . silent gratitude isn't very much use to anyone-dd- gertrude stein . there is a quiet place where no one disturbs you-dd- marlene dietrich . he who sings scares away his woes-dd- miguel de cervantes . nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart-dd- seneca . what if you already have happiness inside you-qq- what if it's about desiring less and accepting more-qq- what if you remove your perceptions of what happiness should be-qq- maxime lagac . he is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature-dd- socrates . the fullest people, the people most whole and most alive, are always those unafraid and unashamed of the soul-dd- maria popova (brainpickings-dd-org) . happiness is beneficial for the body, but it is grief that develops the powers of the mind-dd- marcel proust . happiness is like those palaces in fairy tales whose gates are guarded by dragons: we must fight in order to conquer it-dd- alexandre dumas . youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty-dd- anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old-dd- franz kafka . never let the future disturb you-dd- you will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present-dd- marcus aurelius . if you stand for something you will have people for you and people against you-dd- but if you stand for nothing you will have nobody for you and nobody against you-dd- maurice saatchi . resolve that whatever you do, you will bring the whole man to it; that you will fling the whole weight of your being into it-dd- orison swett marden . it is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit-dd- harry s-dd- truman . whatever you think you can do or believe you can do, begin it-dd- action has magic, grace and power in it-dd- johann wolfgang von goethe . accept yourself as you are-dd- otherwise you will never see opportunity-dd- you will not feel free to move toward it; you will feel you are not deserving-dd- maxwell maltz . if you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self-dd- napoleon hill . swallow your pride, you will not die, it's not poison-dd- bob dylan . it's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters-dd- epictetus . no man is free who is not master of himself-dd- epictetus . know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly-dd- epictetus . the more you know yourself, the less you have something to prove, the more you can relax-dd- maxime lagac . having character is not about pretending-dd- it's about seeking what's truly important for you-dd- it's about the truth-dd- maxime lagac . the only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes “awww-xx--dd- jack kerouac . the free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it – basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them-dd- charles bukowski . don't bend; don't water it down; don't try to make it logical; don't edit your own soul according to the fashion-dd- rather, follow your most intense obsessions mercilessly-dd- franz kafka . always go with the choice that scares you the most, because that's the one that is going to help you grow-dd- unknown . to be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best day and night to make you like everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting-dd- e-dd-e-dd- cummings . we are already one-dd- but we imagine that we are not-dd- and what we have to recover is our original unity-dd- what we have to be is what we are-dd- thomas merton . learn to say ‘no' without explaining yourself-dd- unknown . stay patient and trust your journey-dd- unknown . someday, everything will make perfect sense-dd- so for now, laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears, and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason-dd- unknown . beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself-dd- coco chanel . everything that happens happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so-dd- marcus aurelius . what you hear repeatedly you will eventually believe-dd- michael korda . when your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve-dd- napoleon hill . act the part and you will become the part-dd- william james . begin to be now what you will be hereafter-dd- william james . do you wish to rise-qq- begin by descending-dd- you plan a tower that will pierce the clouds-qq- lay first the foundation of humility-dd- augustine of hippo . waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be-dd- be one-dd- marcus aurelius . re-examine all that you have been told… dismiss that which insults your soul-dd- walt whitman . no legacy is so rich as honesty-dd- william shakespeare . doubt whom you will, but never yourself-dd- christian nestell bovee . knowing what you can not do is more important than knowing what you can do-dd- in fact, that's good taste-dd- lucille ball . when you think you're good, you will play at that level-dd- if you doubt yourself, you will play like crap-dd- kurt russell . if you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve-dd- lao tzu . if you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams-dd- les brown . you have power over your mind – not outside events-dd- realize this, and you will find strength-dd- marcus aurelius . failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor-dd- truman capote . the world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places-dd- ernest hemingway . courage is grace under pressure-dd- ernest hemingway . have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace-dd- victor hugo . life will only change when you become more committed to your dreams than your comfort zone-dd- unknown . magic happens when you do not give up, even though you want to-dd- the universe always falls in love with a stubborn heart-dd- unknown . what if you try one more time and it works-qq- maxime lagac . a life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing-dd- george bernard shaw . experience is simply the name we give our mistakes-dd- oscar wilde . don't worry about losing-dd- if it is right, it happens – the main thing is not to hurry-dd- nothing good gets away-dd- john steinbeck . you can only fight the way you practice-dd- miyamoto musashi . the more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it-dd- jean-paul sartre . mistakes are the portals of discovery-dd- james joyce . you do not write your life with words… you write it with actions-dd- what you think is not important-dd- it is only important what you do-dd- patrick ness . in the depth of winter, i finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer-dd- albert camus . keep your face always toward the sunshine – and shadows will fall behind you-dd- walt whitman . do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking-dd- w-dd- b-dd- yeats . if you fell down yesterday, stand up today-dd- h-dd- g-dd- wells . experience is the teacher of all things-dd- julius caesar . the one who falls and gets up is so much stronger than the one who never fell-dd- unknown . without rain nothing grows-dd- learn to embrace the storms of your life-dd- unknown . you can chain me, you can torture me, you can even destroy this body, but you will never imprison my mind-dd- mahatma gandhi . there is a direct correlation between an increased sphere of comfort and getting what you want-dd- tim ferriss . you may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them-dd- maya angelou . do not fear mistakes-dd- you will know failure-dd- continue to reach out-dd- benjamin franklin . you can always find the sun within yourself if you will only search-dd- maxwell maltz . the greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually fear you will make one-dd- navjot singh sidhu . stand up to your obstacles and do something about them-dd- you will find that they haven't half the strength you think they have-dd- norman vincent peale . courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you can't practice any other virtue consistently-dd- you can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage-dd- maya angelou . you cannot escape necessities, but you can overcome them-dd- seneca . you have to be able to tolerate what you don't necessarily like so you can be free-dd- larry flynt . i survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me-dd- unknown . it takes courage to grow up and become who you really are-dd- e-dd-e-dd- cummings . you will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of-dd- you will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life-dd- albert camus . if you're afraid to die, you will not be able to live-dd- james a-dd- baldwin . that it will never come again is what makes life so sweet-dd- emily dickinson . what we achieve inwardly will change outer reality-dd- plutarch . take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop-dd- ovid . i can never read all the books i want; i can never be all the people i want and live all the lives i want-dd- i can never train myself in all the skills i want-dd- and why do i want-qq- i want to live and feel all the shades, tones and variations of mental and physical experience possible in my life-dd- and i am horribly limited-dd- sylvia plath . better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age-dd- james joyce . it is necessary to have wished for death in order to know how good it is to live-dd- alexandre dumas . just trust yourself, then you will know how to live-dd- johann wolfgang von goethe . plunge boldly into the thick of life, and seize it where you will, it is always interesting-dd- johann wolfgang von goethe . the more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have-dd- norman vincent peale . listening to your own heart, you will start moving in the right direction, without ever thinking of what is right and what is wrong-dd- osho . listen to the new, go with the new-dd- i know you are afraid-dd- in spite of the fear, go with the new, and your life will become richer and richer and you will be able one day to release your imprisoned splendor-dd- osho . you have to have a dream so you can get up in the morning-dd- billy wilder . you can change your world by changing your words… remember, death and life are in the power of the tongue-dd- joel osteen . as is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters-dd- seneca . maybe that's what life is… a wink of the eye and winking stars-dd- jack kerouac . beware the barrenness of a busy life-dd- socrates . life is the sum of all your choices-dd- albert camus . your life is a cloud-dd- sometimes you'll feel sad and cry-dd- sometimes you'll feel free and move fast-dd- maxime lagac . the proper function of man is to live, not to exist-dd- i shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them-dd- i shall use my time-dd- jack london . life is all about balance-dd- you don't always need to be getting stuff done-dd- sometimes it's perfectly okay, and absolutely necessary, to shut down, kick back, and do nothing-dd- lori deschene . you have to be odd to be number one-dd- dr-dd- seuss . my father used to say, “don't raise your voice improve your argument-dd- unknown . when thinking about life, remember this: no amount of guild can change the past, and no amount of anxiety can change the future-dd- unknown . i do not believe in taking the right decision, i take a decision and make it right-dd- muhammad ali jinnah . people cry, not because they're weak-dd- it's because they've been strong for too long-dd- johnny depp . the first to apologize is the bravest-dd- the first to forgive is the strongest-dd- the first to forget is the happiest-dd- unknown . fear, pain, envy, sadness, frustration-dd- your natural reaction will be to replace them and seek pleasure-dd- don't do that-dd- instead, understand them-dd- they can teach you something and it could be useful-dd- maxime lagac . say no to small short-term gains so you can say yes to massive long-term gains-dd- maxime lagac . coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving-dd- terry pratchett . if you think, then you will be prepared-dd- if you are prepared, then you will have no worries-dd- li ka shing . you will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger-dd- buddha . i long to accomplish a great and noble tasks, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble-dd- the world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker-dd- helen keller . the most important things are the hardest to say, because words diminish them-dd- stephen king . saying nothing sometimes says the most-dd- emily dickinson . to be blind is not miserable; not to be able to bear blindness, that is miserable-dd- john milton . do not speak of your happiness to one less fortunate than yourself-dd- plutarch . know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly-dd- plutarch . genius might be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way-dd- charles bukowski . truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all-dd- ralph waldo emerson . a man who fears suffering is already suffering from what he fears-dd- michel de montaigne . nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know-dd- michel de montaigne . think like a wise man but communicate in the language of the people-dd- w-dd-b-dd- yeats . if you make friends with yourself you will never be alone-dd- maxwell maltz . we are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be-dd- kurt vonnegut . a harmful truth is better than a useful lie-dd- thomas mann . if you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything-dd- mark twain . please all, and you will please none-dd- aesop . the wisest men follow their own direction-dd- euripides . better to have, and not need, than to need, and not have-dd- franz kafka . you are free, and that is why you are lost-dd- franz kafka . from a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back-dd- that is the point that must be reached-dd- franz kafka . someday, somehow, this will all make sense-dd- maxime lagac . we shall not cease from exploration-dd- and the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time-dd- t-dd-s-dd- eliot . rise to the level of your ideals, not the average of your environment-dd- the stoic emperor . there is no great genius without a mixture of madness-dd- aristotle . what we call the beginning is often the end-dd- and to make an end is to make a beginning-dd- the end is where we start from-dd- t-dd-s-dd- eliot . cynicism is easy-dd- mimicry is easy-dd- optimistic contrarians are the rarest breed-dd- naval ravikant . we are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that death will tremble to take us-dd- charles bukowski . unless you believe, you will not understand-dd- augustine of hippo . you will always find an answer in the sound of water-dd- zhuangzi . you attract what you are, not what you want-dd- unknown . i focused so hard on what i wanted that i lost sight of what i deserved-dd- unknown . sometimes when things are falling apart they may actually be falling into place-dd- unknown . let it all go-dd- see what stays-dd- unknown . anything i come across that feels impossible, i probably need to take a second look-dd- joe gebbia (co-founder airbnb) . the two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why-dd- mark twain . too much sanity may be madness and the maddest of all, to see life as it is and not as it should be-dd- miguel de cervantes . every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness-dd- samuel beckett . the less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be-dd- bruce lee . some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again-dd- c-dd-s-dd- lewis . goodness makes greatness truly valuable, and greatness make goodness much more serviceable-dd- matthew henry . you must realize that one day you will die-dd- until then you are worthless-dd- chuck palahniuk . do not think you will necessarily be aware of your own enlightenment-dd- dogen . do not judge, and you will never be mistaken-dd- jean jacques rousseau . do not ask for what you will wish you had not got-dd- seneca . if you suddenly stumble upon the right door, you will not be able to recognize that it is right-dd- osho . you have to die a few times before you can really live-dd- charles bukowski . live so that you can at least get the benefit of the doubt-dd- kin hubbard . to find yourself, think for yourself-dd- socrates . always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much-dd- oscar wilde . sometimes a cigar is just a cigar-dd- sigmund freud . we are all born mad-dd- some remain so-dd- samuel beckett . always do sober what you said you'd do drunk-dd- that will teach you to keep your mouth shut-dd- ernest hemingway . i have measured out my life with coffee spoons-dd- t-dd-s-dd- eliot . some people never go crazy-dd- what truly horrible lives they must lead-dd- charles bukowski . life has a way of testing a person's will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen at once-dd- paulo coelho . i became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity-dd- edgar allan poe . embrace the glorious mess that you are-dd- elizabeth gilbert . the most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not ‘eureka-xx-' (i've found it-xx-), but ‘that's funny…'-dd- . i don't want to go to heaven-dd- none of my friends are there-dd- oscar wilde . stories of imagination tend to upset those without one-dd- terry pratchett . i learned long ago, never to wrestle with a pig-dd- you get dirty, and besides, the pig likes it-dd- george bernard shaw . i tell you, we are here on earth to fart around, and don't let anybody tell you different-dd- . wrinkles mean you laughed, grey hair means you care and scars mean you lived-dd- unknown . a bad attitude is like a flat tire, you can't get very far until you change it-dd- unknown . speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret-dd- ambrose bierce . if you are money, then, when you die, you will be spent-dd- rich cohen . you can only be young once-dd- but you can always be immature-dd- dave barry . i have great faith in fools – self-confidence my friends will call it-dd- edgar allan poe . get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please-dd- mark twain . drag your thoughts away from your troubles… by the ears, by the heels, or any other way you can manage it-dd- mark twain . the only thing you can get in a hurry is trouble-dd- navjot singh sidhu . it's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog-dd- mark twain . show me a man with a tattoo and i'll show you a man with an interesting past-dd- jack london . it's not bragging if you can back it up-dd- muhammad ali . feet, what do i need them for if i have wings to fly-dd- frida kahlo . your mind is a powerful thing-dd- when you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change-dd- unknown . it will be the toughest thing you'll ever do, but your heart is never wrong-dd- maxime lagac . never let the odds keep you from doing what you know in your heart you were meant to do-dd- h-dd- jackson brown jr . my message to you is simple, keep believing, keep marching, keep building, keep raising your voice-dd- barack obama . once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit-dd- e-dd-e-dd- cummings . i want to stay as close to the edge as i can without going over-dd- out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can't see from the center-dd- kurt vonnegut . if you take risks and face your fate with dignity, there is nothing you can do that makes you small; if you don't take risks, there is nothing you can do that makes you grand, nothing-dd- nassim nicholas taleb . what lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us-dd- henry stanley haskins . we did not come to fear the future-dd- we came here to shape it-dd- barack obama . at the end of the day it's not about what you have or even what you've accomplished… it's about who you've lifted up, who you've made better, it's about what you've given back-dd- denzel washington . act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic-dd- dale carnegie . we don't rise to the level of our expectations-dd- we fall to the level of our training-dd- archilochus . if the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is: infinite-dd- william blake . i took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart-dd- i am, i am, i am-dd- sylvia plath . you will find poetry nowhere unless you bring some of it with you-dd- joseph joubert . and above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places-dd- those who don't believe in magic will never find it-dd- roald dahl . breathe, it's just a bad day, not a bad life-dd- unknown . the mind is like an iceberg, it floats with one-seventh of its bulk above water-dd- sigmund freud . build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day-dd- set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life-dd- terry pratchett . the real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes-dd- marcel proust . abandon yourself to the moment, and you will find every day new openings, new light, new insight-dd- and those new insights will go on changing you-dd- one day, suddenly you will see you are each moment new-dd- osho . you have to be able to tolerate what you don't necessarily like so you can be free-dd- larry flynt . i believe that man will not merely endure; he will prevail-dd- william faulkner . what good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness-dd- john steinbeck . you make your own luck if you stay at it long enough-dd- naval ravikant . if you can imagine it, we can make it-dd- john dykstra . either get busy living or get busy dying-dd- stephen king . you change the world by being yourself-dd- yoko ono . the only way round is through-dd- robert frost . seek life, not comfort-dd- maxime lagac . pain or love or danger makes you real again-dd- jack kerouac . begin, be bold and venture to be wise-dd- horace . we are our choices-dd- jean-paul sartre . a goal should scare you a little and excite you a lot-dd- joe vitale . your big opportunity may be right where you are now-dd- napoleon hill . only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go-dd- t-dd-s-dd- eliot . one day or day one-dd- you decide-dd- unknown . i didn't come this far, to only come this far-dd- unknown . prove them wrong-dd- unknown . don't tell people your dreams-dd- show them-dd- unknown . you can be happy where you are-dd- joel osteen . an ounce of action is worth a ton of theory-dd- friedrich engels . they can because they think they can-dd- virgil . fortune sides with him who dares-dd- virgil . life begins on the other side of despair-dd- jean-paul sartre . resist much, obey little-dd- walt whitman . men must live and create-dd- live to the point of tears-dd- albert camus . live, travel, adventure, bless, and don't be sorry-dd- jack kerouac . and your very flesh shall be a great poem-dd- walt whitman . our true nationality is mankind-dd- h-dd- g-dd- wells . diligence is the mother of good fortune-dd- miguel de cervantes . in a gentle way, you can shake the world-dd- mahatma gandhi . the secret of getting ahead is getting started-dd- mark twain . ever tried-dd- ever failed-dd- no matter-dd- try again-dd- fail again-dd- fail better-dd- samuel beckett . you will become as small as your controlling desire; as great as you dominant aspiration-dd- james allen . although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it-dd- helen keller . the only way to do great work is to love what you do-dd- if you haven't found it yet, keep looking-dd- don't settle-dd- as with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it-dd- steve jobs . ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you-dd- jesus christ . a ship is always safe a shore but that is not what it's built for-dd- albert einstein . shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars-dd- les brown . always do your best-dd- what you plant now, you will harvest later-dd- og mandino . when you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it-dd- jim rohn . if you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else-dd- laurence j-dd- peter . if you can dream it, then you can achieve it-dd- you will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want-dd- zig ziglar . not all those who wander are lost-dd- j-dd- r-dd- r-dd- tolkien . don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do-dd- john wooden . if you don't like something, change it-dd- if you can't change it, change your attitude-dd- maya angelou . in order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd-dd- miguel de cervantes . some men see things as they are and ask why-dd- others dream things that never were and ask why not-dd- george bernard shaw . you don't need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step-dd- martin luther king jr . all for one and one for all-dd- alexandre dumas . we are what we repeatedly do-dd- excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit-dd- aristotle . life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well-dd- jack london . try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value-dd- albert einstein . whether you believe you can do a thing or not, you are right-dd- henry ford . live your beliefs and you can turn the world around-dd- henry david thoreau . you have to risk going too far to discover just how far you can really go-dd- jim rohn . that which does not kill us makes us stronger-dd- friedrich nietzsche . he who has a why to live can bear almost any how-dd- friedrich nietzsche . be yourself; everyone else is already taken-dd- oscar wilde . if you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary-dd- jim rohn . learn to say ‘no' to the good so you can say ‘yes' to the best-dd- john c-dd- maxwell . great things never came from comfort zones-dd- neil strauss . i have the choice of being constantly active and happy or introspectively passive and sad-dd- or i can go mad by ricocheting in between-dd- sylvia plath . when you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun-dd- and when you have fun, you can do amazing things-dd- joe namath . if you want something you never had, you have to do something you've never done-dd- thomas jefferson . there is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self-dd- ernest hemingway . understand: you are one of a kind-dd- your character traits are a kind of chemical mix that will never be repeated in history-dd- there are ideas unique to you, a specific rhythm and perspective that are your strengths, not your weaknesses-dd- you must not be afraid of your uniqueness-dd- robert greene . you are the person you have been waiting for-dd- joe dispenza . if you're willing to bleed a little every day, you may win big later-dd- naval ravikant . extreme people get extreme results-dd- sam altman . the greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself-dd- michel de montaigne . the easiest way to change the world is to change yourself-dd- maxime lagac . take your time, play the long game, embrace the boring, the difficulties, the uncomfortable-dd- this is how it will happen-dd- maxime lagac . great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion-dd- jack kerouac . adversity reveals genius, prosperity conceals it-dd- horace . i would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet-dd- jack london . don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant-dd- robert louis stevenson . never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat-dd- f-dd- scott fitzgerald . from error to error one discovers the entire truth-dd- sigmund freud . begin now to be what you will be hereafter-dd- saint jerome . we have to do the best we are capable of-dd- this is our sacred human responsibility-dd- albert einstein . you have as much laughter as you have faith-dd- martin luther . the brain is wider than the sky-dd- emily dickinson . two roads diverged in a wood, and i took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference-dd- robert frost . if you are free, you need to free somebody else-dd- if you have some power, then your job is to empower somebody else-dd- toni morrison . listen, smile, agree, and then do whatever the fuck you were doing to do anyway-dd- robert downey jr . magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen-dd- johann wolfgang von goethe . the world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper-dd- w-dd-b-dd- yeats . it is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves-dd- william shakespeare . we are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars-dd- oscar wilde . learn to sell-dd- learn to build-dd- if you can do both, you will be unstoppable-dd- naval ravikant . difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations-dd- unknown . paths are made by walking-dd- franz kafka . we know what we are, but know not what we may be-dd- william shakespeare . i exist as i am, that is enough-dd- walt whitman . little by little, one travels far-dd- j-dd- r-dd- r-dd- tolkien . the scariest moment is always just before you start-dd- stephen king . who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes-dd- carl jung . every next level of your life will demand a different you . Every next level of your life will demand a different you-dd- . Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes-dd- Carl Jung . The scariest moment is always just before you start-dd- Stephen King . Little by little, one travels far-dd- J-dd- R-dd- R-dd- Tolkien . I exist as I am, that is enough-dd- Walt Whitman . We know what we are, but know not what we may be-dd- William Shakespeare . Paths are made by walking-dd- Franz Kafka . Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations-dd- Unknown . Learn to sell-dd- Learn to build-dd- If you can do both, you will be unstoppable-dd- Naval Ravikant . We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars-dd- Oscar Wilde . Begin now to be what you will be hereafter-dd- Saint Jerome . We have to do the best we are capable of-dd- This is our sacred human responsibility-dd- Albert Einstein . You have as much laughter as you have faith-dd- Martin Luther . The brain is wider than the sky-dd- Emily Dickinson . Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference-dd- Robert Frost . If you are free, you need to free somebody else-dd- If you have some power, then your job is to empower somebody else-dd- Toni Morrison . Listen, smile, agree, and then do whatever the fuck you were doing to do anyway-dd- Robert Downey Jr . Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper-dd- W-dd-B-dd- Yeats . It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves-dd- William Shakespeare . If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary-dd- Jim Rohn . Learn to say ‘no’ to the good so you can say ‘yes’ to the best-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Great things never came from comfort zones-dd- Neil Strauss . I have the choice of being constantly active and happy or introspectively passive and sad-dd- Or I can go mad by ricocheting in between-dd- Sylvia Plath . When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun-dd- And when you have fun, you can do amazing things-dd- Joe Namath . If you want something you never had, you have to do something you’ve never done-dd- Thomas Jefferson . There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Understand: you are one of a kind-dd- Your character traits are a kind of chemical mix that will never be repeated in history-dd- There are ideas unique to you, a specific rhythm and perspective that are your strengths, not your weaknesses-dd- You must not be afraid of your uniqueness-dd- Robert Greene . You are the person you have been waiting for-dd- Joe Dispenza . If you’re willing to bleed a little every day, you may win big later-dd- Naval Ravikant . Extreme people get extreme results-dd- Sam Altman . The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . The easiest way to change the world is to change yourself-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Take your time, play the long game, embrace the boring, the difficulties, the uncomfortable-dd- This is how it will happen-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion-dd- Jack Kerouac . Adversity reveals genius, prosperity conceals it-dd- Horace . I would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet-dd- Jack London . Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . From error to error one discovers the entire truth-dd- Sigmund Freud (This is one of my favorite inspirational quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . In a gentle way, you can shake the world-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The secret of getting ahead is getting started-dd- Mark Twain . Ever tried-dd- Ever failed-dd- No matter-dd- Try again-dd- Fail again-dd- Fail better-dd- Samuel Beckett . You will become as small as your controlling desire; as great as you dominant aspiration-dd- James Allen . Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it-dd- Helen Keller . The only way to do great work is to love what you do-dd- If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking-dd- Don’t settle-dd- As with all matters of the heart, you’ll know when you find it-dd- Steve Jobs . Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you-dd- Jesus Christ . A ship is always safe a shore but that is not what it’s built for-dd- Albert Einstein . Shoot for the moon and if you miss you will still be among the stars-dd- Les Brown . Always do your best-dd- What you plant now, you will harvest later-dd- Og Mandino . When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it-dd- Jim Rohn . If you don’t know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else-dd- Laurence J-dd- Peter . If you can dream it, then you can achieve it-dd- You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want-dd- Zig Ziglar . Not all those who wander are lost-dd- J-dd- R-dd- R-dd- Tolkien . Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do-dd- John Wooden . If you don’t like something, change it-dd- If you can’t change it, change your attitude-dd- Maya Angelou . In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . Some men see things as they are and ask why-dd- Others dream things that never were and ask why not-dd- George Bernard Shaw . You don’t need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . All for one and one for all-dd- Alexandre Dumas . We are what we repeatedly do-dd- Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit-dd- Aristotle . Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well-dd- Jack London . Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value-dd- Albert Einstein . Whether you believe you can do a thing or not, you are right-dd- Henry Ford . Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around-dd- Henry David Thoreau . You have to risk going too far to discover just how far you can really go-dd- Jim Rohn . That which does not kill us makes us stronger-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . He who has a why to live can bear almost any how-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Be yourself; everyone else is already taken-dd- Oscar Wilde . You make your own luck if you stay at it long enough-dd- Naval Ravikant . If you can imagine it, we can make it-dd- John Dykstra . Either get busy living or get busy dying-dd- Stephen King . You change the world by being yourself-dd- Yoko Ono . The only way round is through-dd- Robert Frost . Seek life, not comfort-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Pain or love or danger makes you real again-dd- Jack Kerouac . Begin, be bold and venture to be wise-dd- Horace . We are our choices-dd- Jean-Paul Sartre . A goal should scare you a little and excite you a lot-dd- Joe Vitale . Your big opportunity may be right where you are now-dd- Napoleon Hill . Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go-dd- T-dd-S-dd- Eliot . One day or day one-dd- You decide-dd- Unknown . I didn’t come this far, to only come this far-dd- Unknown . Prove them wrong-dd- Unknown . Don’t tell people your dreams-dd- Show them-dd- Unknown . You can be happy where you are-dd- Joel Osteen . An ounce of action is worth a ton of theory-dd- Friedrich Engels . They can because they think they can-dd- Virgil . Fortune sides with him who dares-dd- Virgil . Life begins on the other side of despair-dd- Jean-Paul Sartre . Resist much, obey little-dd- Walt Whitman . Men must live and create-dd- Live to the point of tears-dd- Albert Camus . Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don’t be sorry-dd- Jack Kerouac . And your very flesh shall be a great poem-dd- Walt Whitman . Our true nationality is mankind-dd- H-dd- G-dd- Wells . Diligence is the mother of good fortune-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . Feet, what do I need them for if I have wings to fly-dd- Frida Kahlo . Your mind is a powerful thing-dd- When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change-dd- Unknown . It will be the toughest thing you’ll ever do, but your heart is never wrong-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Never let the odds keep you from doing what you know in your heart you were meant to do-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr . My message to you is simple, keep believing, keep marching, keep building, keep raising your voice-dd- Barack Obama . Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . I want to stay as close to the edge as I can without going over-dd- Out on the edge you see all kinds of things you can’t see from the center-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . If you take risks and face your fate with dignity, there is nothing you can do that makes you small; if you don’t take risks, there is nothing you can do that makes you grand, nothing-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us-dd- Henry Stanley Haskins . We did not come to fear the future-dd- We came here to shape it-dd- Barack Obama . At the end of the day it’s not about what you have or even what you’ve accomplished… it’s about who you’ve lifted up, who you’ve made better, it’s about what you’ve given back-dd- Denzel Washington . Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic-dd- Dale Carnegie . We don’t rise to the level of our expectations-dd- We fall to the level of our training-dd- Archilochus . If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is: infinite-dd- William Blake . I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart-dd- I am, I am, I am-dd- Sylvia Plath . You will find poetry nowhere unless you bring some of it with you-dd- Joseph Joubert . And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places-dd- Those who don’t believe in magic will never find it-dd- Roald Dahl . Breathe, it’s just a bad day, not a bad life-dd- Unknown . The mind is like an iceberg, it floats with one-seventh of its bulk above water-dd- Sigmund Freud . Build a man a fire, and he’ll be warm for a day-dd- Set a man on fire, and he’ll be warm for the rest of his life-dd- Terry Pratchett . The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes-dd- Marcel Proust . Abandon yourself to the moment, and you will find every day new openings, new light, new insight-dd- And those new insights will go on changing you-dd- One day, suddenly you will see you are each moment new-dd- Osho . You have to be able to tolerate what you don’t necessarily like so you can be free-dd- Larry Flynt . I believe that man will not merely endure; he will prevail-dd- William Faulkner . What good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness-dd- John Steinbeck . Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much-dd- Oscar Wilde . Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar-dd- Sigmund Freud . We are all born mad-dd- Some remain so-dd- Samuel Beckett . Always do sober what you said you’d do drunk-dd- That will teach you to keep your mouth shut-dd- Ernest Hemingway . I have measured out my life with coffee spoons-dd- T-dd-S-dd- Eliot . Some people never go crazy-dd- What truly horrible lives they must lead-dd- Charles Bukowski . Life has a way of testing a person’s will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen at once-dd- Paulo Coelho . I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Embrace the glorious mess that you are-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not ‘Eureka-xx-’ (I’ve found it-xx-), but ‘That’s funny…’-dd- . I don’t want to go to heaven-dd- None of my friends are there-dd- Oscar Wilde . Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one-dd- Terry Pratchett . I learned long ago, never to wrestle with a pig-dd- You get dirty, and besides, the pig likes it-dd- George Bernard Shaw . I tell you, we are here on Earth to fart around, and don’t let anybody tell you different-dd- . Wrinkles mean you laughed, grey hair means you care and scars mean you lived-dd- Unknown . A bad attitude is like a flat tire, you can’t get very far until you change it-dd- Unknown . Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret-dd- Ambrose Bierce . If you are money, then, when you die, you will be spent-dd- Rich Cohen . You can only be young once-dd- But you can always be immature-dd- Dave Barry . I have great faith in fools – self-confidence my friends will call it-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please-dd- Mark Twain . Drag your thoughts away from your troubles… by the ears, by the heels, or any other way you can manage it-dd- Mark Twain . The only thing you can get in a hurry is trouble-dd- Navjot Singh Sidhu . It’s not the size of the dog in the fight, it’s the size of the fight in the dog-dd- Mark Twain . Show me a man with a tattoo and I’ll show you a man with an interesting past-dd- Jack London . It’s not bragging if you can back it up-dd- Muhammad Ali . The wisest men follow their own direction-dd- Euripides . Better to have, and not need, than to need, and not have-dd- Franz Kafka . You are free, and that is why you are lost-dd- Franz Kafka . From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back-dd- That is the point that must be reached-dd- Franz Kafka . Someday, somehow, this will all make sense-dd- Maxime Lagacé . We shall not cease from exploration-dd- And the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time-dd- T-dd-S-dd- Eliot . Rise to the level of your ideals, not the average of your environment-dd- The Stoic Emperor . There is no great genius without a mixture of madness-dd- Aristotle . What we call the beginning is often the end-dd- And to make an end is to make a beginning-dd- The end is where we start from-dd- T-dd-S-dd- Eliot . Cynicism is easy-dd- Mimicry is easy-dd- Optimistic contrarians are the rarest breed-dd- Naval Ravikant . We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us-dd- Charles Bukowski . Unless you believe, you will not understand-dd- Augustine of Hippo . You will always find an answer in the sound of water-dd- Zhuangzi . You attract what you are, not what you want-dd- Unknown . I focused so hard on what I wanted that I lost sight of what I deserved-dd- Unknown . Sometimes when things are falling apart they may actually be falling into place-dd- Unknown . Let it all go-dd- See what stays-dd- Unknown . Anything I come across that feels impossible, I probably need to take a second look-dd- Joe Gebbia (Co-founder AirBnb) . The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why-dd- Mark Twain . Too much sanity may be madness and the maddest of all, to see life as it is and not as it should be-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness-dd- Samuel Beckett . The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be-dd- Bruce Lee . Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Goodness makes greatness truly valuable, and greatness make goodness much more serviceable-dd- Matthew Henry . You must realize that one day you will die-dd- Until then you are worthless-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Do not think you will necessarily be aware of your own enlightenment-dd- Dogen . Do not judge, and you will never be mistaken-dd- Jean Jacques Rousseau . Do not ask for what you will wish you had not got-dd- Seneca . If you suddenly stumble upon the right door, you will not be able to recognize that it is right-dd- Osho . You have to die a few times before you can really live-dd- Charles Bukowski . Live so that you can at least get the benefit of the doubt-dd- Kin Hubbard . To find yourself, think for yourself-dd- Socrates . You have to be odd to be number one-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . My father used to say, “don’t raise your voice improve your argument”-dd- Unknown . When thinking about life, remember this: no amount of guild can change the past, and no amount of anxiety can change the future-dd- Unknown . I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right-dd- Muhammad Ali Jinnah . People cry, not because they’re weak-dd- It’s because they’ve been strong for too long-dd- Johnny Depp . The first to apologize is the bravest-dd- The first to forgive is the strongest-dd- The first to forget is the happiest-dd- Unknown . Fear, pain, envy, sadness, frustration-dd- Your natural reaction will be to replace them and seek pleasure-dd- Don’t do that-dd- Instead, understand them-dd- They can teach you something and it could be useful-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Say no to small short-term gains so you can say yes to massive long-term gains-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving-dd- Terry Pratchett . If you think, then you will be prepared-dd- If you are prepared, then you will have no worries-dd- Li Ka Shing . You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger-dd- Buddha . I long to accomplish a great and noble tasks, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble-dd- The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker-dd- Helen Keller . The most important things are the hardest to say, because words diminish them-dd- Stephen King . Saying nothing sometimes says the most-dd- Emily Dickinson . To be blind is not miserable; not to be able to bear blindness, that is miserable-dd- John Milton . Do not speak of your happiness to one less fortunate than yourself-dd- Plutarch . Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly-dd- Plutarch . Genius might be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way-dd- Charles Bukowski . Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . A man who fears suffering is already suffering from what he fears-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Think like a wise man but communicate in the language of the people-dd- W-dd-B-dd- Yeats . If you make friends with yourself you will never be alone-dd- Maxwell Maltz . We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . A harmful truth is better than a useful lie-dd- Thomas Mann . If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything-dd- Mark Twain . Please all, and you will please none-dd- Aesop . Beware the barrenness of a busy life-dd- Socrates . Life is the sum of all your choices-dd- Albert Camus . Your life is a cloud-dd- Sometimes you’ll feel sad and cry-dd- Sometimes you’ll feel free and move fast-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The proper function of man is to live, not to exist-dd- I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them-dd- I shall use my time-dd- Jack London . Life is all about balance-dd- You don’t always need to be getting stuff done-dd- Sometimes it’s perfectly okay, and absolutely necessary, to shut down, kick back, and do nothing-dd- Lori Deschene . You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of-dd- You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life-dd- Albert Camus . If you’re afraid to die, you will not be able to live-dd- James A-dd- Baldwin . That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet-dd- Emily Dickinson . What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality-dd- Plutarch . Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop-dd- Ovid . I can never read all the books I want; I can never be all the people I want and live all the lives I want-dd- I can never train myself in all the skills I want-dd- And why do I want-qq- I want to live and feel all the shades, tones and variations of mental and physical experience possible in my life-dd- And I am horribly limited-dd- Sylvia Plath . Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age-dd- James Joyce . It is necessary to have wished for death in order to know how good it is to live-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Plunge boldly into the thick of life, and seize it where you will, it is always interesting-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Listening to your own heart, you will start moving in the right direction, without ever thinking of what is right and what is wrong-dd- Osho . Listen to the new, go with the new-dd- I know you are afraid-dd- In spite of the fear, go with the new, and your life will become richer and richer and you will be able one day to release your imprisoned splendor-dd- Osho . You have to have a dream so you can get up in the morning-dd- Billy Wilder . You can change your world by changing your words… Remember, death and life are in the power of the tongue-dd- Joel Osteen . As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters-dd- Seneca . Maybe that’s what life is… a wink of the eye and winking stars-dd- Jack Kerouac . Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor-dd- Truman Capote . The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Courage is grace under pressure-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace-dd- Victor Hugo . Life will only change when you become more committed to your dreams than your comfort zone-dd- Unknown . Magic happens when you do not give up, even though you want to-dd- The universe always falls in love with a stubborn heart-dd- Unknown . What if you try one more time and it works-qq- Maxime Lagacé . A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes-dd- Oscar Wilde . Don’t worry about losing-dd- If it is right, it happens – the main thing is not to hurry-dd- Nothing good gets away-dd- John Steinbeck . You can only fight the way you practice-dd- Miyamoto Musashi . The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it-dd- Jean-Paul Sartre . Mistakes are the portals of discovery-dd- James Joyce . You do not write your life with words… You write it with actions-dd- What you think is not important-dd- It is only important what you do-dd- Patrick Ness . In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer-dd- Albert Camus . Keep your face always toward the sunshine – and shadows will fall behind you-dd- Walt Whitman . Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking-dd- W-dd- B-dd- Yeats . If you fell down yesterday, stand up today-dd- H-dd- G-dd- Wells . Experience is the teacher of all things-dd- Julius Caesar . The one who falls and gets up is so much stronger than the one who never fell-dd- Unknown . Without rain nothing grows-dd- Learn to embrace the storms of your life-dd- Unknown . You can chain me, you can torture me, you can even destroy this body, but you will never imprison my mind-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . There is a direct correlation between an increased sphere of comfort and getting what you want-dd- Tim Ferriss . You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them-dd- Maya Angelou . Do not fear mistakes-dd- You will know failure-dd- Continue to reach out-dd- Benjamin Franklin . You can always find the sun within yourself if you will only search-dd- Maxwell Maltz . The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually fear you will make one-dd- Navjot Singh Sidhu . Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them-dd- You will find that they haven’t half the strength you think they have-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Courage is the most important of all the virtues, because without courage you can’t practice any other virtue consistently-dd- You can practice any virtue erratically, but nothing consistently without courage-dd- Maya Angelou . You cannot escape necessities, but you can overcome them-dd- Seneca . You have to be able to tolerate what you don’t necessarily like so you can be free-dd- Larry Flynt . I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me-dd- Unknown . It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters-dd- Epictetus . No man is free who is not master of himself-dd- Epictetus . Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly-dd- Epictetus . The more you know yourself, the less you have something to prove, the more you can relax-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Having character is not about pretending-dd- It’s about seeking what’s truly important for you-dd- It’s about the truth-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones who never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes “Awww-xx-”-dd- Jack Kerouac . The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it – basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them-dd- Charles Bukowski . Don’t bend; don’t water it down; don’t try to make it logical; don’t edit your own soul according to the fashion-dd- Rather, follow your most intense obsessions mercilessly-dd- Franz Kafka . Always go with the choice that scares you the most, because that’s the one that is going to help you grow-dd- Unknown . To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best day and night to make you like everybody else means to fight the hardest battle which any human being can fight and never stop fighting-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . We are already one-dd- But we imagine that we are not-dd- And what we have to recover is our original unity-dd- What we have to be is what we are-dd- Thomas Merton . Learn to say ‘no’ without explaining yourself-dd- Unknown . Stay patient and trust your journey-dd- Unknown . Someday, everything will make perfect sense-dd- So for now, laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears, and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason-dd- Unknown . Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself-dd- Coco Chanel . Everything that happens happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so-dd- Marcus Aurelius . What you hear repeatedly you will eventually believe-dd- Michael Korda . When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve-dd- Napoleon Hill . Act the part and you will become the part-dd- William James . Begin to be now what you will be hereafter-dd- William James . Do you wish to rise-qq- Begin by descending-dd- You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds-qq- Lay first the foundation of humility-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be-dd- Be one-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Re-examine all that you have been told… dismiss that which insults your soul-dd- Walt Whitman . No legacy is so rich as honesty-dd- William Shakespeare . Doubt whom you will, but never yourself-dd- Christian Nestell Bovee . Knowing what you can not do is more important than knowing what you can do-dd- In fact, that’s good taste-dd- Lucille Ball . When you think you’re good, you will play at that level-dd- If you doubt yourself, you will play like crap-dd- Kurt Russell . If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve-dd- Lao Tzu . If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams-dd- Les Brown . You have power over your mind – not outside events-dd- Realize this, and you will find strength-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Never let the future disturb you-dd- You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present-dd- Marcus Aurelius . If you stand for something you will have people for you and people against you-dd- But if you stand for nothing you will have nobody for you and nobody against you-dd- Maurice Saatchi . Resolve that whatever you do, you will bring the whole man to it; that you will fling the whole weight of your being into it-dd- Orison Swett Marden . It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit-dd- Harry S-dd- Truman . Whatever you think you can do or believe you can do, begin it-dd- Action has magic, grace and power in it-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Accept yourself as you are-dd- Otherwise you will never see opportunity-dd- You will not feel free to move toward it; you will feel you are not deserving-dd- Maxwell Maltz . If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self-dd- Napoleon Hill . Swallow your pride, you will not die, it’s not poison-dd- Bob Dylan . He who sings scares away his woes-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart-dd- Seneca . What if you already have happiness inside you-qq- What if it’s about desiring less and accepting more-qq- What if you remove your perceptions of what happiness should be-qq- Maxime Lagacé . He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature-dd- Socrates . The fullest people, the people most whole and most alive, are always those unafraid and unashamed of the soul-dd- Maria Popova (brainpickings-dd-org) . Happiness is beneficial for the body, but it is grief that develops the powers of the mind-dd- Marcel Proust . Happiness is like those palaces in fairy tales whose gates are guarded by dragons: we must fight in order to conquer it-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty-dd- Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old-dd- Franz Kafka . You cannot find peace by avoiding life-dd- Virginia Woolf . Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed-dd- Alexander Pope . If you expect nothing from anybody, you’re never disappointed-dd- Sylvia Plath . Not what we have but what we enjoy, constitutes our abundance-dd- Epicurus . Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for-dd- Epicurus . The best part about life-qq- Every morning you have a new opportunity to become a happier version of yourself-dd- Unknown . Being happy doesn’t mean that everything is perfect-dd- It means that you’ve decided to look beyond the imperfections-dd- Unknown . To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others-dd- Albert Camus . Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others-dd- Cicero . Don’t be in such a rush to figure everything out-dd- Embrace the unknown and let your life surprise you-dd- . If you seek tranquility, do less-dd- Or do what’s essential – what the logos of a social being requires, and in the requisite way-dd- Which brings a double satisfaction: to do less, better-dd- Because most of what we say and do is not essential-dd- If you can eliminate it, you’ll have more time, and more tranquility-dd- Ask yourself at every moment, ‘Is this necessary-qq-’ Marcus Aurelius . You can discard most of the junk that clutters your mind – things that exist only there – and clear out space for yourself-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again-dd- Joseph Campbell . I still remember the days I prayed for the things I have now-dd- Unknown . Remain calm, serene, always in command of yourself-dd- You will then find out how easy it is to get along-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . Learn to be calm and you will always be happy-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . The most valuable possession you can own is an open heart-dd- The most powerful weapon you can be is an instrument of peace-dd- Carlos Santana . We cannot change anything until we accept it-dd- Condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses-dd- Carl Jung . Do anything, but let it produce joy-dd- Walt Whitman . There are two ways to be happy: change the situation, or change your mindset towards it-dd- Unknown . Don’t ruin a good today by thinking about a bad yesterday-dd- Let it go-dd- Unknown . As long as you are being true to yourself, you will always find happiness-dd- Amber Riley . If you cannot find peace within yourself, you will never find it anywhere else-dd- Marvin Gaye . If you look for perfection, you’ll never be content-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Silent gratitude isn’t very much use to anyone-dd- Gertrude Stein . There is a quiet place where no one disturbs you-dd- Marlene Dietrich . Love and work… work and love, that’s all there is-dd- Sigmund Freud . Love is dynamic, ever changing and all over the place all the time-dd- Only those who transcends themselves knows this-dd- Maxime Lagacé . A loving heart is the truest wisdom-dd- Charles Dickens . If you have the ability to love, love yourself first-dd- Charles Bukowski . The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved-dd- Victor Hugo . If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded-dd- Maya Angelou . If you give, you will be blessed-dd- Joel Osteen . Be loving towards yourself, then you will be able to love others too-dd- Osho . If you can grow in love, you will grow in awareness-dd- If you grow in awareness, you will grow in love-dd- Osho . As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . If you are still looking for that one person who will change your life, take a look in the mirror-dd- Roman Price . We love the things we love for what they are-dd- Robert Frost . Never love anyone who treats you like you’re ordinary-dd- Oscar Wilde . If you want to be loved, be lovable-dd- Ovid . If you judge people, you have no time to love them-dd- Mother Teresa . Owning our story and loving ourselves through that process is the bravest thing that we’ll ever do-dd- Brené Brown . Be the love you never received-dd- Unknown . Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence-dd- Henry David Thoreau . If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life-dd- Oscar Wilde . Men always want to be a woman’s first love – women like to be a man’s last romance-dd- Oscar Wilde . Keep love in your heart-dd- A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead-dd- Oscar Wilde . Work on being in love with the person in the mirror who has been through so much but is still standing-dd- Unknown . Never stop showing someone how much they mean to you-dd- Unknown . The best kiss is the one that has been exchanged a thousand times between the eyes before it reaches the lips-dd- Unknown . Being with you and not being with you is the only way I have to measure time-dd- Jorge Luis Borges . Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken-dd- Albert Camus . When you love someone, you love the person as they are, and not as you’d like them to be-dd- Leo Tolstoy . All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love-dd- Leo Tolstoy . We loved with a love that was more than love-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work-dd- Aristotle . Life grants nothing to us mortals without hard work-dd- Horace . Remember: nobody said it would be easy-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The goal is to create something so useful that people will have no choice but to tell their friends-dd- Maxime Lagacé . People buy an experience and a feeling, not your product or service-dd- Thus, what experience are you selling to your clients-qq- Maxime Lagacé . You have to be a good individual first before you can be a good team player-dd- David Goggins . What you do makes a difference, and you have to decide what kind of difference you want to make-dd- Jane Goodall . In the modern world of business, it is useless to be a creative, original thinker unless you can also sell what you create-dd- David Ogilvy . Earn with your mind, not your time-dd- Naval Ravikant . Work in silence-dd- Let your success be your noise-dd- Unknown . Be loyal to those are not present-dd- In doing so, you build the trust of those who are present-dd- Stephen Covey . If you want to change the culture, you will have to start by changing the organization-dd- Mary Douglas . You don’t know what you can get away with until you try-dd- Colin Powell . Ten soldiers wisely led will beat a hundred without a head-dd- Euripides . You can start right where you stand and apply the habit of going the extra mile by rendering more service and better service than you are now being paid for-dd- Napoleon Hill . The world always seems brighter when you’ve just made something that wasn’t there before-dd- Neil Gaiman . Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect-dd- Mark Twain . For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf, and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack-dd- Rudyard Kipling . An artist is a creature driven by demons-dd- He doesn’t know why they choose him and he’s usually too busy to wonder why-dd- William Faulkner . I must create a system, or be enslaved by another man’s-dd- I will not reason and compare: my business is to create-dd- William Blake . The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion-dd- Albert Camus . To do a dull thing with style-now that’s what I call art-dd- Charles Bukowski . That man is a success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . To have external success, start with internal success-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire-dd- Marshall Ferdinand Foch . If a little dreaming is dangerous, the cure for it is not to dream less but to dream more, to dream all the time-dd- Marcel Proust . Some men see things as they are and say, ‘Why-qq-’ I dream of things that never were and say, ‘Why not-qq-’ George Bernard Shaw . You’ll never change your life until you change something you do daily-dd- The secret of your success is found in your daily routine-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Don’t think about what can happen in a month-dd- Don’t think about what can happen in a year-dd- Just focus on the 24 hours in front of you and do what you can to get closer to where you want to be-dd- . It is now how good you are, it’s how good you want to be-dd- Unknown . When you’re not concerned with succeeding, you can work with complete freedom-dd- Larry David . Feed your body-dd- Feed your soul-dd- Feed your dream-dd- Bust out-xx- Awiakta . Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities-dd- Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning-dd- Gloria Steinem . Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . If you care enough for a result, you will most certainly attain it-dd- William James . Success or failure depends more upon attitude than upon capacity successful men act as though they have accomplished or are enjoying something-dd- Soon it becomes a reality-dd- Act, look, feel successful, conduct yourself accordingly, and you will be amazed at the positive results-dd- William James . Reduce your plan to writing-dd- The moment you complete this, you will have definitely given concrete form to the intangible desire-dd- Napoleon Hill . No matter what challenges or setbacks and disappointments you may encounter along the way, you will find true success and happiness if you have only one goal-dd- There really is only one-dd- And that is this: to fulfill the highest most truthful expression of yourself as a human being-dd- You want to max out your humanity by using your energy to lift yourself up, your family and the people around you-dd- Oprah Winfrey . The most successful people are those who are good at plan B-dd- James Yorke . Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination-dd- Oscar Wilde . Some are born great, others achieve greatness-dd- William Shakespeare . If you seek truth you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible-dd- Epictetus . Seek not greatness, but seek truth and you will find both-dd- Horace Mann . Nothing is more powerful than an idea whose time has come-dd- Victor Hugo . In dreams begin responsibilities-dd- W-dd- B-dd- Yeats . To be prepared is half the victory-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . There is no greatness where there is no simplicity, goodness and truth-dd- Leo Tolstoy . The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to achieve this success-qq- Larry Flynt . Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours-dd- Les Brown . The only wealth which you will keep forever is the wealth you have given away-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Liberate the minds of men and ultimately you will liberate the bodies of men-dd- Marcus Garvey . You will be as much value to others as you have been to yourself-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Remember you will not always win-dd- Some days, the most resourceful individual will taste defeat-dd- But there is, in this case, always tomorrow – after you have done your best to achieve success today-dd- Maxwell Maltz . Get excited and enthusiastic about you own dream-dd- This excitement is like a forest fire – you can smell it, taste it, and see it from a mile away-dd- Denis Waitley . No man or woman is an island-dd- To exist just for yourself is meaningless-dd- You can achieve the most satisfaction when you feel related to some greater purpose in life, something greater than yourself-dd- Denis Waitley . You can calculate the worth of a man by the number of his enemies-dd- Gustave Flaubert . You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight-dd- Jim Rohn . Do well and you will have no need for ancestors-dd- Voltaire . If you want to make enemies, try to change something-dd- Woodrow Wilson . If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to-dd- Lao Tzu . The measure of intelligence is the ability to change-dd- Albert Einstein . If you will not rise above the things of the world, they will rise above you-dd- Sri Sathya Sai Baba . Let’s shake up some shit-dd- That’s all you can do-dd- Billie Joe Armstrong . The masses seek pleasure non-stop-dd- This is what people do when they are scared-dd- They avoid life and want to remain in their happy state-dd- Life is change-dd- You are life-dd- Accept this-dd- Maxime Lagacé . We do not succeed in changing things according to our desire, but gradually our desire changes-dd- Marcel Proust . Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything-dd- George Bernard Shaw . There’s only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that’s your own self-dd- Aldoux Huxley . The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order-dd- Alfred North Whitehead . No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow-dd- Alice Walker . Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through-dd- Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it-dd- This is a kind of death-dd- Anais Nin . If you don’t like the way the world is, you change it-dd- You have an obligation to change it You just do it one step at a time-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . The future has a way of arriving unannounced-dd- George Will . They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself-dd- Andy Warhol . How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world-dd- Anne Frank . Life is a process-dd- We are a process-dd- The universe is a process-dd- Anne Wilson Scaef . Become a student of change-dd- It is the only thing that will remain constant-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time-dd- We are the ones we’ve been waiting for-dd- We are the change that we seek-dd- Barack Obama . The important thing is this: To be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become-dd- Charles Dubois . All change is not growth; as all movement is not forward-dd- Ellen Glasgow . I cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what I can say is they must change if they are to get better-dd- Georg C-dd- Lichtenberg . To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly-dd- Henri Bergson . Change does not necessarily assure progress, but progress implacably requires change-dd- Henry Steele Commager . You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in-dd- Heraclitus . To change one’s life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions-dd- William James . Things do not change, we change-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Be curious, not judgmental-dd- Walt Whitman . If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid-dd- Epictetus . Change is what nature wants-dd- You are a part of nature-dd- What will you learn-qq- Maxime Lagacé . Where I was born and where and how I have lived is unimportant-dd- It is what I have done with where I have been that should be of interest-dd- Georgia O’Keeffe . Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness-dd- Mark Twain . Don’t bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors-dd- Try to be better than yourself-dd- William Faulkner . Nothing behind me, everything ahead of me, as is ever so on the road-dd- Jack Kerouac . Growing up is losing some illusions, in order to acquire others-dd- Virginia Woolf . It is better to create than to learn-xx- Creating is the essence of life-dd- Julius Caesar . What is the point of being on this Earth if you are going to be like everyone else and avoid trouble-qq- Arnold Schwarzenegger . If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it-dd- Pablo Picasso . Order and simplification are the first steps toward the mastery of a subject-dd- Thomas Mann . Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced-dd- John Keats . Growth itself contains the germ of happiness-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page-dd- Augustine of Hippo . The most important thing to remember is this: To be ready at any moment to give up what you are for what you might become-dd- W-dd- E-dd- B-dd- Du Bois . Believe in life-xx- Always human beings will live and progress to greater, broader, and fuller life-dd- W-dd- E-dd- B-dd- Du Bois . We don’t stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing-dd- George Bernard Shaw . There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom-dd- Anais Nin . When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn-dd- Gloria Steinem . So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being-dd- Henri-Frederic Amiel . Life is a progress, and not a station-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . While there’s life, there’s hope-dd- Cicero . To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe-dd- Anatole France . The hardest truth about hope: it makes you continue and it makes you suffer-dd- Maxime Lagacé . You can’t wait for inspiration-dd- You have to go after it with a club-dd- Jack London . Believe in your infinite potential-dd- Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . If you don’t stand for something you will fall for anything-dd- Gordon A-dd- Eadie . Success is most often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable-dd- Coco Chanel . Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Faith is to believe what you do not yet see; the reward for this faith is to see what you believe-dd- Augustine of Hippo . You must not lose faith in humanity-dd- Humanity is like an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face-dd- You must do the thing which you think you cannot do-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . There is a crack in everything-dd- That’s how the light gets in-dd- Leonard Cohen . Hope is a waking dream-dd- Aristotle . One lives in the hope of becoming a memory-dd- Antonio Porchia . He does not believe that does not live according to his belief-dd- Sigmund Freud . The two most powerful warriors are patience and time-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Extreme hopes are born from extreme misery-dd- Bertrand Russell . Only in the darkness can you see the stars-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors for you where there were only walls-dd- Joseph Campbell . Faith is about doing-dd- You are how you act, not just how you believe-dd- Mitch Albom . To live without hope is to cease to live-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul – and sings the tunes without the words – and never stops at all-dd- Emily Dickinson . You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore-dd- William Faulkner . I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Hope will never be silent-dd- Harvey Milk . There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful-dd- Sigmund Freud . All that we are is the result of what we have thought-dd- Buddha . I have no special talent-dd- I am only passionately curious-dd- Albert Einstein . If you judge people, you have no time to love them-dd- Mother Teresa . Wisely, and slow-dd- They stumble that run fast-dd- William Shakespeare . The most courageous act is still to think for yourself-dd- Aloud-dd- Coco Chanel . Stay hungry, stay foolish-dd- Steve Jobs . A great man is always willing to be little-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The greatest wealth is to live content with little-dd- Plato . The future belongs to those who prepare for it today-dd- Malcolm X . The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus-dd- Bruce Lee . It always seems impossible until it’s done-dd- Nelson Mandela . The unexamined life is not worth living-dd- Socrates . Our life is frittered away by detail… simplify, simplify-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value-dd- Albert Einstein . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . No matter who you are or what you look like, how you started off, or how and who you love, America is a place where you can write your own destiny-dd- Barack Obama . Turn your wounds into wisdom-dd- Oprah Winfrey . I don’t think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains-dd- Anne Frank . Whatever you are, be a good one-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Do what you can, with what you have, where you are-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Little by little, one travels far-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . It’s not how much you have that makes people look up to you, it’s who you are-dd- Elvis Presley . I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times-dd- Bruce Lee . A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything-dd- Malcolm X . In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different-dd- Coco Chanel . You have power over your mind – not outside events-dd- Realize this, and you will find strength-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none-dd- William Shakespeare . I have a dream that one day little black boys and girls will be holding hands with little white boys and girls-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it’s better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring-dd- Marilyn Monroe . The path to success is to take massive, determined action-dd- Tony Robbins . Be kind whenever possible-dd- It is always possible-dd- Dalai Lama . Life is a flower of which love is the honey-dd- Victor Hugo . Love the life you live-dd- Live the life you love-dd- Bob Marley . God helps those that help themselves-dd- Benjamin Franklin . By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail-dd- Benjamin Franklin (This is one of my favorite famous quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . I came, I saw, I conquered-dd- Julius Caesar . I think, therefore I am-dd- René Descartes . To be, or not to be, that is the question-dd- William Shakespeare . That’s one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind-dd- Neil Armstrong . The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education-dd- Albert Einstein . Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Family is the most important thing in the world-dd- Diana, Princess of Wales . All I was doing was trying to get home from work-dd- Rosa Parks . The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step-dd- Lao Tzu . I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed-dd- Michael Jordan . Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee-dd- Muhammad Ali . Nonviolence is a weapon of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop-dd- Confucius . Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing-dd- Seneca . It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up-dd- Vince Lombardi . You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take-dd- Wayne Gretzky . Peace begins with a smile-dd- Mother Teresa . You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough-dd- Mae West . Go confidently in the direction of your dreams-dd- Live the life you have imagined-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing-dd- Helen Keller . Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world-dd- Nelson Mandela . Good artists copy, great artists steal-dd- Pablo Picasso . Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . That which does not kill us makes us stronger-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . If you think you can do a thing or think you can’t do a thing, you’re right-dd- Henry Ford . Better to die standing than to live on your knees-dd- Ernesto “Che” Guevara . Big Brother is watching you-dd- George Orwell . Keep calm and carry on-dd- Winston Churchill . Genius is eternal patience-dd- Michelangelo . No-dd- Rosa Parks . Fear is stupid-dd- So are regrets-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Do something worth remembering-dd- Elvis Presley . Elegance is refusal-dd- Coco Chanel . Puns are the highest form of literature-dd- Alfred Hitchcock . A boo is a lot louder than a cheer-dd- Lance Armstrong . Get busy living, or get busy dying-dd- Stephen King . I’m not afraid of dying, I’m afraid of not trying-dd- Jay-Z . Be proud of who you are-dd- Eminem . Not all those who wander are lost-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . Better to build a bridge than a wall-dd- Elton John . Be the hero of your own story-dd- Joe Rogan . The only failure is not to try-dd- George Clooney . The root of suffering is attachment-dd- Buddha . Nobody can hurt me without my permission-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was-dd- Muhammad Ali . Don’t count the days, make the days count-dd- Muhammad Ali . Winners never quit, and quitters never win-dd- Vince Lombardi . Man – a being in search of meaning-dd- Plato . Your past does not equal your future-dd- Tony Robbins . Well done is better than well said-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . I don’t make music for eyes-dd- I make music for ears-dd- Adele . Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . We need fantasy to survive reality-dd- Lady Gaga . It’s fun to do the impossible-dd- Walt Disney . Have no fear of perfection, you’ll never reach it-dd- Salvador Dali . What worries you, masters you-dd- John Locke . There is nothing impossible to him who will try-dd- Alexander the Great . Whatever you do, do with all your might-dd- Cicero . The future starts today, not tomorrow-dd- Pope John Paul II . You are what you believe yourself to be-dd- Paulo Coelho . Stumbling is not falling-dd- Malcolm X . The best way to predict your future is to create it-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . If not us, who-qq- If not now, when-qq- John F-dd- Kennedy . Starting today, we must pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off, and begin again the work of remaking America-dd- Barack Obama . It is you, the young and fearless at heart, the most diverse and educated generation in our history, who the nation is waiting to follow-dd- Barack Obama . Ambition is a dream with a V8 engine-dd- Elvis Presley . Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment-dd- Oprah Winfrey . When our memories outweigh our dreams, it is then that we become old-dd- Bill Clinton . We are all of us stars, and we deserve to twinkle-dd- Marilyn Monroe . For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone-dd- Audrey Hepburn . I am basically a feminist-dd- I think that women can do anything they decide to do-dd- Grace Kelly . Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, as long as you can-dd- Hillary Clinton . Never doubt yourself-dd- Never change who you are-dd- Don’t care what people think and just go for it-dd- Britney Spears . Power is not given to you-dd- You have to take it-dd- Beyonce . Don’t settle for what life gives you; make life better and build something-dd- Ashton Kutcher . Everybody wants to be famous, but nobody wants to do the work-dd- I live by that-dd- You grind hard so you can play hard-dd- At the end of the day, you put all the work in, and eventually it’ll pay off-dd- It could be in a year, it could be in 30 years-dd- Eventually, your hard work will pay off-dd- Kevin Hart . Everything negative – pressure, challenges – is all an opportunity for me to rise-dd- Kobe Bryant . I like criticism-dd- It makes you strong-dd- LeBron James . We don’t want to tell our dreams-dd- We want to show them-dd- Cristiano Ronaldo . Impossible is just a big word thrown around by small men who find it easier to live in the world they’ve been given than to explore the power they have to change it-dd- Impossible is not a fact-dd- It’s an opinion-dd- Impossible is not a declaration-dd- It’s a dare-dd- Impossible is potential-dd- Impossible is temporary-dd- Impossible is nothing-dd- Muhammad Ali . If people take anything from my music, it should be motivation to know that anything is possible as long as you keep working at it and don’t back down-dd- Eminem . Creativity is intelligence having fun-dd- Albert Einstein . I just don’t want to be hampered by my own limitations-dd- Barbra Streisand . Those who say it can’t be done are usually interrupted by others doing it-dd- James Baldwin . Do what you have to do, to do what you want to do-dd- Denzel Washington . I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear; knowing what must be done does away with fear-dd- Rosa Parks . The present is theirs; the future, for which I really worked, is mine-dd- Nikola Tesla . The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall-dd- Nelson Mandela . If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants-dd- Isaac Newton . One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful-dd- Sigmund Freud . Learn to value yourself, which means: to fight for your happiness-dd- Ayn Rand . You’ll never find a rainbow if you’re looking down-dd- Charlie Chaplin . I would like to die on Mars-dd- Just not on impact-dd- Elon Musk . I don’t care what you think of me-dd- I don’t think of you at all-dd- Coco Chanel . No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar-dd- Abraham Lincoln . If you let your head get too big, it’ll break your neck-dd- Elvis Presley . Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Fame is like caviar, you know — it’s good to have caviar but not when you have it at every meal-dd- Marilyn Monroe . The best things in life are free-dd- The second best things are very expensive-dd- Coco Chanel . I don’t have a short temper, I just have a quick reaction to bullshit-dd- Elizabeth Taylor . Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . I have made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it shorter-dd- Blaise Pascal . Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much-dd- Oscar Wilde . Always roll up the sleeves on your shirt-dd- It gives the impression that you’re working, even if you’re not-dd- Ashton Kutcher . The scruffier your beard, the sharper you need to dress-dd- Ashton Kutcher . I am simple, complex, generous, selfish, unattractive, beautiful, lazy, and driven-dd- Barbra Streisand . Being president is like running a cemetery: you’ve got a lot of people under you and nobody’s listening-dd- Bill Clinton . If you can’t convince them, confuse them-dd- Harry S-dd- Truman . We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid-dd- Benjamin Franklin . I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . You laugh at me because I’m different I laugh at you because you’re all the same-dd- Lady Gaga . If you don’t have any shadows you’re not in the light-dd- Lady Gaga . Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without-dd- Confucius . Knowing is not enough; we must apply-dd- Willing is not enough; we must do-dd- Bruce Lee . Often it isn’t the mountains ahead that wear you out, it’s the little pebble in your shoe-dd- Muhammad Ali . Truth is like the sun-dd- You can shut it out for a time, but it ain’t goin’ away-dd- Elvis Presley . Too often we enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . No one ever told me I was pretty when I was a little girl-dd- All little girls should be told they’re pretty, even if they aren’t-dd- Marilyn Monroe . It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience-dd- Julius Caesar . Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why-dd- Mark Twain . The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Nothing makes a woman more beautiful than the belief that she is beautiful-dd- Sophia Loren . Your love makes me strong-dd- Your hate makes me unstoppable-dd- Cristiano Ronaldo . A lion doesn’t concern himself with the opinions of the sheep-dd- Lionel Messi . My ruthless desire to win at all costs served me well on the bike but the level it went to, for whatever reason, is a flaw-dd- That desire, that attitude, that arrogance-dd- Lance Armstrong . I’m for truth, no matter who tells it-dd- I’m for justice, no matter who it’s for or against-dd- Malcolm X . I never thought of myself as being handsome or good-looking or whatever-dd- I always felt like an outsider-dd- Elton John . Behind every successful person lies a pack of haters-dd- Eminem . Hurt me with the truth-dd- Don’t comfort me with a lie-dd- Rihanna . It’s easy to fool the eye but it’s hard to fool the heart-dd- Al Pacino . It is our choices, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling (Harry Potter) . Stand for something or you will fall for anything-dd- Today’s mighty oak is yesterday’s nut that held its ground-dd- Rosa Parks . The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off-dd- Gloria Steinem . Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do-dd- Voltaire . In life you need either inspiration or desperation-dd- Tony Robbins . Man was born free, and he is everywhere in chains-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves-dd- William Shakespeare . Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something-dd- Plato . We must use time as a tool, not as a couch-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Simplicity is the keynote of all true elegance-dd- Coco Chanel . Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Once you’ve accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin . The most important things are the hardest to say, because words diminish them-dd- Stephen King . You should never take more than you give-dd- Elton John . Take a long pause …breathe and know that things are happening for you not to you-dd- Ashton Kutcher . It’s nice to be important, but it’s also important to be nice-dd- Never forget that-dd- Sacha Baron Cohen (Borat) . Be careful how you judge people, most of all friends-dd- You don’t sum up a man’s life in one moment-dd- Al Pacino . You never really learn much from hearing yourself speak-dd- George Clooney . Doubt can motivate you, so don’t be afraid of it-dd- Confidence and doubt are at two ends of the scale, and you need both-dd- They balance each other out-dd- Barbra Streisand . Life imposes things on you that you can’t control, but you still have the choice of how you’re going to live through this-dd- Céline Dion . A wise man can play the part of a clown, but a clown can’t play the part of a wise man-dd- Malcolm X . Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results-dd- Albert Einstein . A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer-dd- Bruce Lee . I don’t care that they stole my idea… I care that they don’t have any of their own-dd- Nikola Tesla . A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool-dd- William Shakespeare . Someone’s sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago-dd- Warren Buffett . Truth is ever to be found in simplicity, and not in the multiplicity and confusion of things-dd- Isaac Newton . To know that we know what we know, and to know that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge-dd- Nicolaus Copernicus . There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all-dd- Peter Drucker . People are more impressed by the power of our example rather than the example of our power-dd- Bill Clinton . Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd-dd- Voltaire . Science is organized knowledge-dd- Wisdom is organized life-dd- Immanuel Kant . Do not pray for easy lives, pray to be stronger men-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Life is never easy-dd- There is work to be done and obligations to be met — obligations to truth, to justice, and to liberty-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . If I’d observed all the rules, I’d never got anywhere-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference-dd- Robert Frost . Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more-dd- If you concentrate on what you don’t have, you will never, ever have enough-dd- Oprah Winfrey . When you are happy you can forgive a great deal-dd- Diana, Princess of Wales . Mistakes are the price of an interesting life-dd- Sophia Loren . My life didn’t please me, so I created my life-dd- Coco Chanel . Elegance is when the inside is as beautiful as the outside-dd- Coco Chanel . The road to success is not easy to navigate, but with hard work, drive and passion, it’s possible to achieve the American dream-dd- Tommy Hilfiger . Live for each second without hesitation-dd- Elton John . What is drama, after all, but life with the dull bits cut out-dd- Alfred Hitchcock . Be cool to people-dd- Be nice to as many people as you can-dd- Smile to as many people as you can, and have them smile back at you-dd- Joe Rogan . I’m an all-or-nothing kind of person, and when I become interested in something, I give it my all-dd- Tom Cruise . There is no happiness-dd- There is only concentration-dd- Al Pacino . It’s not about an opening weekend-dd- It’s about a career, building a set of films you’re proud of-dd- Period-dd- George Clooney . Life is like riding a bicycle-dd- To keep your balance, you must keep moving-dd- Albert Einstein . To live happily is an inward power of the soul-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Confidence is contagious-dd- So is a lack of confidence-dd- Vince Lombardi . The thing to do is enjoy the ride while you’re on it-dd- Johnny Depp . The formula of happiness and success is just being actually yourself, in the most vivid possible way you can-dd- Meryl Streep . Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life-dd- Mark Twain . A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life-dd- Charles Darwin . God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well-dd- Voltaire . You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation-dd- Plato . Life is really simple, but men insist on making it complicated-dd- Confucius . Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood-dd- Helen Keller . If you don’t live your life, who the f*ck will-qq-” Rihanna . You cannot find peace by avoiding life-dd- Virginia Woolfe . We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit-dd- Aristotle . Before anything else, preparation is the key to success-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . If you’re walking down the right path and you’re willing to keep walking, eventually you’ll make progress-dd- Barack Obama . Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . A wise girl knows her limits, a smart girl knows that she has none-dd- Marilyn Monroe . I did not run for this job just to warm the seat-dd- I desperately want to make a difference-dd- Bill Clinton . If you work hard and meet your responsibilities, you can get ahead, no matter where you come from, what you look like or who you love-dd- Barack Obama . Success isn’t about how much money you make-dd- It’s about the difference you make in people’s lives-dd- Michelle Obama . Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction-dd- Anne Frank . It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them-dd- They went out and happened to things-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Don’t pay any attention to what they write about you-dd- Just measure it in inches-dd- Andy Warhol . To be successful you have to be selfish, or else you never achieve-dd- And once you get to your highest level, then you have to be unselfish-dd- Stay reachable-dd- Stay in touch-dd- Don’t isolate-dd- Michael Jordan . That was my way of getting through difficult times of low confidence – hard work-dd- David Beckham . I don’t have to show anything to anyone-dd- There is nothing to prove-dd- Cristiano Ronaldo . Success is no accident-dd- It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do-dd- Pele . If I make a fool of myself, who cares-qq- I’m not frightened by anyone’s perception of me-dd- Angelina Jolie . Success is most often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable-dd- Coco Chanel . I felt like it was time to set up my future, so I set a goal-dd- My goal was independence-dd- Beyonce . You learn more in failure than you ever do in success-dd- Jay-Z . I don’t believe that old cliche that good things come to those who wait-dd- I think good things come to those who want something so bad they can’t sit still-dd- Ashton Kutcher . I had to stop going to auditions thinking, ‘Oh, I hope they like me-dd-’ I had to go in thinking I was the answer to their problem-dd- George Clooney . If you have no critics you’ll likely have no success-dd- Malcolm X . If there is no struggle, there is no progress-dd- Frederick Douglass . You must never be fearful about what you are doing when it is right-dd- Rosa Parks . Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence-dd- Vince Lombardi . Football is like life – it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority-dd- Vince Lombardi . I became an overachiever to get approval from the world-dd- Madonna . Don’t think money does everything or you are going to end up doing everything for money-dd- Voltaire . Most people fail in life because they major in minor things-dd- Tony Robbins . Ignore all hatred and criticism-dd- Live for what you create, and die protecting it-dd- Lady Gaga . Winning is not always the barometer of getting better-dd- Tiger Woods . Success isn’t always about greatness-dd- It’s about consistency-dd- Consistent hard work leads to success-dd- Greatness will come-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . By prevailing over all obstacles and distractions, one may unfailingly arrive at his chosen goal or destination-dd- Christopher Columbus . I pay no attention whatever to anybody’s praise or blame-dd- I simply follow my own feelings-dd- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart . An artist is someone who has learned to trust in himself-dd- Ludwig van Beethoven . Ceaseless work, analysis, reflection, writing much, endless self-correction, that is my secret-dd- Johann Sebastian Bach . The finest steel has to go through the hottest fire-dd- Richard M-dd- Nixon . No one has ever become poor by giving-dd- Anne Frank . The best thing to hold onto in life is each other-dd- Audrey Hepburn . There is a time for work, and a time for love-dd- That leaves no other time-dd- Coco Chanel . If you haven’t cried, your eyes can’t be beautiful-dd- Sophia Loren . A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself-dd- Jim Morrison . As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest form of appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . I don’t go by the rule book… I lead from the heart, not the head-dd- Diana, Princess of Wales . I’m selfish, impatient and a little insecure-dd- I make mistakes, I’m out of control, and at times hard to handle-dd- But if you can’t handle me at my worst, then you don’t deserve me at my best-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Be true to your work, your word, and your friend-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage-dd- Lao Tzu . It’s all about hope, kindness and a connection with one another-dd- Elizabeth Taylor . Vulnerability is the essence of romance-dd- It’s the art of being uncalculated, the willingness to look foolish, the courage to say, ‘This is me, and I’m interested in you enough to show you my flaws with the hope that you may embrace me for all that I am but, more important, all that I am not-dd-’ Ashton Kutcher . Love is just a word, but you bring it definition-dd- Eminem . Love doesn’t ask why, speaks from the heart, and never explains-dd- Céline Dion . You can’t blame gravity for falling in love-dd- Albert Einstein . There is only one happiness in life – to love and to be loved-dd- George Sand . Love is a promise; love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear-dd- John Lennon . A simple ‘I love you’ means more than money-dd- Frank Sinatra . The course of true love never did run smooth-dd- William Shakespeare . All you need is love-dd- But a little chocolate now and then doesn’t hurt-dd- Charles M-dd- Schulz (Charlie Brown) . You can’t live your life for other people-dd- You’ve got to do what’s right for you, even if it hurts some people you love-dd- Nicholas Sparks (The Notebook) . The best love is the kind that awakens the soul; that makes us reach for more; that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds-dd- Nicholas Sparks (The Notebook) . Love is a serious mental disease-dd- Plato . The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched – they must be felt with the heart-dd- Helen Keller . My religion is very simple-dd- My religion is kindness-dd- Nelson Mandela . At the end of the day, you won’t be happy until you love yourself-dd- Lady Gaga . Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation-dd- Michael Jackson . You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all-dd- Augustine of Hippo . And know that I am with you always; yes, to the end of time-dd- Jesus Christ . Kindness is a mark of faith, and whoever has not kindness has not faith-dd- Muhammad . Where there is love there is life-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The greatest pleasure of life is love-dd- Euripides . A friend is one soul abiding in two bodies-dd- Aristotle . No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another-dd- Charles Dickens . I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people-dd- Vincent van Gogh . A leader is a dealer in hope-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . We are twice armed if we fight with faith-dd- Plato . Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change-dd- Confucius . We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough-dd- Helen Keller . If you don’t like something, change it-dd- If you can’t change it, change your attitude-dd- Maya Angelou . We have the power to make this the best generation of mankind in the history of the world or make it the last-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Change is the law of life-dd- And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Hope is the bedrock of this nation-dd- The belief that our destiny will not be written for us, but by us, by all those men and women who are not content to settle for the world as it is, who have the courage to remake the world as it should be-dd- Barack Obama . How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world-dd- Anne Frank . We all do better when we work together-dd- Our differences do matter, but our common humanity matters more-dd- Bill Clinton . Will our children ask, “why didn’t you act-qq-”-dd- Or ask, “How did you find the moral courage to rise up and change-qq-” Al Gore . Remember, hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things-dd- Stephen King . I’m continually trying to make choices that put me against my own comfort zone-dd- As long as you’re uncomfortable, it means you’re growing-dd- Ashton Kutcher . You’ve got enemies-qq- Good, that means you actually stood up for something-dd- Eminem . From the beginning, it wasn’t about the ends-dd- It was about busting raps and standing for something-dd- Eminem . Nobody can give you freedom-dd- Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything-dd- If you’re a man, you take it-dd- Malcolm X . You have to wake the people up first, then you’ll get action-dd- Malcolm X . Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced-dd- James Baldwin . Don’t aspire to make a living, aspire to make a difference-dd- Denzel Washington . I would like to be remembered as a person who wanted to be free… so other people would be also free-dd- Rosa Parks . Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe-dd- Voltaire . A lot of people are afraid to say what they want-dd- That’s why they don’t get what they want-dd- Madonna . If you wanna make the world a better place, take a look at yourself, then make that change-dd- Michael Jackson . The philosophers have only interpreted the world, in various ways-dd- The point, however, is to change it-dd- Karl Marx . This is the mark of a really admirable man: steadfastness in the face of trouble-dd- Ludwig van Beethoven . The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things-dd- He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things-dd- Ronald Reagan . The biggest risk is not taking any risk… In a world that changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks-dd- Mark Zuckerberg . Who cares about winning-qq- We should focus on serving-dd- Justin Trudeau . In times of rapid change, experience could be your worst enemy-dd- J-dd- Paul Getty . If you want to make enemies, try to change something-dd- Woodrow Wilson . Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper-dd- Francis Bacon . One child, one teacher, one book, one pen can change the world-dd- Malala Yousafzai . The highest result of education is tolerance-dd- Helen Keller . Experience is the teacher of all things-dd- Julius Caesar . It is better to create than to learn-xx- Creating is the essence of life-dd- Julius Caesar . In the new economy, information, education and motivation are everything-dd- Bill Clinton . Always aim high, work hard, and care deeply about what you believe in-dd- Hillary Clinton . Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Being hardworking is the best thing you can show children-dd- David Beckham . Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today-dd- Malcolm X . It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men-dd- Frederick Douglass . Practice does not make perfect-dd- Only perfect practice makes perfect-dd- Vince Lombardi . Be alone, that is the secret of invention; be alone, that is when ideas are born-dd- Nikola Tesla . The mind, once stretched by a new idea, never returns to its original dimensions-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . In order to write about life first you must live it-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers-dd- Voltaire . Life isn’t about finding yourself-dd- Life is about creating yourself-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow-dd- Plato . Tell me and I forget-dd- Teach me and I remember-dd- Involve me and I learn-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Who is wise-qq- He that learns from every one-dd- Benjamin Franklin . An investment in knowledge pays the best interest-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Dost thou love life-qq- Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Real knowledge is to know the extent of one’s ignorance-dd- Confucius . Don’t you ever let a soul in the world tell you that you can’t be exactly who you are-dd- Lady Gaga . The greatest education in the world is watching the masters at work-dd- Michael Jackson . The big lesson in life, baby, is never be scared of anyone or anything-dd- Frank Sinatra . Education begins the gentleman, but reading, good company and reflection must finish him-dd- John Locke . Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree-dd- Martin Luther . When you can’t make them see the light, make them feel the heat-dd- Ronald Reagan . You cannot teach a man anything; you can only help him find it within himself-dd- Galileo Galilei . The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Curious that we spend more time congratulating people who have succeeded than encouraging people who have not-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . There is no greater education than one that is self-driven-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . You are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent forth-dd- Kahlil Gibran . You should learn from your competitor, but never copy-dd- Copy and you die-dd- Jack Ma . It’s what you learn after you know it all that counts-dd- John Wooden . What would you do if you weren’t afraid-qq- Sheryl Sandberg (Facebook) . Hasta la vista, baby-dd- Terminator . I’ll be back-dd- Terminator . Salvation lies within-dd- Shawshank Redemption . Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies-dd- Shawshank Redemption . I guess it comes down to a simple choice, really-dd- Get busy living or get busy dying-dd- Shawshank Redemption . Elementary, my dear Watson-dd- The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes . I am your father-dd- Star Wars . May the Force be with you-dd- Star Wars . Chewie, we’re home-dd- Star Wars . Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi-dd- You’re my only hope-dd- Star Wars . May the Force be with you-dd- Star Wars . You wasted $150,000 on an education you coulda got for $1-dd-50 in late fees at the public library-dd- Good Will Hunting . You’ll have bad times, but it’ll always wake you up to the good stuff you weren’t paying attention to-dd- Good Will Hunting . Going in one more round when you don’t think you can-dd- That’s what makes all the difference in your life-dd- Rocky Balboa . Wax on, wax off-dd- The Karate Kid . Life’s simple-dd- You make choices and you don’t look back-dd- The Fast and The Furious . The most important thing in life will always be the people in this room-dd- Right here, right now-dd- The Fast and The Furious . I’m having an old friend for dinner-dd- The Silence of the Lambs . Houston, we have a problem-dd- Apollo 13 . I feel the need – the need for speed-xx- Top Gun . Life is like a box of chocolates-dd- You never know what you’re going to get-dd- Forrest Gump . I don’t want to survive-dd- I want to live-dd- 12 Years a Slave . Frankly, my dear, I don’t give a damn-dd- Gone With the Wind . The name’s Bond-dd- James Bond-dd- James Bond . I’m going to make him an offer he can’t refuse-dd- The Godfather . Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer-dd- The Godfather . Here’s looking at you, kid-dd- Casablanca . There’s no place like home-dd- The Wizard of Oz . Show me the money-xx- Jerry Maguire . Roads-qq- Where we’re going we don’t need roads-dd- Back to the Future . Good morning, Vietnam-xx- Good Morning, Vietnam . You’re gonna need a bigger boat-dd- Jaws . Love means never having to say you’re sorry-dd- Love Story . They may take our lives, but they’ll never take our freedom-xx- Braveheart . When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible-dd- When Harry Met Sally . I’m the king of the world-xx- Titanic . You get what you settle for-dd- Thelma and Louise . The things you own end up owning you-dd- Fight Club . Advertising has us chasing cars and clothes, working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we don’t need-dd- Fight Club . We buy things we don’t need, to impress people we don’t like-dd- Fight Club . It’s only after we’ve lost everything that we’re free to do anything-dd- Fight Club . Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time-dd- We are the ones we’ve been waiting for-dd- We are the change that we seek-dd- Barack Obama . Who questions much, shall learn much, and retain much-dd- Francis Bacon . Life itself is your teacher, and you are in a state of constant learning-dd- Bruce Lee . A dull mind gets bored easily-dd- A curious mind expands forever-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Play is the highest form of research-dd- Albert Einstein . A generation of auto-didacts, educated by the Internet and leveraged by technology, will eventually starve the industrial-education system-dd- Naval Ravikant . A well-educated mind will always have more questions than answers-dd- Helen Keller . Children must be taught how to think, not what to think-dd- Margaret Mead . Teaching kids to count is fine, but teaching them what counts is best-dd- Bob Talber . Kids don’t remember what you try to teach them-dd- They remember what you are-dd- Jim Henson . The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled-dd- Plutarch . A mind is a terrible thing to waste-dd- United Negro College Fund . A room without books is like a body without a soul-dd- Cicero . They know enough who know how to learn-dd- Henry Adams . The person who asks questions is more helpful than the person who offers advice-dd- James Clear . The more you make it easy for your kids, the more your remove the struggle necessary for learning-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I would rather entertain and hope that people learned something than educate people and hope they were entertained-dd- Walt Disney . People learn more on their own rather than being force fed-dd- Socrates . The giving of love is an education in itself-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Teachers open the door, but you must enter by yourself-dd- Chinese proverb . Skepticism: the mark and even the pose of the educated mind-dd- John Dewey . If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need-dd- Cicero . Instruction does much, but encouragement everything-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Free education is abundant, all over the Internet-dd- It’s the desire to learn that’s scarce-dd- Naval Ravikant . Education would be much more effective if its purpose was to ensure that by the time they leave school every boy and girl should know how much they do not know, and be imbued with a lifelong desire to know it-dd- William Haley . A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves-dd- Lao Tzu . Learning is like rowing upstream: not to advance is to drop back-dd- Chinese proverb . No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness and generosity hidden in the soul of a child-dd- The effort of every true education should be to unlock that treasure-dd- Emma Goldman . Only the autodidacts are free-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Learning is not compulsory… neither is survival-dd- W-dd- Edwards Deming . You educate a man; you educate a man-dd- You educate a woman; you educate a generation-dd- Brigham Young . Education begins the gentleman, but reading, good company and reflection must finish him-dd- John Locke . Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don’t-dd- Bill Nye . The best teachers are those who show you where to look but don’t tell you what to see-dd- Alexandra K-dd- Trenfor . The highest result of education is tolerance-dd- Helen Keller (This is one of my favorite education quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . I am still learning-dd- Michelangelo . Learning never exhausts the mind-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Education is what remains after one has forgotten everything he learned in school-dd- Albert Einstein . I have never let my schooling interfere with my education-dd- Mark Twain . The learned man knows that he is ignorant-dd- Victor Hugo . The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Failure is success if we learn from it-dd- Malcolm Forbes . You can never be overdressed or overeducated-dd- Oscar Wilde . Minds are like parachutes, they only function when they are open-dd- James Dewar . The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you-dd- B-dd- B-dd- King . Nine tenths of education is encouragement-dd- Anatole France . To teach is to learn twice-dd- Joseph Joubert . Responsibility educates-dd- Wendell Phillips . If you think education is expensive, try ignorance-dd- Andy McIntyre . The world exists for the education of each man-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Success is a poor teacher-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . There is no education like adversity-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . There is no failure-dd- Only feedback-dd- Robert Allen . When you learn, teach-dd- When you get, give-dd- Maya Angelou . If you don’t go after what you want, you’ll never have it-dd- If you don’t ask, the answer is always no-dd- If you don’t step forward, you’re always in the same place-dd- Nora Roberts . Always do your best-dd- What you plant now, you will harvest later-dd- Og Mandino . Don’t let your learning lead to knowledge-dd- Let your learning lead to action-dd- Jim Rohn . With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . The ideal school would teach health, wealth, and happiness-dd- It‘d be free, self-paced, and available to all-dd- It‘d show opposing ideas and students would self-verify truth-dd- No grades, no tests, no diplomas – just learning-dd- Actually, you’re already here-dd- Careful who you follow-dd- Naval Ravikant . It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop-dd- Confucius . Every child deserves a champion: an adult who will never give up on them, who understands the power of connection and insists they become the best they can possibly be-dd- Rita Pierson . They cannot stop me-dd- I will get my education, if it is in the home, school, or anyplace-dd- Malala Yousafzai . All who have meditated on the art of governing mankind have been convinced that the fate of empires depends on the education of youth-dd- Aristotle . Apply yourself-dd- Get all the education you can, but then, by God, do something-dd- Don’t just stand there, make it happen-dd- Lee Iacocca . Act as if what you do makes a difference-dd- It does-dd- William James . Believe in yourself-xx- Have faith in your abilities-xx- Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . If people did not do silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done-dd- Ludwig Wittgenstein . Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . You know how to tell if the teacher is hung over-qq- Movie Day-dd- Jay Mohr . To add a library to a house is to give that house a soul-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . You can learn many things from children-dd- How much patience you have, for instance-dd- Franklin P-dd- Jones . Having a two-year-old is like having a blender that you don’t have the top for-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . Any kid will run any errand for you if you ask at bedtime-dd- Red Skelton . The human brain is special-dd- It starts working as soon as you get up and it doesn’t stop until you get to school-dd- Milton Berle . Be careful about reading health books-dd- You may die of a misprint-dd- Mark Twain . Education: the path from cocky ignorance to miserable uncertainty-dd- Mark Twain . When a teacher calls a boy by his entire name, it means trouble-dd- Mark Twain . I was reading the dictionary-dd- I thought it was a poem about everything-dd- Steven Wright . The Seinfeld motto: No learning, no hugging-dd- Julia Louis-Dreyfus . Time is the best teacher, but unfortunately, it kills all of its students-dd- Robin Williams . Teachers are those who help us in resolving problems which, without them, we wouldn’t have-dd- Unknown . Marriage can wait, education cannot-dd- Khaled Hosseini . When the student is ready, the master appears-dd- Buddhist proverb . If a seed of a lettuce will not grow, we do not blame the lettuce-dd- Instead, the fault lies with us for not having nourished the seed properly-dd- Buddhist proverb . A single conversation with a wise man is better than 10 years of study-dd- Chinese proverb . Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere-dd- Chinese proverb . Tell me and I’ll forget; show me and I may remember; involve me and I’ll understand-dd- Chinese proverb . If you are planning for a year, sow rice; if you are planning for a decade, plant trees; if you are planning for a lifetime, educate people-dd- Chinese proverb . Give me a fish and I eat for a day-dd- Teach me to fish and I eat for a lifetime-dd- Chinese proverb . Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere-dd- Chinese proverb . He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever-dd- Chinese proverb . Do not confine your children to your own learning, for they were born in another time-dd- Chinese proverb . Wise men may not be learned; learned men may not be wise-dd- Chinese proverb . A stumble may prevent a fall-dd- English Proverb . Despise school and remain a fool-dd- German proverb . All things good to know are difficult to learn-dd- Greek proverb . An apprentice near a temple will recite the scriptures untaught-dd- Japanese proverb . Fall down seven times, stand up eight-dd- Japanese proverb . Better than a thousand days of diligent study is one day with a great teacher-dd- Japanese proverb . By learning you will teach; by teaching you will understand-dd- Latin proverb . Knowledge is learning something new every day-dd- Wisdom is letting go of something every day-dd- Zen proverb . Teaching is the royal road to learning-dd- Jessamyn West . Man can learn nothing except by going from the known to the unknown-dd- Claude Bernard . The real key to learning something quickly is to take a deliberate, intelligent approach to your learning-dd- Lindsay Kolowich . The best teacher is experience and not through someone’s distorted point of view-dd- Jack Kerouac . Everybody’s a teacher if you listen-dd- Doris Roberts . There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm-dd- Willa Cather . Love is a better teacher than duty-dd- Albert Einstein . You get educated by traveling-dd- Solange Knowles . I never teach my pupils; I only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn-dd- Albert Einstein . Peace is a necessity for education-dd- Malala Yousafzai . What we learn with pleasure we never forget-dd- Alfred Mercier . Success is a lousy teacher-dd- It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose-dd- Bill Gates . Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . I like to listen-dd- I have learned a great deal from listening carefully-dd- Most people never listen-dd- Ernest Hemingway . I learned from watching and I learned from doing-dd- Claire Bloom . Seeing much, suffering much, and studying much, are the three pillars of learning-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . There’s no learning without trying lots of ideas and failing lots of times-dd- Jonathan Ive . Learning is acquired by reading books, but the much more necessary learning, the knowledge of the world, is only to be acquired by reading men, and studying all the various facets of them-dd- Lord Chesterfield . Whatever you are doing, put your whole mind on it-dd- If you are shooting, your mind should be only on the target-dd- Then you will never miss-dd- If you are learning your lessons, think only of the lesson-dd- Swami Sivananda . We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself-dd- Lloyd Alexander . You can learn so much just by doing, not by listening to anybody-dd- Juliana Hatfield . If I am walking with two other men, each of them will serve as my teacher-dd- I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself-dd- Confucius . There is a huge value in learning with instant feedback-dd- Anant Agarwal . At the very core of my relationship to learning is the idea that we should be as organic as possible-dd- We need to cultivate a deeply refined introspective sense, and build our relationship to learning around our nuance of character-dd- Joshua Waitzkin . The important thing is to learn a lesson every time you lose-dd- Life is a learning process and you have to try to learn what’s best for you-dd- Let me tell you, life is not fun when you’re banging your head against a brick wall all the time-dd- John McEnroe . Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new-dd- Og Mandino . You aren’t learning anything when you’re talking-dd- Lyndon B-dd- Johnson . You should learn from your competitor, but never copy-dd- Copy and you die-dd- Jack Ma . You never really learn much from hearing yourself talk-dd- George Clooney . One of the reasons people stop learning is that they become less and less willing to risk failure-dd- John W-dd- Gardner . People who switch between tasks tend to lose time and have problems staying on task-dd- Kendra Cherry . Neither comprehension nor learning can take place in an atmosphere of anxiety-dd- Rose Kennedy . The past has infinite value if one learns from it-dd- Ken Hensley . Your best teacher is your last mistake-dd- Ralph Nader . If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid-dd- Epictetus . You don’t learn to walk by following rules-dd- You learn by doing, and by falling over-dd- Richard Branson . You learn more when things go wrong-dd- David E-dd- Kelley . If you learn from defeat, you haven’t really lost-dd- Zig Ziglar . By seeking and blundering we learn-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . You will either step forward into growth, or you will step backward into safety-dd- Abraham Maslow . I learn the most from making my own mistakes-dd- David Fincher . Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new-dd- Albert Einstein . But I look at failure as education-dd- In that respect, I am so well-educated-dd- Kathy Ireland . Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble-dd- Shahrukh Khan . The greatest teacher I know is the job itself-dd- James Cash Penney . I’ve learned to let things roll off my back-dd- Leighton Meester . Observation more than books, experience rather than persons, are the prime educators-dd- A-dd- Bronson Alcott . The first lesson I’ve learned is that no matter what you do in your life, you have to figure out your own internal rhythms – I mean, what works for you doesn’t necessarily work for your friend-dd- Hillary Clinton . All things are lessons that God would have us learn-dd- Iyanla Vanzant . This world is your best teacher-dd- There is a lesson in everything-dd- There is a lesson in each experience-dd- Learn it and become wise-dd- Every failure is a stepping stone to success-dd- Every difficulty or disappointment is a trial of your faith-dd- Every unpleasant incident or temptation is a test of your inner strength-dd- Therefore nil desperandum-dd- March forward hero-xx- Swami Sivananda . You take an educated gamble-dd- If you don’t occasionally make a mistake, you’re not doing your job-dd- James Sinegal . Learn from the past, look to the future, but live in the present-dd- Petra Nemcova . Events are the best teacher for us-dd- You try to learn from people, there is always some bend to it-dd- Yoko Ono . Aim for success, not perfection-dd- Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life-dd- Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism-dd- David M-dd- Burns . Learning starts with failure; the first failure is the beginning of education-dd- John Hersey . What is defeat-qq- Nothing but education-dd- Nothing but the first step to something better-dd- Wendell Phillips . Failure is a great teacher, and I think when you make mistakes and you recover from them and you treat them as valuable learning experiences, then you’ve got something to share-dd- Steve Harvey . A smart man makes a mistake, learns from it, and never makes that mistake again-dd- But a wise man finds a smart man and learns from him how to avoid the mistake altogether-dd- Roy H-dd- Williams . Experience is the only teacher we have-dd- We may talk and reason all our lives, but we shall not understand a word of truth until we experience it ourselves-dd- Swami Sivananda . Give me a fruitful error any time, full of seeds, bursting with its own corrections-dd- You can keep your sterile truth for yourself-dd- Vilfredo Pareto . The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate-dd- Doug Larson . Never mistake a single mistake with a final mistake-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . Experience: that most brutal of teachers-dd- But you learn, my God do you learn-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills-dd- Minna Antrim . I learned the value of hard work by working hard-dd- Margaret Mead . Prosperity is a great teacher; adversity a greater-dd- William Hazlitt . The best education in the world is that got by struggling to get a living-dd- Wendell Phillips . I learned to focus and work hard and not give up-dd- I learned that every obstacle is really an opportunity-dd- Jenna Ushkowitz . I learned that focus is key-dd- Not just in your running a company, but in your personal life as well-dd- Tim Cook . On Albert Einstein: Unlike most of his schoolmates, and schoolchildren today for that matter, the young Albert supplemented his education at school with his own self-styled curriculum at home and developed the skills he deemed important-dd- He read and read and read-dd- When he was hard at work, even the chaos of the family’s constant chatter could not distract the little autodidact-dd- Jurgen Neffe . The internet is the best school ever created-dd- The best peers are on the Internet-dd- The best books are on the Internet-dd- The best teachers are on the Internet-dd- The tools for learning are abundant-dd- It’s the desire to learn that’s scarce-dd- Naval Ravikant . Our greatest weakness lies in giving up-dd- The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Believe in yourself and all that you are-dd- Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle-dd- Christian D-dd- Larson . The important thing in life is not the triumph but the struggle-dd- Pierre de Coubertin . A scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar-dd- Lao Tzu . Suffering is one of life’s great teachers-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . In solitude the mind gains strength and learns to lean upon itself-dd- Laurence Sterne . I learn the most when it’s really, really tough-dd- Maxime Lagace . I wrote my first novel at the age of 19-dd- […] I didn’t get published until I was 28-dd- There was a lot of learning from 19 to 28-dd- Nicholas Sparks . I think if you keep working hard and following your dreams, you can accomplish everything you set your mind to-dd- Sundar Pichai, Google CEO . I think that obstacles lead to growth and ultimately, the most learning I’ve done in my life is between jobs-dd- Anthony Michael Hall . Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence-dd- Abigail Adams . With an education you all have everything you need to rise above all of the noise and fulfill every last one of your dreams-dd- Michelle Obama . You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Resiliency is a skill that cannot be overlooked-dd- In fact, it can be a skill that is the difference between surviving and thriving-dd- Laurie A-dd- Namey . A good teacher must know the rules; a good pupil, the exceptions-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . You are rewarding a teacher poorly if you remain always a pupil-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . My whole teaching is simply this: Whatsoever you are, accept it so totally that nothing is left to be achieved, and you will become a white cloud-dd- Osho . Every child is simple, just a clean slate-dd- Then the parents start writing on his slate – what he has to become-dd- Then the teachers, the priests, the leaders – they all go on emphasizing that you have to become somebody; otherwise, you have wasted your life-dd- Just the opposite is the case-dd- You are a being-dd- You need not become anybody else-dd- That is the meaning of simplicity: remaining at ease with one’s being, and not going on any track of becoming – which is unending-dd- Osho . On questioning everything: It would infuriate my parents that I wouldn’t just believe them when they said something, because I asked them why and then I consider whether that response made sense given everything else I know-dd- Elon Musk . I think people can choose to be not ordinary-dd- They can choose to not necessarily conform to the conventions that were taught to them by their parents-dd- So yes, I think it’s possible for ordinary people to choose to be extraordinary-dd- Elon Musk . Passive acceptance of the teacher’s wisdom is easy to most boys and girls-dd- It involves no effort of independent thought, and seems rational because the teacher knows more than his pupils; it is moreover the way to win the favor of the teacher unless he is a very exceptional man-dd- Yet the habit of passive acceptance is a disastrous one in later life-dd- It causes man to seek and to accept a leader, and to accept as a leader whoever is established in that position-dd- Bertrand Russell . Do not believe in anything simply because you have heard it-dd- Do not believe in anything simply because it is spoken and rumored by many-dd- Do not believe in anything simply because it is found written in your religious books-dd- Do not believe in anything merely on the authority of your teachers and elders-dd- Do not believe in traditions because they have been handed down for many generations-dd- But after observation and analysis, when you find that anything agrees with reason and is conducive to the good and benefit of one and all, then accept it and live up to it-dd- Buddha . The truth is when I went to graduate school I would’ve said I was among the least talented of the students, I was certainly the least smart, or less educated-dd- But I worked very hard-dd- Mary Karr . It is important that students bring a certain ragamuffin, barefoot irreverence to their studies; they are not here to worship what is known, but to question it-dd- Jacob Bronowski . Don’t say you don’t have enough time-dd- You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr-dd- . Learning acquired in youth arrests the evil of old age; and if you understand that old age has wisdom for its food, you will so conduct yourself in youth that your old age will not lack for nourishment-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . The function of a child is to live his/her own life, not the life that his/her anxious parents think he/she should live, nor a life according to the purpose of the educators who thinks they knows best-dd- A-dd-S-dd- Neill . The middle years should be so busy, so demanding, so active, so adventurous that adolescents should barely have time for introspection-dd- Michael Barber . Any fool can know-dd- The point is to understand-dd- Albert Einstein . The more that you read, the more things you will know-dd- The more that you learn, the more places you’ll go-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Learn what is true in order to do what is right-dd- Thomas Huxley . Try to learn something about everything and everything about something-dd- Thomas Huxley . What is important is to keep learning, to enjoy challenge, and to tolerate ambiguity-dd- In the end there are no certain answers-dd- Martina Horner . The key thing to remember about me is that I’m still a student-dd- I’m still in boot camp-dd- Steve Jobs . Learning is a result of listening, which in turn leads to even better listening and attentiveness to the other person-dd- In other words, to learn from the child, we must have empathy, and empathy grows as we learn-dd- Alice Miller . A little learning is a dangerous thing, but a lot of ignorance is just as bad-dd- Bob Edwards . I learned how to win by losing and not liking it-dd- Tom Watson . I think my parents gave me a love of learning; from there you set out on your own path-dd- Gore Verbinski . Learning how to work and learning how to fail is important-dd- Jamie Moyer . Every act of conscious learning requires the willingness to suffer an injury to one’s self-esteem-dd- That is why young children, before they are aware of their own self-importance, learn so easily-dd- Thomas Szasz . All are agreed, that the increase of learning and good morals are great blessings to society-dd- Joseph Lancaster . The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live-dd- Mortimer Adler . What I’ve come to know is that in life, it’s not always the questions we ask, but rather our ability to hear the answers that truly enriches our understanding-dd- Never, never stop learning-dd- Lester Holt . The gateways to wisdom and learning are always open, and more and more I am choosing to walk through them-dd- Barriers, blocks, obstacles, and problems are personal teachers giving me the opportunity to move out of the past and into the Totality of Possibilities-dd- Louise L-dd- Hay . If we learn not humility, we learn nothing-dd- John Jewel . You should put time into learning your craft-dd- It seems like people want success so quickly, way before they’re ready-dd- Lucinda Williams . The only thing that mattered was what you were to do in life, and it wasn’t about money-dd- It was about teaching, or learning-dd- Maya Lin . All the learning in the world cannot replace instinct-dd- Robert Ley . I have never in my life learned anything from any man who agreed with me-dd- Dudley Field Malone . You only stop learning when you quit-dd- Ruud Gullit . One of the bigger misconceptions of learning is that many skills take a lifetime to get world-class at, or 10,000 hours to become world-class at-dd- Tim Ferriss . People learn something every day, and a lot of times it’s that what they learned the day before was wrong-dd- Bill Vaughan . The wisest mind has something yet to learn-dd- George Santayana . There is no single way to educate-dd- Michael Gurian . Children just need the time, the space, and the permission to be kids-dd- Angela Hanscom . We should not teach children the sciences but give them a taste for them-dd- Jean Jacques Rousseau . In order to help another effectively, I must understand what he understands-dd- If I do not know that, my greater understanding will be of no help to him… instruction begins when you put yourself in his place so that you may understand what he understands and in the way he understands it-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . As a teacher, my strategy is to encourage questioning-dd- I’m the least authoritarian professor you’ll ever meet-dd- Niall Ferguson . Our job is not to prepare students for something-dd- Our job is to help students prepare themselves for anything-dd- A-dd-J-dd- Juliani . Rather than jumping straight into the answers, let’s try to start students off with the sort of questions that encourage them to do their own seeking-dd- Marianne Stenger . Humor activates our sense of wonder, which is where learning begins-dd- Sarah Henderson . Developing a desire to learn is the kindling point of all classroom achievement-dd- Robert John Meehan . The most important thing I think teachers can do for young people is to make them inquiring, is to ensure that they know how to gather information, that they check information and they take their information from a multiplicity of sources-dd- David Puttnam . The first condition of education is being able to put someone to wholesome and meaningful work-dd- John Ruskin . Children have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves-dd- Ernest Dimnet . Example is the school of mankind, and they will learn at no other-dd- Edmund Burke . Art in the classroom not only spurs creativity, it also inspires learning-dd- Mickey Hart . The dream begins with a teacher who believes in you, who tugs and pushes and leads you to the next plateau, sometimes poking you with a sharp stick called “truth”-dd- Dan Rather . The job of an educator is to teach students to see the vitality in themselves-dd- Joseph Campbell . The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind-dd- Khalil Gibran . When the atmosphere encourages learning, the learning is inevitable-dd- Elizabeth Foss . The most effective teachers embody the teaching they give out-dd- Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . A teacher’s job is to take a bunch of live wires and see that they are well-grounded-dd- D-dd- Martin . Teachers started recognizing me and praising me for being smart in science and that made me want to be even smarter in science-xx- Steve Wozniak . The secret in education lies in respecting the student-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The job of the teacher is to inspired, to challenge, to excite their students to want to learn-dd- Yes, they also do explain and demonstrate and show things, but fundamentally that is beside the point-dd- The most important thing a teacher is make every student feel like they are important, to make them feel accountable for doing the work of learning-dd- Derek Alexander Muller . The first education should be the harmonious development of the child’s physical, mental and spiritual powers-dd- Providing warm and understanding responses to your children’s ‘hearts’ accomplishes far more than pressuring book knowledge into their minds-dd- Raymond and Dorothy Moore . When the teacher regards each student as a unique individual and therefore not to be compared with any other, he is then not concerned with system or method-dd- His sole concern is with ‘helping’ the student to understand the conditioning influences about him and within himself, so that he can face intelligently without fear, the complex process of living and not add more problems to the already existing mess-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of becoming-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The art of teaching is the art of assisting discovery-dd- Mark Van Doren . The whole art of teaching is only the art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards-dd- Anatole France . One of the main focuses of my training sessions is to help individuals find their unique voices in the learning process-dd- We all have our strengths, our weaknesses, our styles of learning, our personalities-dd- Developing introspective sensitivity to these issues is critical to long-term success-dd- Joshua Waitzkin . You can teach a student a lesson for a day; but if you can teach him to learn by creating curiosity, he will continue the learning process as long as he lives-dd- Clay P-dd- Bedford . A teacher who is not dogmatic is simply a teacher who is not teaching-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . There are two kinds of teachers: the kind that fill you with so much quail shot that you can’t move, and the kind that just gives you a little prod behind and you jump to the skies-dd- Robert Frost . The average teacher explains complexity; the gifted teacher reveals simplicity-dd- Robert Brault . An eternal question about children is, how should we educate them-qq- Politicians and educators consider more school days in a year, more science and math, the use of computers and other technology in the classroom, more exams and tests, more certification for teachers, and less money for art-dd- All of these responses come from the place where we want to make the child into the best adult possible, not in the ancient Greek sense of virtuous and wise, but in the sense of one who is an efficient part of the machinery of society-dd- But on all these counts, soul is neglected-dd- Thomas Moore . A child seldom needs a good talking to as a good listening-dd- Robert Brault . Rewards and punishment is the lowest form of education-dd- Zhuangzi . Too often we give children answers to remember rather than problems to solve-dd- Roger Lewin . Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon-dd- E-dd-M-dd- Forster . The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher regard those who think alike than those who think differently-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . If you’re teaching today what you were teaching five years ago, either the field is dead or you are-dd- Noam Chomsky . Please stop teaching my children that everyone gets a trophy just for participating-dd- What is this, the Nobel Prize-qq- Not everybody gets a trophy-dd- Glenn Beck . It is easier for a tutor to command than to teach-dd- John Locke . I had teachers who I could tell didn’t want to be there-dd- And I just couldn’t get inspired by someone who didn’t want to be there-dd- Hilary Swank . A child cannot be taught by anyone who despises him-dd- James Baldwin . Much education today is monumentally ineffective-dd- All too often we are giving young people cut flowers when we should be teaching them to grow their own plants-dd- John W-dd- Gardner . The most beautiful things in the creating of the child are his ‘mistakes’-dd- The more a child’s work is full of these individual mistakes the more wonderful it is-dd- And the more a teacher removes them from the child’s work the duller, more desolate and impersonal it becomes-dd- Franz Cizek . Fear is not a good teacher-dd- The lessons of fear are quickly forgotten-dd- Mary Catherine Bateson . A good teacher is one who makes himself progressively unnecessary-dd- Thomas Carruthers . There is no recipe to be a great teacher, that’s what is unique about them-dd- Robert Sternberg . So what does a good teacher do-qq- Create tension – but just the right amount-dd- Donald Norman . We expert teachers know that motivation and emotional impact are what matter-dd- Donald Norman . Great teachers are earnest learners-dd- Rebecca Alber . A good teacher is a master of simplification and an enemy of simplism-dd- Louis A-dd- Berman . A teacher is never a giver of truth – he is a guide, a pointer to the truth that each student must find for himself-dd- A good teacher is merely a catalyst-dd- Bruce Lee . The mediocre teacher tells-dd- The good teacher explains-dd- The superior teacher demonstrates-dd- The great teacher inspires-dd- William Arthur Ward . Good teachers make the best of a pupil’s means; great teachers foresee a pupil’s ends-dd- Maria Callas . Good teachers know how to bring out the best in students-dd- Charles Kuralt . A good teacher will appreciate the good qualities of his students-dd- If one good quality is allowed to emerge, a world of good qualities will emerge from that one-dd- Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . The best teacher is the one who suggests rather than dogmatizes, and inspires his listener with the wish to teach himself-dd- Edward G-dd- Bulwer-Lytton . Good teaching is more a giving of right questions than a giving of right answers-dd- Josef Albers . Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths theater-dd- Gail Godwin . Tragedy is a hell of a teacher-dd- It’s much too strict, but it’s a hell of a teacher-dd- Harlan Coben . Our best teachers do more than impart facts and figures – they inspire and encourage students and instill a true desire to learn-dd- That’s a fine art in itself-dd- Sonny Perdue . Great teachers transcend ideology-dd- Suzanne Fields . We need teachers – an hero in every classroom-dd- Unknown . Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions-dd- Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great-dd- Mark Twain . The great moral teachers of humanity were, in a way, artistic geniuses in the art of living-dd- Albert Einstein . A truly special teacher is very wise, and sees tomorrow in every child’s eyes-dd- Unknown . Teaching is the profession that teaches all the other professions-dd- Unknown . I am indebted to my father for living, but to my teacher for living well-dd- Alexander the Great . A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops-dd- Henry Adams . If you have to put someone on a pedestal, put teachers-dd- They are society’s heroes-dd- Guy Kawasaki . Teachers are unparalleled in the role they play in children’s lives-dd- Jon Porter . Anyone who does anything to help a child in his life is a hero to me-dd- Fred Rodgers . I like a teacher who gives you something to take home to think about besides homework-dd- Lily Tomlin . Teachers appreciate being appreciated, for teacher appreciation is their highest award-dd- Prince William . I’m convinced many of America’s heroes are public school teachers and administrators-dd- Adam Hamilton . Everyone who remembers his own education remembers teachers, not methods and techniques-dd- The teacher is the heart of the educational system-dd- Sidney Hook . One looks back with appreciation to the brilliant teachers, but with gratitude to those who touched our human feelings-dd- The curriculum is so much necessary raw material, but warmth is the vital element for the growing plant and for the soul of the child-dd- Carl Jung . Teachers are our greatest public servants; they spend their lives educating our young people and shaping our Nation for tomorrow-dd- Solomon Ortiz . Teachers have the hardest and most important jobs in America-dd- They’re building our nation-dd- And we should appreciate them, respect them, and pay them well-dd- Jim Hunt . No one is more important to the future of our state than our teachers-dd- Mike Huckabee . Teachers are the one and only people who save nations-dd- Kemal Ataturk . Teachers have a chance to mold someone, inspire them-dd- I hope all teachers realize that-dd- Kevin James . In teaching you cannot see the fruit of a day’s work-dd- It is invisible and remains so, maybe for twenty years-dd- Jacques Barzun . A teacher is a person who never says anything once-dd- Howard Nemerov . Kids’ views are often just as valid as the teachers’-dd- The best teachers are the ones that know that-dd- Morley Safer . Technology is just a tool-dd- In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important-dd- Bill Gates . I think eventually I want to become a teacher, like my father wanted to be, and hopefully positively influence the next generation-dd- Ann Curry . When I ask teachers why they teach, they almost always say that it is because they want to make a difference in the lives of children-dd- Arne Duncan . What the teacher is, is more important than what he teaches-dd- Karl Menninger . I’m lucky I had some teachers who saw something in me-dd- Ann Bancroft . I don’t think most teachers realize how much impact they have-dd- Scott Hamilton . I am not a teacher, but an awakener-dd- Robert Frost . Every student can learn, just not on the same day, or the same way-dd- George Evans . Nothing that is worth knowing can be taught-dd- Oscar Wilde . Teaching is the greatest act of optimism-dd- Colleen Wilcox . The teacher is the one who gets the most out of the lessons, and the true teacher is the learner-dd- Elbert Hubbard . I always felt I needed to teach to survive-dd- Leonard Baskin . It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge-dd- Albert Einstein . The dream begins with a teacher who believes in you, who tugs and pushes and leads you to the next plateau, sometimes poking you with a sharp stick called ‘truth’-dd- Dan Rather . Without any doubt at all, teacher quality is the fundamental differentiator-dd- Not just, incidentally, of education, but I would argue, probably the biggest single differentiator of success for the nations of the 21st Century-dd- David Puttnam . The greatest sign of success for a teacher… is to be able to say, ‘The children are now working as if I did not exist-dd-’ Maria Montessori . We teachers can only help the work going on, as servants wait upon a master-dd- Maria Montessori . I cannot emphasize enough the importance of a good teacher-dd- Temple Grandin . I’ve come to a frightening conclusion that I am the decisive element in the classroom-dd- It’s my personal approach that creates the climate-dd- It’s my daily mood that makes the weather-dd- As a teacher, I possess a tremendous power to make a child’s life miserable or joyous-dd- I can be a tool of torture or an instrument of inspiration-dd- I can humiliate or heal-dd- In all situations, it is my response that decides whether a crisis will be escalated or de-escalated and a child humanized or dehumanized-dd- Haim G-dd- Ginott . I think once you’re in the public eye, whether you’re a boss, a teacher or whatever you do, that you’re automatically in the position of role model-dd- You have people looking up to you, so whether you choose to accept it or not is a different question-dd- Talib Kweli . Teaching is an instinctual art, mindful of potential, craving of realizations, a pausing, seamless process-dd- A-dd- Bartlett Giamatti . Parents: let your kids fail-dd- You’ll be doing them a favor-dd- Jenny Anderson . Dear parents, have great patience, and forgive from the depths of your heart-dd- Pope Francis . Children need love, especially when they do not deserve it-dd- Harold Hulbert . My parents taught me I could be anything in the world I wanted to be-dd- Joan Jett . I learned most, not from those who taught me but from those who talked with me-dd- Saint Augustine . Parents need to fill a child’s bucket of self-esteem so night that the rest of the world can’t poke enough holes to drain it dry-dd- Alvin Price . And you know, life is a constant learning experience-dd- I learn so much with my kids-dd- I read tons of books and study what they’re studying-dd- Reese Witherspoon . I got a lot of support from my parents-dd- That’s the one thing I always appreciated-dd- They didn’t tell me I was being stupid; they told me I was being funny-dd- Jim Carrey . On his father: He spent a lot of time with me… teaching me how to build things, how to take things apart, put things back together-dd- Steve Jobs . If parents want to give their children a gift, the best thing they can do is to teach their children to love challenges, be intrigued by mistakes, enjoy effort, and keep on learning-dd- That way, their children don’t have to be slaves of praise-dd- Carol Dweck . Growing up, my parents were my heroes, in the way they conducted their lives-dd- Chris Hemsworth . My parents never talked to me like I was a kid-dd- Maybe that’s why I’ve been seen as mature-dd- Dakota Fanning . Honour your daughters, trust them and most importantly, educate them-dd- Ziauddin Yousafzai . I see my upbringing as a great success story-dd- By disciplining me, my parents inculcated self-discipline-dd- And by restricting my choices as a child, they gave me so many choices in my life as an adult-dd- Because of what they did then, I get to do the work I love now-dd- Amy Chua . Example is not the main thing in influencing others-dd- It is the only thing-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Parents can lay the foundations for their teenage children to take good decisions, for example by promoting their ability to retain and elaborate information, or to balance the desire for immediate reward with the one for greater, long-term goals since a young age-dd- Andrea Danese . I was lucky to have parents who loved me-dd- Jean Paul Gaultier . I agree that a love of reading is a great gift for a parent to pass on to his or her child-dd- Ann Brashares . Perhaps the most important thing is to step back and let your child stumble-dd- Jamie M-dd- Howard . I was raised by my parents to believe that you had a moral obligation to try and help save the world-dd- Anne Lamott . My parents were very supportive-dd- They went to every show-dd- And they never told me not to do what I was doing-dd- Annette Bening . My theory is that one needs to be loved completely, unconditionally, and unfettered by parental disapproval, if one is to get happily through life which, after all, presents its own hurdles-dd- Arabella Weir . I believe that a parent’s role is to provide a path or opportunity for their children-dd- David Soul . I think if you give your best as a parent, then that’s all you can do-dd- Heidi Klum . The goal of early childhood education should be to activate the child’s own natural desire to learn-dd- Maria Montessori . The child should live in an environment of beauty-dd- Maria Montessori . My parents encouraged thought-dd- You’ll get through life better if you learn how to think-dd- Holly Near . I take parenting incredibly seriously-dd- I want to be there for my kids and help them navigate the world, and develop skills, emotional intelligence, to enjoy life, and I’m lucky to be able to do that and have two healthy, normal boys-dd- Joan Cusack . It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength-dd- Maya Angelou . If you are a parent, open doors to unknown directions to the child so he can explore-dd- Don’t make him afraid of the unknown, give him support-dd- Osho . Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness-dd- If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love-dd- Stevie Wonder . Educate your children to self-control, to the habit of holding passion and prejudice and evil tendencies subject to an upright and reasoning will, and you have done much to abolish misery from their future and crimes from society-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Children need models rather than critics-dd- Joseph Joubert . Don’t limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . It is paradoxical that many educators and parents still differentiate between a time for learning and a time for play without seeing the vital connection between them-dd- Leo Buscaglia . I think the biggest difference is that I’ve noticed Western parents seem much more concerned about their children’s psyches, their self-esteem, whereas tough immigrant parents assume strength rather than fragility in their children and therefore behave completely differently-dd- Amy Chua . Knowledge which is acquired under compulsion has no hold on the mind-dd- Therefore do not use compulsion, but let early education be a sort of amusement; you will then be better able to discover the child’s natural bent-dd- Plato . The parents have to learn that the child should not be insulted, humiliated, condemned-dd- If you want to help him, love him more-dd- Appreciate what is good in him rather than emphasizing what is bad-dd- Talk about his goodness-dd- Let the whole neighborhood know how nice and beautiful a boy he is-dd- You may be able to shift his energy from the bad side to the good side, from the dark side to the lighted side, because you will make him aware that this is the way to get respect, this is the way to be honored-dd- And you will prevent him from doing anything that makes him fall down in people’s eyes-dd- Osho . I was raised by extremely strict – but also extremely loving – Chinese immigrant parents, and I had the most wonderful childhood-xx- I remember laughing constantly with my parents – my dad is a real character and very funny-dd- I certainly did wish they allowed to me do more things-xx- Amy Chua . Parenting is the hardest thing I have ever done-dd- I tried to find the balance between the strict, traditional Chinese way I was raised, which I think can be too harsh, and what I see as a tendency in the West to be too permissive and indulgent-dd- If I could do it all again, I would, with some adjustments-dd- Amy Chua . Parents appreciate the child who agrees; they condemn the child who disagrees-dd- Osho . As a nonparent, I stand in awe of parents-dd- Philip Yancey . That best academy, a mother’s knee-dd- James Russell Lowell . One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters-dd- George Herbert . Of course, parents are the most important people in a child’s life-dd- Hillary Clinton . You are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent forth-dd- Khalil Gibran . When I look back I can’t believe how my parents managed, but the cliché is true-dd- We didn’t have money, but we were rich in so many other ways-dd- Joaquin Phoenix . Parents lend children their experience and a vicarious memory; children endow their parents with a vicarious immortality-dd- George Santayana . There is no school equal to a decent home and no teacher equal to a virtuous parent-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Be kind to your children-dd- Unless you raise them in a cardboard box without any stimulation or interaction, then they will probably be just fine-dd- Bruce Hood . What is a home without children-qq- Quiet-dd- Henny Youngman . With every word we utter, with every action we take, we know our kids are watching us-dd- Michelle Obama . Parenthood is such a lesson in self-sacrifice-dd- Angela Kinsey . Parenting is not for sissies-dd- You have to sacrifice and grow up-dd- Jillian Michaels . We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . When you become a parent, it’s not all about you anymore-dd- Carre Otis . Being a parent is not a reasonable thing-dd- It is a very hard thing-dd- I am a parent and I know-dd- Dee Snider . But now, being a parent, I go home and see my son and I forget about any mistake I ever made or the reason I’m upset-dd- I get home and my son is smiling or he comes running to me-dd- It has just made me grow as an individual and grow as a man-dd- LeBron James . When you become a parent, you look at your parents differently-dd- You look at being a child differently-dd- It’s an awakening, a revelation that you have-dd- Philip Seymour Hoffman . You know, parenting is so personal-dd- And we’re all afraid that we didn’t quite get it right-dd- And it feels like the stakes are so high-dd- By we – what if we made a mistake-qq- Amy Chua . Being a mother has been my greatest teacher and also the most self-sacrificing thing I’ve ever done-dd- Katey Sagal Even . Nothing is so contagious as example-dd- La Rochefoucauld . Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk-dd- Carl Jung . If you don’t feel safe as a child, you can’t learn-dd- Lady Gaga . I think our job as parents is to give our kids roots to grow and wings to fly-dd- Deborah Norville . Developing resilience isn’t something you do over night — it’s the work of a lifetime-dd- Connie Matthiessen . When you want to teach children to think, you begin by treating them seriously when they are little, giving them responsibilities, talking to them candidly, providing privacy and solitude for them, and making them readers and thinkers of significant thoughts from the beginning-dd- That’s if you want to teach them to think-dd- Bertrand Russell . Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them-dd- James Baldwin . My coach and my parents both had this relationship to what I was doing, which was allowing me to express myself with chess-dd- And so I could love it-dd- I had a passion for it-dd- I was expressing myself through chess, and I was learning about myself through chess-dd- Joshua Waitzkin . It is true that my parents were worried because I began to speak relatively late, so much so that they consulted a doctor-dd- I can’t say how old I was then, certainly not less than three-dd- Albert Einstein . I do believe that when your child does poorly on a test, your first step should not necessarily be to attack the teacher or the school’s curriculum-dd- It should be to look at the idea that, maybe, the child didn’t work hard enough-dd- Amy Chua . But, in fact, there is nothing that can bring you closer to fearlessness about everything else in the world than being a parent – because everyday fears – like not being approved of – pale by comparison to the fears you have about your children-dd- Arianna Huffington . I learned from my parents the idea that, if you are devoted enough and you want to study something enough, you can really teach yourself anything-dd- Brit Marling . The more certain kids are that someone’s got their back, the more confident and autonomous they can be-dd- Melinda Wenner Moyer . To educate the intelligence is to expand the horizon of its wants and desires-dd- James Russell Lowell . Education begins at home and I applaud the parents who recognize that they – not someone else – must take responsibility to assure that their children are well educated-dd- Ernest Istook . I’ve learned that the best classroom in the world is at the feet of an elderly person-dd- Andy Rooney . Education is the process of facilitating learning, or the acquisition of knowledge, skills, values, beliefs, and habits-dd- Wikipedia . Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire-dd- William Butler Yeats . Education is the art of making man ethical-dd- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel . Education is teaching our children to desire the right things-dd- Plato . Education is the power to think clearly, the power to act well in the world’s work, and the power to appreciate life-dd- Brigham Young . Education is not the piling on of learning, information, data, facts, skills, or abilities – that’s training or instruction – but is rather making visible what is hidden as a seed-dd- Thomas Moore . Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world-dd- Nelson Mandela . Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself-dd- John Dewey . Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today-dd- Malcolm X . Education is the only solution-dd- Education first-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Education is light-dd- Ignorance is darkness-dd- Ziauddin Yousafzai . Education is helping the child realize his potentialities-dd- Eric Fromm . Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . Education is the transmission of civilization-dd- Will Durant . Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance-dd- Will Durant . Education is the mother of leadership-dd- Wendell Willkie . Education is the methodical creation of the habit of thinking-dd- Ernest Dimnet . Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom-dd- George Washington Carver . Education is the leading of human souls to what is best, and making what is best out of them-dd- John Ruskin . Education is what most receive, many pass on, and few possess-dd- Karl Kraus . Education is hanging around until you’ve caught on-dd- Robert Frost . Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices-dd- Laurence J-dd- Peter . Education is not to reform students or amuse them or to make them expert technicians-dd- It is to unsettle their minds, widen their horizons, inflame their intellects, teach them to think straight, if possible-dd- Robert M-dd- Hutchins . Education is a human right with immense power to transform-dd- On its foundation rest the cornerstones of freedom, democracy and sustainable human development-dd- Kofi Annan . Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family-dd- Kofi Annan . Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence-dd- Robert Frost . Education is of far greater importance than heredity in forming character-dd- Desiderius Erasmus . Education is the vaccine for violence-dd- Edward James Olmos . Education is our greatest opportunity to give an irrevocable gift to the next generation-dd- Ernie Fletcher . Education is not a problem-dd- Education is an opportunity-dd- Lyndon B-dd- Johnson . Education is the best solution to fight many other issues as well-dd- Through education you can fight child labor-dd- Through education you can fight child trafficking-dd- Through education you can also fight poverty-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Education is the best economic policy there is-dd- Tony Blair . Education: that which reveals to the wise, and conceals from the stupid, the vast limits of their knowledge-dd- Mark Twain . Education is a vital human right and plays a key role in human, social, and economic development-dd- Global Partnership For Education . Education is a once in a lifetime opportunity to open children’s hearts and minds to the unbelievable wonder of the universe-dd- Sir Anthony Seldon . Getting a job is not the purpose of school-dd- Terry Heick . The great aim of education is not knowledge but action-dd- Herbert Spencer . The aim of education is the knowledge, not of facts, but of values-dd- William S-dd- Burroughs . Education’s purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one-dd- Malcolm S-dd- Forbes . Intelligence plus character – that is the goal of true education-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . The aim of education should be to teach us rather how to think, than what to think — rather to improve our minds, so as to enable us to think for ourselves, than to load the memory with thoughts of other men-dd- Bill Beattie . My idea of education is to unsettle the minds of the young and inflame their intellects-dd- Robert Maynard Hutchins . The one real object of education is to have a man in the condition of continually asking questions-dd- Mandell Creighton . Education must provide the opportunities for self-fulfillment; it can at best provide a rich and challenging environment for the individual to explore, in his own way-dd- Noam Chomsky . I think school is a place where thinking should be taught-dd- Edward de Bono . Education should light a fire within us to improve us and help our world-dd- Sarah Josepf . Education builds on itself, creating greater capacity to educate others and nurture a culture that values learning-dd- . The primary purpose of a liberal education is to make one’s mind a pleasant place in which to spend one’s leisure-dd- Sydney J-dd- Harris . If teaching has any purpose, it is to implant true insight and responsibility-dd- Education must lead us from irresponsible opinion to true responsible judgement-dd- It must lead us from chance and arbitrariness to rational clarity and intellectual order-dd- Ludwig Mies van der Rohe . An education isn’t how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know-dd- It’s being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don’t-dd- Anatole France . An education which does not cultivate the will is an education that depraves the mind-dd- Anatole France . Real education should educate us out of self into something far finer; into a selflessness which links us with all humanity-dd- Nancy Astor . Respect for the fragility and importance of an individual life is still the mark of an educated man-dd- Norman Cousins . It seems our schools need to find the self-confidence and determination to push ahead with an idea that goes back decades-dd- They need to show a bit of “character and resilience”-dd- Mark Easton . An educated person is one who has learned that information almost always turns out to be at best incomplete and very often false, misleading, fictitious, mendacious – just dead wrong-dd- Russell Baker . The object of education is to prepare the young to educate themselves throughout their lives-dd- Robert Maynard Hutchins . Education must enable one to sift and weigh evidence, to discern the true from the false, the real from the unreal, and the facts from the fiction-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . The aim of a college education is to teach you to know a good man when you see one-dd- William James . 145,000 deaths could have been prevented in 2010 if adults who did not finish high school had earned a GED or high school diploma — comparable to the mortality rates of smoking-dd- . When you teach your son, you teach your son’s son-dd- The Talmud . Through education we can get a broad mind-dd- Malala Yousafzai . On education: It also teaches us justice, it also teaches us respect, it teaches us how to live together-dd- Malala Yousafzai . There are obviously two educations-dd- One should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live-dd- James Truslow Adams . Upon the education of the people of this country the fate of this country depends-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Think about it: Every educated person is not rich, but almost every education person has a job and a way out of poverty-dd- So education is a fundamental solution to poverty-dd- Kathleen Blanco . Without education, you are not going anywhere in this world-dd- Malcolm X . You can’t legislate good will – that comes through education-dd- Malcolm X . Education provides us with knowledge about the world-dd- It paves the way for a good career-dd- It helps build character-dd- It leads to enlightenment-dd- It lays the foundation of a stronger nation-dd- Manali Oak . My experience and my life tell me that education has empowered me-dd- Had I not been educated, who would I have been to express my views-qq- Education gave me that power-dd- Ziauddin Yousafzai . Look at Malala-dd- If she had not been in school, she wouldn’t have been so powerful-dd- Her education gave her a power to raise her voice-dd- Had she been illiterate, she would not have been able to speak with a cause, with a vision, with persistence-dd- Ziauddin Yousafzai . No country can really develop unless its citizens are educated-dd- Nelson Mandela . Without an educated populace, democracy cannot sustain itself-dd- Phylicia Rashad . Without education, our world becomes far more narrow, isolated and uninformed-dd- Jennifer Brady . If someone is going down the wrong road, he doesn’t need motivation to speed him up-dd- What he needs is education to turn him around-dd- Jim Rohn . Intelligence and proper education will give you independence of spirit-dd- Charlotte Bronte . Education breeds confidence-dd- Confidence breeds hope-dd- Hope breeds peace-dd- Confucius . Modest doubt is called the beacon of the wise-dd- William Shakespeare . I never learned from a man who agreed with me-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . In youth we learn; in age we understand-dd- Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach . It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men-dd- Frederick Douglass . Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it-dd- Albert Einstein . When something dies is the greatest teaching-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning-dd- William Arthur Ward . If you have knowledge, let others light their candles at it-dd- Margaret Fuller . Without education, we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it’s going to be a butterfly-dd- Buckminster Fuller . You cannot teach a man anything, you can only help him find it within himself-dd- Galileo Galilei . Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon-dd- Alexander Pope . The man who is too old to learn was probably always too old to learn-dd- Henry S-dd- Haskins . What sculpture is to a block of marble education is to the human soul-dd- Joseph Addison . The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Ignoring isn’t the same as ignorance, you have to work at it-dd- Margaret Atwood . In the practice of tolerance, one’s enemy is the best teacher-dd- Dalai Lama . The solution of every problem is another problem-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Genius without education is like silver in the mine-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Study the past if you would divine the future-dd- Confucius . Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday-dd- John Wayne . If I don’t have wisdom, I can teach you only ignorance-dd- Leo Buscaglia . The educated do not share a common body of information, but a common state of mind-dd- Mason Cooley . A man’s mind may be likened to a garden, which may be intelligently cultivated or allowed to run wild; but whether cultivated or neglected, it must, and will, bring forth-dd- If no useful seeds are put into it, then an abundance of useless weed seeds will fall therein, and will continue to produce their kind-dd- James Allen . Sometimes the ignorant are among the most educated-dd- Suzanne Fields . Change is the end result of all true learning-dd- Leo Buscaglia . Progress just means bad things happen faster-dd- Terry Pratchett . Teaching is more than imparting knowledge; it is inspiring change-dd- William Arthur Ward . We need to be our own master and student-dd- There is no Master or Savior outside of us-dd- We need to change ourselves and learn to observe ourselves-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn and change-dd- Carl Rogers . One child, one teacher, one book, one pen can change the world-dd- Malala Yousafzai . You can’t be a change-maker by reading a book-dd- Bill Drayton . In Kenya I really saw that education can bring change, can really change our society-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Osho does not ask anyone to change in anyway whatsoever-dd- Transformation is a different matter and a different plane altogether-dd- Change requires horizontal movement-dd- Learning more and getting more experience and gaining knowledge makes one more knowledgeable-dd- Transformation requires vertical movement-dd- Unlearning and experiencing inner states and drowning into knowing leads to awareness-dd- Osho . My dream is to bring change to my country to make it a developed country where every child is getting an education-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Reformation, like education, is a journey, not a destination-dd- Mary Harris Jones . All I have learned, I learned from books-dd- Abraham Lincoln . I don’t think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday-dd- Abraham Lincoln . And by the way, our teachers are underpaid-dd- Barack Obama . You can’t let your failures define you-dd- You have to let your failures teach you-dd- Barack Obama . We have an obligation and a responsibility to be investing in our students and our schools-dd- We must make sure that people who have the grades, the desire and the will, but not the money, can still get the best education possible-dd- Barack Obama . We want to educate people, we want to listen to folks, we want to hear good ideas from all sources-dd- Barack Obama . Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time-dd- We are the ones we’ve been waiting for-dd- We are the change that we seek-dd- Barack Obama . A change is brought about because ordinary people do extraordinary things-dd- Barack Obama . If you’re walking down the right path and you’re willing to keep walking, eventually you’ll make progress-dd- Barack Obama . Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition-dd- It asks too little of yourself-dd- And it will leave you unfulfilled-dd- Barack Obama . The school is the last expenditure upon which America should be willing to economize-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . It’s what you learn after you know it all that counts-dd- Harry S Truman . In reading the lives of great men, I found that the first victory they won was over themselves… self-discipline with all of them came first-dd- Harry S-dd- Truman . Let us think of education as the means of developing our greatest abilities, because in each of us there is a private hope and dream which, fulfilled, can be translated into benefit for everyone and greater strength for our nation-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Our progress as a nation can be no swifter than our progress in education-dd- The human mind is our fundamental resource-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Liberty without learning is always in peril; learning without liberty is always in vain-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have-dd- Thomas Jefferson . The man who reads nothing at all is better educated than the man who reads nothing but newspapers-dd- Thomas Jefferson . My education was interrupted only by my schooling-dd- Winston Churchill . Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm-dd- Winston Churchill . If you’re going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston Churchill . I’m not afraid of storms, for I’m learning to sail my ship-dd- Aeschylus . The most necessary learning is that which unlearns evil-dd- Antisthenes . The investigation of the meaning of words is the beginning of education-dd- Antisthenes . The most useful piece of learning for the uses of life is to unlearn what is untrue-dd- Antisthenes . The wise learn many things from their enemies-dd- Aristophanes . The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet-dd- Aristotle . It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it-dd- Aristotle . Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all-dd- Aristotle . The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work-dd- Aristotle . Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them; for these only gave them life, those the art of living well-dd- Aristotle . The foundation of every state is the education of its youth-dd- Diogenes . Education is an ornament for the prosperous, a refuge for the unfortunate-dd- Democritus . Some wisdom you must learn from one who’s wise-dd- Euripides . Experience, travel – these are an education in themselves-dd- Euripides . Much learning does not teach understanding-dd- Heraclitus . Even a fool learns something once it hits him-dd- Homer . A learned man has always riches in himself-dd- Phaedrus . All learning has an emotional base-dd- Plato . The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life-dd- Plato . The learning and knowledge that we have, is, at the most, but little compared with that of which we are ignorant-dd- Plato . Do not train children to learning by force and harshness, but direct them to it by what amuses their minds, so that you may be better able to discover with accuracy the peculiar bent of the genius of each-dd- Plato . Wisdom thoroughly learned, will never be forgotten-dd- Pythagoras . Educate the children and it won’t be necessary to punish the men-dd- Pythagoras . Experience is the teacher of all things-dd- Julius Caesar . It is better to create than to learn-xx- Creating is the essence of life-dd- Julius Caesar . Only the educated are free-dd- Epictetus . To accuse others for one’s own misfortunes is a sign of want of education-dd- To accuse oneself shows that one’s education has begun-dd- To accuse neither oneself nor others shows that one’s education is complete-dd- Epictetus . As long as you live, keep learning how to live-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . That is never too often repeated, which is never sufficiently learned-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . You learn to know a pilot in a storm-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Fear is not a lasting teacher of duty-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . The authority of those who teach is often an obstacle to those who want to learn-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Don’t peak in high school-dd- Lizzy Caplan . Schools are prisons for the lucky kids and prisons are schools for the unlucky kids-dd- Naval Ravikant . You should be having more fun in high school, exploring things because you want to explore them and learning because you love learning-not worrying about competition-dd- Maya Lin . Going to school is not only learning about different subjects, it teaches you communication, it teaches you how to live a life, it teaches you about history, it teaches you about how science is working-dd- Malala Yousafzai . It’s unfortunate that sometimes in schools, there’s this need to have things quantified and graded-dd- Rita Dove . In school we learn that mistakes are bad, and we are punished for making them-dd- Yet, if you look at the way humans are designed to learn, we learn by making mistakes-dd- We learn to walk by falling down-dd- If we never fell down, we would never walk-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . Things changed in the fourth grade, though-dd- One of the saints in my life is this woman named Imogene Hill, who was a fourth-grade teacher who taught this advanced class-dd- She got hip to my whole situation in about a month and kindled a passion in me for learning things-dd- I learned more that year than I think I learned in any year in school-dd- Steve Jobs . Schools and libraries are the twin cornerstones of a civilized society-dd- Nicholas Meyer . A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in the students-dd- John Ciardi . It takes most men five years to recover from a college education, and to learn that poetry is as vital to thinking as knowledge-dd- Brooks Atkinson . Standardization is the fertilizer of college education-dd- A little may be useful, but flowers do not grow in pure manure-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . A university should be a place of light, of liberty, and of learning-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . The quality of a university is measured more by the kind of student it turns out than the kind it takes in-dd- Robert J-dd- Kibbee . What we become depends on what we read after all of the professors have finished with us-dd- The greatest university of all is a collection of books-dd- Thomas Carlyle . No university in the world has ever risen to greatness without a correspondingly great library… When this is no longer true, then will our civilization have come to an end-dd- Lawrence Clark Powell . Freedom of inquiry, freedom of discussion, and freedom of teaching – without these a university cannot exist-dd- Robert Maynard Hutchins . A university’s essential character is that of being a center of free inquiry and criticism – a thing not to be sacrificed for anything else-dd- Richard Hofstadter . The university most worthy of rational admiration is that one in which your lonely thinker can feel himself lonely, most positively furthered, and most richly fed-dd- William James . One learns more from listening than speaking-dd- And both the wind and the people who continue to live close to nature still have much to tell us which we cannot hear within university walls-dd- Thor Heyerdahl . The task of a university is the creation of the future, so far as rational thought and civilized modes of appreciation can affect the issue-dd- Alfred North Whitehead . There are few earthly things more beautiful than a university a place where those who hate ignorance may strive to know, where those who perceive truth may strive to make others see-dd- John Masefield . A university is not a political party, and an education is not an indoctrination-dd- David Horowitz . Reading makes a full man; conference a ready man; and writing an exact man-dd- Francis Bacon . How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A truly good book teaches me better than to read it-dd- I must soon lay it down, and commence living on its hint-dd- What I began by reading, I must finish by acting-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A good book is an education of the heart-dd- It enlarges your sense of human possibility what human nature is of what happens in the world-dd- It’s a creator of inwardness-dd- Susan Sontag . The keys to life are running and reading-dd- When you’re running, there’s a little person that talks to you and says, ‘Oh I’m tired-dd- My lung’s about to pop-dd- I’m so hurt-dd- There’s no way I can possibly continue-dd-’ You want to quit-dd- If you learn how to defeat that person when you’re running-dd- You will how to not quit when things get hard in your life-dd- For reading: there have been gazillions of people that have lived before all of us-dd- There’s no new problem you could have: with your parents, with school, with a bully-dd- There’s no new problem that someone hasn’t already had and written about it in a book-dd- Will Smith . I started reading literature at 17 or 18, and I felt this extra beat to life-dd- Richard Ford . The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing-dd- Voltaire . Shakespeare, Dickens, Mark Twain, and so many others were my dearest friends and greatest teachers-dd- Lloyd Alexander . I’ve never known any trouble than an hour’s reading didn’t assuage-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . I’m reading more than ever-dd- I used to find it tedious, but now it’s like my little friend – it takes my mind off things-dd- Billie Piper . Reading builds the educated and informed electorate so vital to our democracy-dd- Brad Henry . I think reading is important for a variety of things-dd- I mean, first of all, it’s a way to get information and find out what’s going on in the world-dd- But also, it helps your imagination-dd- Breckin Meyer . Reading serves as a good escape when you’re in the middle of doing crazy things-dd- Carly Rae Jepsen . Reading and discovering fiction has taught me how to empathize, understand falling in love and all those complex relationships that people have to deal with-dd- Daniel Tammet . Life being very short, and the quiet hours of it few, we ought to waste none of them in reading valueless books-dd- John Ruskin . Reading and life are not separate but symbiotic-dd- And for this serious task of imaginative discovery and self-discovery, there is and remains one perfect symbol: the printed book-dd- Julian Barnes . I like reading books because we learn from books, we learn about history, we learn even about future-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep and continuing needs, is good for him-dd- Maya Angelou . Mere reading of the scriptures is not enough-dd- A person cannot understand the true significance of the scriptures if he is attached to the world-dd- Ramakrishna . Reading is a basic tool in the living of a good life-dd- Joseph Addison . Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body-dd- Joseph Addison . Properly, we should read for power-dd- Man reading should be man intensely alive-dd- The book should be a ball of light in one’s hand-dd- Ezra Pound . With one day’s reading a man may have the key in his hands-dd- Ezra Pound . It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations-dd- Winston Churchill . Sit down and read-dd- Educate yourself for the coming conflicts-dd- Mary Harris Jones . If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking-dd- Haruki Murakami . Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours-dd- John Locke . I hate books; they only teach us to talk about things we know nothing about-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Reading is more of a left-brain process, and listening to music is a right-brain function-dd- Maynard James Keenan . We cannot learn men from books-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Do not be guilty of possessing a library of learned books while lacking learning yourself-dd- Desiderius Erasmus . We shouldn’t teach great books; we should teach a love of reading-dd- B-dd- F-dd- Skinner . Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Children should learn that reading is pleasure, not just something that teachers make you do in school-dd- Beverly Cleary . Reading is equivalent to thinking with someone else’s head instead of with one’s own-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Reading, like writing, is a creative act-dd- If readers only bring a narrow range of themselves to the book, then they’ll only see their narrow range reflected in it-dd- Ben Okri . My Alma mater was books, a good library… I could spend the rest of my life reading, just satisfying my curiosity-dd- Malcolm X . What is reading, but silent conversation-dd- Charles Lamb . Writing and reading is to me synonymous with existing-dd- Gertrude Stein . The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading-dd- David Bailey . When you cease from labour, fill up your time in reading, meditation, and prayer: and while your hands are labouring, let your heart be employed, as much as possible, in divine thoughts-dd- David Brainerd . I didn’t go to school much, so I taught myself what I knew from reading-dd- Doris Lessing . If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all-dd- Oscar Wilde . Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation-dd- Walter Cronkite . Read not to contradict and confute, nor to believe and take for granted… but to weigh and consider-dd- Francis Bacon . There are worse crimes than burning books-dd- One of them is not reading them-dd- Joseph Brodsky . I spend a lot of time reading-dd- Bill Gates, Co-founder of Microsoft . The day you stop learning and creating must be the most boring day-dd- Samantha Barks . Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty-dd- Henry Ford . The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark-dd- Thomas Paine . Learning should be a joy and full of excitement-dd- It is life’s greatest adventure; it is an illustrated excursion into the minds of the noble and the learned-dd- Taylor Caldwell . The minute that you’re not learning I believe you’re dead-dd- Jack Nicholson . Learning is its own exceeding great reward-dd- William Hazlitt . Develop a passion for learning-dd- If you do, you will never cease to grow-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr-dd- . Education consists mainly of what we have unlearned-dd- Mark Twain . The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn-dd- Alvin Toffler . Perfecting oneself is as much unlearning as it is learning-dd- Edsger Dijkstra . In some sense our ability to open the future will depend not on how well we learn anymore but on how well we are able to unlearn-dd- Alan Kay . It’s not a question of learning much-dd- On the contrary-dd- It’s a question of unlearning much-dd- Osho . The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn-dd- Gloria Steinem . The most important lessons lay not in what I needed to learn, but in what I first needed to unlearn-dd- Jim Collins . Unlearning is about moving away from something — letting go — rather than acquiring-dd- It’s like stripping old paint-dd- It lays the foundation for the new layer of fresh learning to be acquired and to stick-dd- Margie Warrell . It is not hard to learn more-dd- What is hard is to unlearn when you discover yourself wrong-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . Doubt grows with knowledge-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . People who are over-educated become risk-averse-dd- Tamara Mellon . The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education-dd- Albert Einstein . If the primary purpose of school was education, the Internet should obsolete it-dd- But school is mainly about credentialing-dd- Naval Ravikant . Steve Jobs, Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg didn’t finish college-dd- Too much emphasis is placed on formal education – I told my children not to worry about their grades but to enjoy learning-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . My natural inclination to be improv rather than an educated character serves me well-dd- Gary Vaynerchuk . Men are born ignorant, not stupid-dd- They are made stupid by education-dd- Bertrand Russell . How is it that little children are so intelligent and men so stupid-qq- It must be education that does it-dd- Alexandre Dumas . All claims of education notwithstanding, the pupil will accept only that which his mind craves-dd- Emma Goldman . People will pay more to be entertained than educated-dd- Johnny Carson . One of the greatest problems of our time is that many are schooled but few are educated-dd- Thomas More . If I was educated, I’d be a damn fool-dd- Bob Marley . The aim of public education is not to spread enlightenment at all; it is simply to reduce as many individuals as possible to the same safe level, to breed a standard citizenry, to put down dissent and originality-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . An inventor is simply a fellow who doesn’t take his education too seriously-dd- Charles Kettering . It is possible to get an education at a university-dd- It has been done; not often-dd- Lincoln Steffens . I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Education is a system of imposed ignorance-dd- Noam Chomsky . The mere imparting of information is not education-dd- Carter G-dd- Woodson . School is the advertising agency which makes you believe that you need the society as it is-dd- Ivan Illich . Education is the period during which you are being instructed by somebody you do not know, about something you do not want to know-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . Far from failing in its intended task, our educational system is in fact succeeding magnificently because its aim is to keep the American people thoughtless enough to go on supporting the system-dd- Richard Mitchell . I suppose it is because nearly all children go to school nowadays and have things arranged for them that they seem so forlornly unable to produce their own ideas-dd- Agatha Christie . Thank goodness I was never sent to school; it would have rubbed off some of the originality-dd- Beatrix Potter . The home is the chief school of human virtues-dd- William Ellery Channing . Real education must ultimately be limited to men who insist on knowing-dd- The rest is mere sheep herding-dd- Ezra Pound . One of the marks of an educated man today is to know what not to read – what not to see or what not to listen to-dd- Ezra Taft Benson . Any child who can spend an hour or two a day, or more if he wants, with adults that he likes, who are interested in the world and like to talk about it, will on most days learn far more from their talk than he would learn in a week of school-dd- John Holt . Leaders are not, as we are often led to think, people who go along with huge crowds following them-dd- Leaders are people who go their own way without caring, or even looking to see, whether anyone is following them-dd- “Leadership qualities” are not the qualities that enable people to attract followers, but those that enable them to do without them-dd- They include, at the very least, courage, endurance, patience, humor, flexibility, resourcefulness, stubbornness, a keen sense of reality, and the ability to keep a cool and clear head, even when things are going badly-dd- True leaders, in short, do not make people into followers, but into other leaders-dd- John Holt . What is most important and valuable about the home as a base for children’s growth into the world is not that it is a better school than the schools, but that it isn’t a school at all-dd- John Holt . It is hard not to feel that there must be something very wrong with much of what we do in school, if we feel the need to worry so much about what many people call ‘motivation’-dd- A child has no stronger desire than to make sense of the world, to move freely in it, to do the things that he sees bigger people doing-dd- John Holt . A child educated only at school is an uneducated child-dd- George Santayana . The plain fact is that education is itself a form of propaganda – a deliberate scheme to outfit the pupil, not with the capacity to weigh ideas, but with a simple appetite for gulping ideas ready-made-dd- The aim is to make ‘good’ citizens, which is to say, docile and uninquisitive citizens-dd- H-dd-L-dd- Mencken . Far from failing in its intended task, our educational system is in fact succeeding magnificently because its aim is to keep the American people thoughtless enough to go on supporting the system-dd- Richard Mitchell . We can get too easily bogged down in the academic part of homeschooling, a relatively minor part of the whole, which is to raise competent, caring, literate, happy people-dd- Diane Flynn Keith . Once upon a time, all children were homeschooled-dd- They were not sent away from home each day to a place just for children but lived, learned, worked, and played in the real world, alongside adults and other children of all ages-dd- Rachel Gathercole . I’ve noticed a fascinating phenomenon in my thirty years of teaching: schools and schooling are increasingly irrelevant to the great enterprises of the planet-dd- No one believes anymore that scientists are trained in science classes or politicians in civics classes or poets in English classes-dd- The truth is that schools don’t really teach anything except how to obey orders-dd- This is a great mystery to me because thousands of humane, caring people work in schools as teachers and aides and administrators, but the abstract logic of the institution overwhelms their individual contributions-dd- John Taylor Gatto . The ultimate goal of the educational system is to shift to the individual the burden of pursing his own education-dd- This will not be a widely shared pursuit until we get over our odd conviction that education is what goes on in school buildings and nowhere else-dd- John W-dd- Gardner . I was delighted to see him growing more cautious and skeptical about what he heard, especially when he heard it from someone in apparent authority-dd- I think that is fundamental to a good education-dd- And if it comes back to bite me from time to time, that’s a price worth paying-dd- Martine Millman . Learning and education are a normal part of everyday life and do not need a vast expensive bureaucracy to force them to happen-dd- Kytka Hilmar-Jezek . There are as many approaches to unschooling as there are people, by design-dd- A child is supported to read when ready and interested, not on another’s timetable, for example-dd- He can and will be encouraged to pursue a wide range of interests, based on his interests, such as free play, inventing, experimenting scientifically, video gaming, role modeling through friendship, spiritual development through inquiry of self and others, athletics, learning to trust himself and others-dd- Kytka Hilmar-Jezek . You will not reap the fruit of individuality in your children if you clone their education-dd- Marilyn Howshall . The home is the first and most effective place to learn the lessons of life: truth, honor, virtue, self-control, the value of education, honest work, and the purpose and privilege of life-dd- Nothing can take the place of home in rearing and teaching children, and no other success can compensate for failure in the home-dd- David O-dd- McKay . More of family and less of school, more of parents and less of peers, more creative freedom and less formal lessons-dd- Raymond S-dd- Moore . Homeschooling will certainly produce some socially awkward adults, but the odds are good they would have been just as quirky had they spent twelve years raising their hand for permission to go to the bathroom-dd- Quinn Cummings . The status quo was rote memorization and recitation in classrooms thronged with passive children who were sternly disciplined when they expressed individual needs-dd- David Guterson . My aim in homeschooling is to give my children the ability to be an adult learner, a skill set that will last the rest of their lives-dd- Nancy Pearcey . Those who know how to think need no teachers-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is-dd- Isaac Asimov . It’s what you learn after you know it all that counts-dd- John Wooden . The secret of education lies in respecting the pupil-dd- It is not for you to choose what he shall know, what he shall do-dd- It is chosen and foreordained and he only holds the key to his own secret-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Walk into a wealthy person’s home and one of the first things you’ll see is an extensive library of books they’ve used to educate themselves on how to become more successful-dd- Steve Siebold . You have to grow from the inside out-dd- None can teach you, none can make you spiritual-dd- There is no other teacher but your own soul-dd- Swami Sivananda . Truth is not to be found outside-dd- No teacher, no scripture can give it to you-dd- It is inside you and if you wish to attain it, seek your own company-dd- Be with yourself-dd- Osho . If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer-dd- Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Self-education is the only possible education; the rest is mere veneer laid on the surface of a child’s nature-dd- Charlotte M-dd- Mason . You either write your own script or you become an actor in someone else’s-dd- John Taylor Gatto . Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune-dd- Jim Rohn . I think you’re working and learning until you die-dd- J-dd- K-dd- Rowling . All the world is a laboratory to the inquiring mind-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . I do not much believe in education-dd- Each man ought to be his own model, however frightful that may be-dd- Albert Einstein . We don’t stop going to school when we graduate-dd- Carol Burnett . No man who worships education has got the best out of education… Without a gentle contempt for education no man’s education is complete-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . The things that have been most valuable to me I did not learn in school-dd- Will Smith . The difference between school and life-qq- In school, you’re taught a lesson and then given a test-dd- In life, you’re given a test that teaches you a lesson-dd- Tom Bodett . I’ve tested life and I’ve learned what works for me-dd- Joe Namath . Get over the idea that only children should spend their time in study-dd- Be a student so long as you still have something to learn, and this will mean all your life-dd- Henry L-dd- Doherty . We now accept the fact that learning is a lifelong process of keeping abreast of change-dd- And the most pressing task is to teach people how to learn-dd- Peter Drucker . Learning is a lifetime process, but there comes a time when we must stop adding and start updating-dd- Robert Brault . The world itself is a great teacher, a constant guide and inspiration-dd- That is the reason why man is surrounded and sustained by the world-dd- Sri Sathya Sai Baba . The learning process continues until the day you die-dd- Kirk Douglas . The trick in life is learning how to deal with it-dd- Helen Mirren . Always walk through life as if you have something new to learn and you will-dd- Vernon Howard . Learn as much as you can while you are young, since life becomes too busy later-dd- Dana Stewart Scott . I’m not a prophet-dd- I’m not a teacher-dd- I have no degrees-dd- My degree is from the University of Life-dd- Jamie Lee Curtis . Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age-qq- Erich Fromm . Come forth into the light of things, let nature be your teacher-dd- William Wordsworth . Talent develops in quiet places, character in the full current of human life-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public-dd- Bryan White . The supreme lesson of any education should be to think for yourself and to be yourself; absent this attainment, education creates dangerous, stupefying conformity-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . The length of your education is less important than its breadth, and the length of your life is less important than its depth-dd- Marilyn vos Savant . Learning doesn’t stop when school ends-dd- It just starts-dd- Unknown . I am learning all the time-dd- The tombstone will be my diploma-dd- Eartha Kitt . Be true to your work, your word, and your friend-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The ornament of a house is the friends who frequent it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . A friend is someone who helps you up when you’re down, and if they can’t, they lay down beside you and listen-dd- Winnie The Pooh . A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself – and especially to feel, or not feel-dd- Whatever you happen to be feeling at any moment is fine with them-dd- Jim Morrison . Friendship is a sheltering tree-dd- Samuel Taylor Coleridge . I don’t like that man-dd- I must get to know him better-dd- Abraham Lincoln . It’s not what we have, but who we have-dd- Winnie The Pooh . A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you-dd- Elbert Hubbard . I have learned that to be with those I like is enough-dd- Walt Whitman . Good friends are hard to find, harder to leave and impossible to forget-dd- G-dd- Randolf . The language of friendship is not words but meanings-dd- Henry David Thoreau . There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven’t yet met-dd- William Butler Yeats . A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out-dd- Walter Winchell . I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light-dd- Helen Keller . How distant I am from people when I am with them, and how close when they are far away-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Friendship consists in forgetting what one gives and remembering what one receives-dd- Alexander Dumas . I don’t need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better-dd- Plutarch . Friendship is the inexpressible comfort of feeling safe with a person, having neither to weigh thoughts nor measure words-dd- George Eliot . My definition of a friend is somebody who adores you even though they know the things you’re most ashamed of-dd- Jodie Foster . Man’s best support is a very dear friend-dd- Cicero . Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends-dd- Virginia Woolf . The real test of friendship is can you literally do nothing with the other person-qq- Can you enjoy those moments of life that are utterly simple-qq- Eugene Kennedy . Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing-dd- There is a time for silence-dd- A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny-dd- And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it’s all over-dd- Octavia Butler . Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Friendship with oneself is all-important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . A friend is one of the nicest things you can have and one of the best things you can be-dd- Winnie The Pooh . Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth-dd- Herman Melville . Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . A good friend is like a four-leaf clover; hard to find and lucky to have-dd- Irish Proverb . A man’s friendships are one of the best measures of his worth-dd- Charles Darwin . The friendship which can cease has never been real-dd- St-dd- Jerome (This is one of my favorite friendship quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together-dd- Woodrow Wilson . Friendship is like money, easier made than kept-dd- Samuel Butler . Friendship is not always the sequel of obligation-dd- Samuel Johnson . Friendship is what gets you through the bad times and helps you enjoy the good times-dd- Unknown . Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain-dd- It’s not something you learn in school-dd- But if you haven’t learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven’t learned anything-dd- Muhammad Ali . Friendship isn’t about who you’ve known the longest, it’s about who walked in to your life, said ‘I’m here for you,’ and proved it-dd- Unknown . Friendship is a wildly underrated medication-dd- Anna Deavere Smith . Friendship is a plant of slow growth and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity before it is entitled to the appellation-dd- George Washington . Friendship is something that creates equality and mutuality, not a reward for finding equality or a way of intensifying existing mutuality-dd- Rowan Williams . Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious-dd- Thomas Aquinas . Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The only way to have a friend is to be one-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The best thing to hold onto in life is each other-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends-qq- Abraham Lincoln . If you have one true friend you have more than your share-dd- Thomas Fuller . Of all possessions a friend is the most precious-dd- Herodotus . We cannot hope to only leave our children a bigger car, a bigger bank account-dd- We must hope to give them a sense of what it means to be a loyal friend-dd- George H-dd- W-dd- Bush . A friend to all is a friend to none-dd- Aristotle . Be slow to fall into friendship, but when thou art in, continue firm and constant-dd- Socrates . Never contract friendship with a man that is not better than thyself-dd- Confucius . Constant use had not worn ragged the fabric of their friendship-dd- Dorothy Parker . Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life-dd- Mark Twain . I get by with a little help from my friends-dd- The Beatles . A friend is one soul abiding in two bodies-dd- Aristotle . Life is nothing without friendship-dd- Cicero . True friendships are eternal-dd- Cicero . Friends are the family you choose-dd- Unknown . No friendship is an accident-dd- O-dd- Henry . Truth springs from argument amongst friends-dd- David Hume . Love is friendship on fire-dd- Susan Sontag . Remember, no man is a failure who has friends-dd- . Opposition is true friendship-dd- William Blake . Between friends, words are optional-dd- . Though friendship is not quick to burn, it is explosive stuff-dd- May Sarton . Keep the ones that heard you when you never said a word-dd- . A friend is a gift you give yourself-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . There cannot be friendship without equality-dd- Swami Sivananda . The ideal friendship is to feel as one while remaining two-dd- Sophie Swetchine . The best mirror is an old friend-dd- George Herbert . Friendship is essentially a partnership-dd- Aristotle . There are no rules for friendship-dd- It must be left to itself-dd- William Hazlitt . My friends are my estate-dd- Emily Dickinson . The secret to friendship is being a good listener-dd- . Friends are proved by adversity-dd- Cicero . Friendships are discovered rather than made-dd- Harriet Beecher Stowe . The best cure for a bad day is a good friend-dd- . Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer-dd- Jean de La Fontaine . No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another-dd- Charles Dickens . You can’t shake hands with a clenched fist-dd- Indira Gandhi . Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit-dd- Aristotle . A friend is one that knows you as you are, understands where you have been, accepts what you have become, and still, gently allows you to grow-dd- William Shakespeare . One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention-dd- Clifton Fadiman . We live, in fact, in a world starved for solitude, silence, and private: and therefore starved for meditation and true friendship-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . If you make friends with yourself you will never be alone-dd- Maxwell Maltz . When was the last time you asked your friend how he/she was doing-qq- Maxime Lagacé . As soon as I saw you, I knew an adventure was going to happen-dd- Winnie The Pooh . If there ever comes a day when we can’t be together, keep me in your heart, I’ll stay there forever-dd- Winnie The Pooh . When you want to help people, you tell them the truth-dd- Thomas Sowell . Friends… they cherish one another’s hopes-dd- They are kind to one another’s dreams-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Do not save your loving speeches for your friends till they are dead; Do not write them on their tombstones, speak them rather now instead-dd- Anna Cummins . Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born-dd- Anais Nin . Friendship is the shadow of the evening, which strengthens with the setting sun of life-dd- Jean de La Fontaine . One friend in a storm is worth more than a thousand friends in sunshine-dd- Matshona Dhliwayo . The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words-dd- Cicero . There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends-dd- I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature-dd- Jane Austen . To go against the dominant thinking of your friends, of most of the people you see every day, is perhaps the most difficult act of heroism you can perform-dd- Theodore H-dd- White . Perhaps the most delightful friendships are those in which there is much agreement, much disputation, and yet more personal liking-dd- George Eliot . True friendship can afford true knowledge-dd- It does not depend on darkness and ignorance-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Friendship however is a plant which cannot be forced – true friendship is no gourd spring up in a night and withering in a day-dd- Charlotte Bronte . The most ordinary things could be made extraordinary, simply by doing them with the right people-dd- Nicholas Sparks . Find a group of people who challenge and inspire you; spend a lot of time with them, and it will change your life-dd- Amy Poehler . Friendship, as has been said, consists in a full commitment of the will to another person with a view to that person’s good-dd- Pope John Paul II . When people are friends, they have no need of justice, but when they are just, they need friendship in addition-dd- Aristotle . Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one-dd- Oscar Wilde . Friendship is held to be the severest test of character-dd- Charles Eastman . It’s the friends you can call up at 4 a-dd-m-dd- that matter-dd- Marlene Dietrich . The best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake-dd- Aristotle . A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship-dd- Saint Francis de Sales . Your friend is your needs answered-dd- Kahlil Gibran . I love how badass we think we are when we’re together-dd- . Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom-dd- Francis Bacon . Friendship is love minus sex plus reason: Love is friendship plus sex minus reason-dd- . There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate-dd- Linda Grayson . I’m a controversial figure-dd- My friends either dislike me or hate me-dd- Toni Morrison . I have no trouble with my enemies-dd- But my goddam friends… they are the ones that keep me walking the floor nights-dd- Oscar Levant . The holy passion of friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money-dd- Mark Twain . Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down-dd- Oprah Winfrey . I like to hang out with people who make me forget to look at my phone-dd- . No one will ever be as entertained by us as us-dd- . True friendship is when you walk into their house and your WiFi connects automatically-dd- . There are small ships and big ships but the best ships are friendships-dd- . The better the friend, the less cleaning you do before he comes over-dd- . Real friends don’t get offended when you insult them-dd- They smile and call you something even more offensive-dd- . We are best friends-dd- Always remember that if you fall I will pick you up after I finish laughing-dd- . The friendship of one intelligent man is better than that of all the unintelligent-dd- Democritus . Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used-dd- Elbert Hubbard . The feeling of friendship is like that of being comfortably filled with roast beef; love, like being enlivened with champagne-dd- Samuel Johnson . A day spent with you is my favorite day-dd- So today is my new favorite day-dd- Winnie The Pooh . A day without a friend is like a pot without a single drop of honey left inside-dd- Winnie The Pooh . We’ll be friends forever, won’t we, Pooh-qq- asked Piglet-dd- Even longer-dd- Pooh answered-dd- Winnie The Pooh . The older I get the more selective I am of who is in my tribe-dd- I would rather have four quarters than a hundred pennies-dd- . You are I are more than friends-dd- We’re like a really small gang-dd- . A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success-dd- Doug Larson . A friend is what the heart needs all the time-dd- Henry Van Dyke . ‘Stay’ is a charming word in a friend’s vocabulary-dd- Amos Bronson Alcott . Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr-dd- . If you live to be 100, I hope I live to be 100 minus 1 day, so I never have to live without you-dd- Winnie The Pooh . We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . If I had a flower for every time I thought of you…I could walk through my garden forever-dd- Alfred Tennyson . There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Nobody sees a flower – really – it is so small it takes time – we haven’t time – and to see takes time, like to have a friend takes time-dd- Georgia O’Keeffe . We don’t need sugar, flour or rice or anything else-dd- We just want to see our dear ones-dd- Hafiz of Persia . We cannot tell the precise moment when friendship is formed-dd- As in filling a vessel drop by drop, there is at last a drop which makes it run over; so in a series of kindnesses there is at last one which makes the heart run over-dd- Ray Bradbury . A single rose can be my garden… a single friend, my world-dd- Leo Buscaglia . The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship-dd- William Blake . It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend-dd- William Blake . Depth of friendship does not depend on length of acquaintance-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Friendship is given us by nature, not to favor vice, but to aid virtue-dd- Cicero . We need old friends to help us grow old and new friends to help us stay young-dd- Letty Cottin Pogrebin . In friendship we find nothing false or insincere; everything is straight forward, and springs from the heart-dd- Cicero . It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them-dd- Confucius . We hate some persons because we do not know them; and will not know them because we hate them-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . He will never have true friends who is afraid of making enemies-dd- William Hazlitt . The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . It is not so much our friends’ help that helps us as the confident knowledge that they will help us-dd- Epicurus . If it’s very painful for you to criticize your friends – you’re safe in doing it-dd- But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that’s the time to hold your tongue-dd- Alice Miller . Friends make the good things better and the bad things not so bad-dd- . We read that we ought to forgive our enemies; but we do not read that we ought to forgive our friends-dd- Francis Bacon . He who has a thousand friends has not a friend to spare, and he who has one enemy will meet him everywhere-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you-dd- Dale Carnegie . In prosperity our friends know us; in adversity we know our friends-dd- John Churton Collins . This is my beloved and this is my friend-dd- Song of Solomon . Friendship often ends in love-dd- But love in friendship; never-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Love is a friendship set to music-dd- Joseph Campbell . Friendship is the finest balm for the pangs of despised love-dd- Jane Austen . The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love-dd- Hubert H-dd- Humphrey . Friendship is the most constant, the most enduring the most basic part of love-dd- Ed Cunningham . Love is friendship that has caught fire-dd- It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving-dd- It is loyalty through good and bad times-dd- It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses-dd- Ann Landers . A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love-dd- Saint Basil . Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love-dd- Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing-dd- Elie Wiesel . All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand-dd- Ella Wheeler Wilcox . Love everyone with a deep love based on charity, but form friendships only with those who can share virtuous things with you-dd- The higher the virtues you share and exchange with others, the more perfect your friendship will be-dd- St-dd- Francis de Sales . Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen-dd- Just listen-dd- Perhaps the most important thing we ever give each other is our attention…-dd- A loving silence often has far more power to heal and to connect than the most well-intentioned words-dd- Rachel Naomi Remen . Marriage is the highest state of friendship-dd- If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation-dd- Samuel Richardson . Friendship is a disinterested commerce between equals; love, an abject intercourse between tyrants and slaves-dd- Oliver Goldsmith . Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship-dd- Lord Byron . However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . The verb ‘to love’ in Persian is ‘to have a friend’-dd- ‘I love you’ translated literally is ‘I have you as a friend’-dd- Shusha Guppy . There is no friendship, no love, like that of the mother for the child-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty-dd- Cicero . Love is friendship set on fire-dd- Jeremy Taylor . Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil-dd- Baltasar Gracian . Friendship is infinitely better than kindness-dd- Cicero . What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other-qq- George Eliot . The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it-dd- Hubert H-dd- Humphrey . There is nothing we like to see so much as the gleam of pleasure in a person’s eye when he feels that we have sympathized with him, understood him-dd- At these moments something fine and spiritual passes between two friends-dd- These are the moments worth living-dd- Don Marquis . Associate yourself with people of good quality, for it is better to be alone than in bad company-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . I think if I’ve learned anything about friendship, it’s to hang in, stay connected, fight for them, and let them fight for you-dd- Don’t walk away, don’t be distracted, don’t be too busy or tired, don’t take them for granted-dd- Friends are part of the glue that holds life and faith together-dd- Powerful stuff-dd- Jon Katz . Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back: a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country-dd- Anais Nin . We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy-dd- Arthur Ashe . If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too-dd- If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others-dd- Anne Morrow Lindbergh . The love of our neighbor in all its fullness simply means being able to say, ‘What are you going through-qq-’ Simone Weil . There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends-dd- That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life-dd- James F-dd- Byrnes . In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures-dd- For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed-dd- Kahlil Gibran . That friendship will not continue to the end which is begun for an end-dd- Francis Quarles . Life is an awful, ugly place to not have a best friend-dd- Sarah Dessen . How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard-dd- Winnie The Pooh . Friends are medicine for a wounded heart and vitamins for a hopeful soul-dd- Steve Maraboli . Share your smile with the world-dd- It’s a symbol of friendship and peace-dd- Christie Brinkley . Friendship is the purest love-dd- It is the highest form of love where nothing is asked for, no condition, where one simply enjoys giving-dd- Osho . I always felt that the great high privilege, relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing-dd- Katherine Mansfield . The sharing of joy, whether physical, emotional, psychic, or intellectual, forms a bridge between the sharers which can be the basis for understanding much of what is not shared between them, and lessens the threat of their difference-dd- Audre Lorde . I often find myself saying a little prayer of thanks for you-dd- Unknown . Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom-dd- Marcel Proust . Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief-dd- Cicero . Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship-dd- Epicurus . It’s not that other people don’t get me at all… It’s that you get me completely-dd- . True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks-dd- Saint Jerome . One friend with whom you have a lot in common is better than three with whom you struggle to find things to talk about-dd- Mindy Kaling . True friendship isn’t about being inseparable it’s being separated and nothing changes-dd- . We come from homes far from perfect, so you end up almost parent and sibling to your friends – your own chosen family-dd- There’s nothing like a really loyal, dependable, good friend-dd- Nothing-dd- Jennifer Aniston . That’s when I realized what a true friend was-dd- Someone who would always love you – the imperfect you, the confused you, the wrong you – because that is what people are supposed to do-dd- . True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable-dd- David Tyson . There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship-dd- Thomas Aquinas . What I cannot love, I overlook-dd- Is that real friendship-qq- Anais Nin . Best friends are the people you can do anything and nothing with and still have the best time-dd- . A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down-dd- Arnold H-dd- Glasgow . True friendship is like sound health-dd- The value of it is seldom known until it be lost-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart-dd- Elizabeth Foley . A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . Silence is the true friend that never betrays-dd- Confucius . True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils-dd- Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island… to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing-dd- . True friendship consists not in the multitude of friends, but in their worth and value-dd- Ben Jonson . One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . A true friend is someone who is there for you when he’d rather be anywhere else-dd- Len Wein . The firmest friendship is based on an identity of likes and dislikes-dd- Sallust . My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me-dd- Henry Ford . Friends, though absent, are still present-dd- Cicero . The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you-dd- You just got to find the ones worth suffering for-dd- Bob Marley . There is a scarcity of friendship, but not of friends-dd- Thomas Fuller . The worst solitude is to be destitute of sincere friendship-dd- Francis Bacon . Things change-dd- And friends leave-dd- Life doesn’t stop for anybody-dd- Stephen Chbosky . The best way to mend a broken heart is time and girlfriends-dd- Gwyneth Paltrow . Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness-dd- Euripides . Sitting silently beside a friend who is hurting may be the best gift we can give-dd- . When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives means the most us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving much advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a gentle and tender hand-dd- The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing, not curing, not healing and face with us the reality of our powerlessness, that is a friend who cares-dd- Henri Nouwen . When a friend is in trouble, don’t annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do-dd- Think up something appropriate and do it-dd- Edgar Watson Howe . Never leave a friend behind-dd- Friends are all we have to get us through this life–and they are the only things from this world that we could hope to see in the next-dd- Dean Koontz . The friend who holds your hand and says the wrong thing is made of dearer stuff than the one who stays away-dd- Barbara Kingsolver . Few friendships would survive if each one knew what his friend says of him behind his back-dd- Blaise Pascal . Friendship, of itself a holy tie, is made more sacred by adversity-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Don’t feel bad if people remember you only when they need you-dd- Feel privileged that you are like a candle that comes to their mind when there is darkness-dd- . There is nothing better than the encouragement of a good friend-dd- Katharine Butler Hathaway . But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life-dd- Thomas Jefferson . The worst solitude is to have no real friendships-dd- Francis Bacon . Friendship has its illusions no less than love-dd- Stendhal . Friends are God’s way of taking care of us-dd- . For prayer is nothing else than being on terms of friendship with God-dd- Saint Teresa of Avila . What a good favor God does to those he places in the company of good people-xx- Saint Teresa of Avila . One who has unreliable friends soon comes to ruin, but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother-dd- Proverbs 18:24 . The soul of Jonathan was knit to the soul of David, and Jonathan loved him as his own soul-dd- Samuel 18:1 . We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection-dd- Dalai Lama (Tenzin Gyatso) . In the spiritual life nowhere do our ideals meet the actual more truly than in how we relate to each other, in how we make, sustain and are friends-dd- James Ishmael Ford . It is easy enough to be friendly to one’s friends-dd- But to befriend the one who regards himself as your enemy is the quintessence of true religion-dd- The other is mere business-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Do not be deceived: “Bad company ruins good morals-dd- 1 Corinthians 15:33 . Let us be concerned for one another, to help one another to show love and to do good-dd- Hebrews 10:24 . And as you wish that others would do to you, do so to them-dd- Luke 6:31 . Love one another with brotherly affection-dd- Out do one another in showing honor-dd- Romans 12:10 . Listen to advice and accept instruction, that you may gain wisdom in the future-dd- Proverbs 19:20 . Whoever walks with the wise becomes wise, but the companion of fools will suffer harm-dd- Proverbs 13:20 . A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for adversity-dd- Proverbs 17:17 . The righteous person is a guide to his friend, but the path of the wicked leads them astray-dd- Proverbs 12:26 . Iron sharpens iron; so one man sharpens another-dd- Proverbs 27:17 . Friends are the siblings God never gave us-dd- Mencius . A faithful friend is the medicine of life-dd- Ecclesiasticus 6:16 . True enemies are better than false friends-dd- Matshona Dhliwayo . In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow-dd- Alice Walker . Losing friends that are easily lost is no loss at all-dd- The Stoic Emperor . It is difficult to say who do you the most mischief: enemies with the worst intentions or friends with the best-dd- Edward Bulwer-Lytton . False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports-dd- Richard Burton . An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast; a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind-dd- Buddha . Flattery is like friendship in show, but not in fruit-dd- Socrates . Suspicion is the cancer of friendship-dd- Petrarch . Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment until it becomes a memory-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . There are friendships imprinted in our hearts that will never be diminished by time and distance-dd- Dodinshy . I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar-dd- Robert Brault . Sweet is the memory of distant friends-xx- Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart-dd- Washington Irving . Growing apart doesn’t change the fact that for a long time we grew side by side; our roots will always be tangled-dd- I’m glad for that-dd- Ally Condie . Those truly linked don’t need correspondence-dd- When they meet again after many years apart, their friendship is as true as ever-dd- Deng Ming-Dao . Friendship should be surrounded with ceremonies and respects, and not crushed into corners-dd- Friendship requires more time than poor busy men can usually command-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . It takes a long time to grow an old friend-dd- John Leonard . Jealousy is the fear of comparison-dd- Max Frisch . Anybody can sympathize with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathize with a friend’s success-dd- Oscar Wilde . You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars-dd- Gary Allan . The jealous are possessed by a mad devil and a dull spirit at the same time-dd- Johann Kaspar Lavater . Jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius-dd- Fulton J-dd- Sheen . He that is jealous is not in love-dd- Augustine of Hippo . True friends stab you in the front-dd- Oscar Wilde . One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives-dd- Euripides . Someone to tell it to is one of the fundamental needs of human beings-dd- Miles Franklin . Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I’ve ever thought I’d have-dd- Ernie Banks . It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults-dd- So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, not the kindly smile, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when you discover that someone else believes in you and is willing to trust you with a friendship-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life-dd- E-dd- M-dd- Forster . Listening is a magnetic and strange thing, a creative force-dd- The friends who listen to us are the ones we move toward-dd- When we are listened to, it creates us, makes us unfold and expand-dd- Karl Menninger . You can always tell a real friend: when you’ve made a fool of yourself he doesn’t feel you’ve done a permanent job-dd- Laurence J-dd- Peter . Friendship is one of the most tangible things in a world which offers fewer and fewer supports-dd- Kenneth Branagh . There can be no friendship without confidence, and no confidence without integrity-dd- Samuel Johnson . Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and to have her nonsense respected-dd- Charles Lamb . Sometimes me think, ‘What is friend-qq-’ Then me say, ‘Friend is someone to share the last cookie with-dd- Cookie Monster . Only a true friend would be that truly honest-dd- Shrek . We will be friends until forever, just you wait and see-dd- Winnie The Pooh . We didn’t even realize we were making memories-dd- We just knew we were having fun-dd- Winnie The Pooh . If ever there is a tomorrow when we’re not together, there is something you must always remember: you are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think-dd- Winnie The Pooh . I wouldn’t trade it for anything-dd- Never, no, never-dd- Your friendship is the best present ever-dd- Tigger . Some people are worth melting for-dd- Olaf . If you keep on believing, the dream that you wish will come true-dd- Cinderella . When I look at you, I can feel it-dd- I look at you and I’m home-dd- Dory . You’ve got a friend in me-dd- Toy Story . We’re a family, we stick together-dd- Toy Story . No matter what happens, you’ll always be a prince to me-dd- Aladdin . I’ll miss you when I wake up-dd- Alice In Wonderland . When you’re the best of friends having so much fun together… you’re not even aware, you’re such a funny pair-dd- The Fox and The Hound . You and I are a team-dd- Nothing is more important than our friendship-dd- Monsters, Inc-dd- . Every minute spent in your company becomes the new best moment of my life-dd- Bolt . My dream wouldn’t be complete without you in it-dd- The Princess And The Frog . Louise, no matter what happens, I’m glad I came with you-dd- Thelma . We made a deal ages ago… men, babies, it doesn’t matter-dd- We’re soulmates-dd- Samantha . Old stories are like old friends, she used to say-dd- You have to visit them from time to time-dd- . I am glad you are here with me-dd- Here at the end of all things, Sam-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . It takes a great deal of courage to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends-dd- Harry Potter . Anyone can change your life, if you let them-dd- The Intouchables . Friendship isn’t about being inseparable, but about being separated and knowing nothing will change-dd- Ted . True friends are always together in spirit-dd- Anne of Green Gables . The human spirit is more powerful than any drug and that is what needs to be nourished with work, play, friendship, family-dd- These are the things that matter-dd- Awakenings . It’s an insane world but in it there is one sanity, the loyalty of old friends-dd- Ben-Hur . An old friend is never an extra guest-dd- Notorious . Keep your friends close, but your enemies even closer-dd- The Godfather . The most important thing in life will always be the people in this room-dd- Right here, right now-dd- Dom Toretto . I don’t have friends, I have family-dd- Dom Toretto . Some people can’t believe in themselves until someone else believes in them first-dd- Good Will Hunting . Here together, friends forever-dd- Some things were just meant to be, and that’s you and me-dd- Winnie The Pooh . True friends are never apart-dd- Maybe in distance but never in heart-dd- . You give me reasons to smile and reasons to laugh, but most of all, you give me memories I could never forget-dd- . Flowers will die, the sun will set, but you’re a friend I won’t forget-dd- Your name is so precious, it will never grow old-dd- It’s engraved in my heart in letters of gold-dd- . At the end of every tunnel, there is a light somewhere, a light of hope and reason, and a light to guide us to the safety from the dark, to outstretched hands there-dd- These hands hold out friendship, something everyone needs, for friendship brings a wealth much more than anything money can buy, for without this wealth, many of us would just shrivel up and die-dd- David Harris . Don’t walk in front of me-dd- I may not follow-dd- Don’t walk behind me-dd- I may not lead-dd- Walk beside me, just be my friend-dd- Albert Camus . The most I can do for my friend is simply to be his friend-dd- I have no wealth to bestow on him-dd- If he knows that I am happy in loving him, he will want no other reward-dd- Is not friendship divine in this-qq- Henry David Thoreau . An ounce of blood is worth more than a pound of friendship-dd- Spanish proverb . You don’t choose your family-dd- They are god’s gift to you, as you are to them-dd- Desmond Tutu . As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live-dd- Pope John Paul II . The more you’re loving and understanding, the more your kids will sing-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I have learned that to be with those I like is enough-dd- Walt Whitman n . A man can’t make a place for himself in the sun if he keeps taking refuge under the family tree-dd- Helen Keller . Treat your family like friends and your friends like family-dd- Unknown . It is a wise father that knows his own child-dd- William Shakespeare . The greatest gifts you can give your children are the roots of responsibility and the wings of independence-dd- Denis Waitley . A happy family is but an earlier heaven-dd- George Bernard Shaw . What divides us pales in comparison to what unites us-dd- Ted Kennedy . What greater thing is there for human souls than to feel that they are joined for life – to be with each other in silent unspeakable memories-dd- George Eliot . I don’t know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family-dd- Anthony Brandt . A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it-dd- George A Moore . I think our job as parents is to give our kids roots to grow and wings to fly-dd- Deborah Norville . The family is the test of freedom; because the family is the only thing that the free man makes for himself and by himself-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . Live so that when your children think of fairness, caring, and integrity, they think of you-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr . Your greatest contribution may not be something you do but someone you raise-dd- Unknown . I don’t know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know what his grandson will be-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Govern a family as you would cook a small fish – very gently-dd- Chinese proverb . Everyone needs a house to live in, but a supportive family is what builds a home-dd- Anthony Liccione . To put the world right in order, we must first put the nation in order; to put the nation in order, we must first put the family in order; to put the family in order, we must first cultivate our personal life; we must first set our hearts right-dd- Confucius . Think of your family today and every day thereafter, don’t let the busy world of today keep you from showing how much you love and appreciate your family-dd- Josiah . Your parents miss you and wish you’d call-dd- Later you’ll miss them and wish you could-dd- Paul Graham . Many men can make a fortune but very few can build a family-dd- J-dd-S-dd- Bryan . There is no doubt that it is around the family and the home that all the greatest virtues, the most dominating virtues of human, are created, strengthened and maintained-dd- Winston Churchill . If we are peaceful, if we are happy, we can smile, and everyone in our family, our entire society, will benefit from our peace-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . The greatest legacy one can pass on to one’s children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one’s life, but rather a legacy of character and faith-dd- Billy Graham . The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family-dd- Lee Iacocca . Your children need your presence more than your presents-dd- Jesse Jackson (This is one of my favorite family quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Family isn’t an important thing-dd- It’s everything-dd- Michael J-dd- Fox . The family is one of nature’s masterpieces-dd- George Santayana . My wife has been my closest friend, my closest advisor-dd- And she’s not somebody who looks to the limelight, or even is wild about me being in politics-dd- And that’s a good reality check on me-dd- When I go home, she wants me to be a good father and a good husband-dd- And everything else is secondary to that-dd- Barack Obama . The happiest moments of my life have been the few which I have passed at home in the bosom of my family-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Poor folks have neither any kindred nor any friends-dd- Italian proverb . Rejoice with your family in the beautiful land of life-dd- Albert Einstein . After a good dinner one can forgive anybody, even one’s own relations-dd- Oscar Wilde . With all my fans I got a family again-dd- Tupac Shakur . A family can develop only with a loving woman as its center-dd- Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel . If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Family is the most important thing in the world-dd- Princess Diana . A man should never neglect his family for business-dd- Walt Disney . The most important thing in the world is family and love-dd- John Wooden . As a child, the family that I had and the love I had from my two parents allowed me to go ahead and be more aggressive, to search and to take risks knowing that, if I failed, I could always come home to a family of love and support-dd- Tiger Woods . I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream-dd- George W-dd- Bush . Like all the best families, we have our share of eccentricities, of impetuous and wayward youngsters and of family disagreements-dd- Queen Elizabeth II . Children are the anchors that hold a mother to life-dd- Sophocles . The family is the first essential cell of human society-dd- Pope John XXIII . Family makes a house a home-dd- Jennifer Hudson . Family-dd- Where life begins and love never ends-dd- Unknown . Family-dd- A little bit of crazy, a little bit of loud and a whole lot of love-dd- Unknown . In time of test, family is best-dd- Burmese proverb . Family-dd- Being loved no matter what-dd- Unknown . When we have each other, we have everything-dd- Unknown . Together is my favorite place to be-dd- Unknown . The love of family is life’s greatest blessing-dd- Unknown . Home is where your story begins-dd- Unknown . Blood makes you related-dd- Loyalty makes you family-dd- Unknown . Find your tribe-dd- Love them hard-dd- Unknown . When you love what you have, you have everything you need-dd- Unknown . Families are like branches on a tree – we grow in different directions yet our roots remain as one-dd- Unknown . There is no job more important than parenting-dd- This I believe-dd- Ben Carson . Children learn to smile from their parents-dd- Shinichi Suzuki . Home is the nicest word there is-dd- Laura Ingalls Wilder . Home is where your story beings-dd- Unknown . In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future-dd- Alex Haley . I’ve learned through the years that it’s not where you live, it’s the people who surround you that make you feel at home-dd- J-dd-B-dd- McGee . Home should be an anchor, a port in a storm, a refuge, a happy place in which to dwell, a place where we are loved and where we can love-dd- Marvin J-dd- Ashton . Never let anyone tell you that you can’t; show them that you can-dd- Gloria Mallette . I love people-dd- I love my family, my children… but inside myself is a place where I live all alone and that’s where you renew your springs that never dry up-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . To nourish children and raise them against odds is in any time, any place, more valuable than to fix bolts in cars or design nuclear weapons-dd- Marilyn French . My life and the life of my family has to do with exploration, with adventure-dd- My grandfather was the first man in the stratosphere, and my father was the first to touch the deepest point in the ocean… For me, adventure and exploration is something in the blood-dd- Bertrand Piccard . Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children-dd- Charles R-dd- Swindoll . Perhaps the greatest social service that can be rendered by anybody to this country and to mankind is to bring up a family-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Families are the tie that reminds us of yesterday, provide strength and support today, and give us hope for tomorrow-dd- No government, no matter how well-intentioned, or well-managed, can provide what our families provide-dd- Bill Owens . A baby is God’s opinion that the world should go on-dd- Carl Sandburg . There is no doubt that it is around the family and the home that all the greatest virtues, the most dominating virtues of human society, are created, strengthened and maintained-dd- Winston Churchill . If you want to see mankind fully, look at a family-dd- Within the family minds become organically one, and for this reason the family is total poetry-dd- Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel . I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a father’s protection-dd- Sigmund Freud . You leave home to seek your fortune and, when you get it, you go home and share it with your family-dd- Anita Baker . I’m inspired by the love people have for their children-dd- And I’m inspired by my own children, how full they make my heart-dd- They make me want to work to make the world a little bit better-dd- And they make me want to be a better man-dd- Barack Obama . Knowledge is power-dd- Information is liberating-dd- Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family-dd- Kofi Annan . I believe the world is one big family, and we need to help each other-dd- Jet Li . Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . Let me love you a little more before you’re not little anymore-dd- Unknown . You are my sun, my moon and all of my stars-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . Rich or poor, we will keep together and be happy in one another-dd- Louisa May Alcott . How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard-dd- Winnie The Pooh . The soul is healed by being with children-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . Traveling in the company of those we love is home in motion-dd- Leigh Hunt . There is always a reason to smile-dd- Find it-dd- Unknown . The voice of parents is the voice of gods, for to their children they are heaven’s lieutenants-dd- William Shakespeare . If you go anywhere, even paradise, you will miss your home-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Always kiss your children goodnight, even if they’re already asleep-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr . Children are the keys of paradise-dd- Eric Hoffer . I believe in large families: every woman should have at least three husbands-dd- Zsa Zsa Gabor . There is no cure for laziness but a large family helps-dd- Herbert Prochnov . The capacity for friendship is God’s way of apologizing for our families-dd- Jay McInerney . The place of the father in the modern suburban family is a very small one, particularly if he plays golf-dd- Bertrand Russell . Parents are like God because you wanna know they’re out there, and you want them to think well of you, but you really only call when you need something-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . When your mother asks, “Do you want a piece of advice-qq-” it’s a mere formality-dd- It doesn’t matter if you answer yes or no-dd- You’re going to get it anyway-dd- Erma Bombeck . A two-year old is kind of like a blender, but you don’t have any top for it-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . Siblings: children of the same parents, each of whom is perfectly normal until they get together-dd- Sam Levenson . Family: A social unit where the father is concerned with parking space, the children with outer space, and the mother with closet space-dd- Evan Esar . I’m so thankful I had a childhood before technology took over-dd- Unknown . Important families are like potatoes-dd- The best parts are underground-dd- Francis Bacon . I think all of us are always five years old in the presence and absence of our parents-dd- Sherman Alexie . Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city-dd- George Burns . Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them-dd- P-dd- J-dd- O’Rourke . I wanted to be the moron of the family, because morons seemed to have more fun, more freedom and more personality-dd- Alice Sebold . Fuck it… That’s really the attitude that keeps a family together, it’s not “we love each other”, it’s just “fuck it, man-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . Spend some time this weekend on home improvement; improve your attitude toward your family-dd- Bo Bennett . Families are like fudge – mostly sweet with a few nuts-dd- Unknown . Parents were invented to make children happy by giving them something to ignore-dd- Ogden Nash . Family is the one thing that is definitely not disposable-dd- Jenny Eclair . There is no such thing as fun for the whole family-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . We’ve had bad luck with our kids – they’ve all grown up-dd- Christopher Morley . Maybe it’s just a daughter’s job to piss off her mother-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . I come from a family where gravy is considered a beverage-dd- Erma Bombeck . That’s the best thing about little sisters: They spend so much time wishing they were elder sisters that in the end they’re far wiser than the elder ones could ever be-dd- Gemma Burgess . Friends are God’s way of apologizing for your family-dd- Wayne Dyer . Never have more children than you have car windows-dd- Erma Bombeck . The family is the nucleus of civilization-dd- Will Durant . Where the roots are deep, there is no reason to fear the wind-dd- Unknown . Home is not a place, it’s a feeling-dd- Unknown . No matter what you’ve done for yourself or for humanity, if you can’t look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished-qq- Lee Iacocca . You can’t go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Having somewhere to go is home-dd- Having someone to love is family-dd- Having both is a blessing-dd- Donna Hedges . He that raises a large family does, indeed, while he lives to observe them, stand a broader mark for sorrow; but then he stands a broader mark for pleasure too-dd- Benjamin Franklin . It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men-dd- Frederick Douglass . All family life is organized around the most damaged person in it-dd- Sigmund Freud . Few men have been admired of their familiars-dd- Michel de Montaigne . There is little less trouble in governing a private family than a whole kingdom-dd- Michel de Montaigne . We must take care of our families wherever we find them-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . Familiarity breeds contempt-dd- Publilius Syrus . The reason grandparents and grandchildren get along so well is that they have a common enemy-dd- Sam Levenson . Don’t you dare take the lazy way-dd- It’s too easy to excuse yourself because of your ancestry-dd- Don’t let me catch you doing it-xx- Now, look close at me so you will remember-dd- Whatever you do, it will be you who do-dd- John Steinbeck . The informality of family life is a blessed condition that allows us all to become our best while looking our worst-dd- Marge Kennedy . He that hath a wife and children hath given hostages to fortune-dd- Francis Bacon (There are plenty of evidences that this is not true) . Home isn’t where you’re from, it’s where you find light when all grows dark-dd- Pierce Brown . Education, like neurosis, begins at home-dd- Milton Sapirstein . All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way-dd- Leo Tolstoy . The kitchen is the heart of every home, for the most part-dd- It evokes memories of your family history-dd- Debi Mazar . Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold-dd- Andre Maurois . Mother is a verb-dd- It’s something you do-dd- Not just who you are-dd- Cheryl Lacey Donovan . Later, when you’re grown up, you realize you never really get to hang out with your family-dd- You pretty much have only eighteen years to spend with them full time, and that’s it-dd- Mindy Kaling . It doesn’t matter where you’re going, it’s who you have beside you-dd- Unknown . Families with babies and families without babies are sorry for each other-dd- E-dd- W-dd- Howe . Home is where you are loved the most and act the worst-dd- Marjorie Pay Hinckley . Having children makes you no more a parent than having a piano makes you a pianist-dd- Michael Levine . You are born into your family and your family is born into you-dd- No returns-dd- No exchanges-dd- Elizabeth Berg . Home is people-dd- Not a place-dd- If you go back there after the people are gone, then all you can see is what is not there anymore-dd- Robin Hobb . While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about-dd- Angela Schwindt . Remember that children, marriages, and flower gardens reflect the kind of care they get-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr . If you as parents cut corners, your children will too-dd- If you lie, they will too-dd- If you spend all your money on yourselves and tithe no portion of it for charities, colleges, churches, synagogues, and civic causes, your children won’t either-dd- And if parents snicker at racial and gender jokes, another generation will pass on the poison adults still have not had the courage to snuff out-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it-dd- Harry S-dd- Truman . Let the wife make the husband glad to come home, and let him make her sorry to see him leave-dd- Martin Luther . A brother is like gold and a friend is like diamond-dd- If gold cracks you can melt it and make it just like it was before-dd- If a diamond cracks, it can never be like it was before-dd- Unknown . I can’t help detesting my relations-dd- I suppose it comes from the fact that none of us can stand other people having the same faults as ourselves-dd- Oscar Wilde . Soup is a lot like a family-dd- Each ingredient enhances the others; each batch has its own characteristics; and it needs time to simmer to reach full flavor-dd- Marge Kennedy . The most important thing that parents can teach their children is how to get along without them-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . None of us is as smart as all of us-dd- Ken H Blanchard . A house is built by hands, but a home is built by heart-dd- Unknown . The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home-dd- Confucius . Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk-dd- Carl Jung . I sustain myself with the love of family-dd- Maya Angelou . Love begins by taking care of the closest ones – the ones at home-dd- Mother Teresa . Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do… but how much love we put in that action-dd- Mother Teresa . When you love what you have, you have everything you need-dd- Unknown . In family life, love is the oil that eases friction, the cement that binds closer together, and the music that brings harmony-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . That’s what people do who love you-dd- They put their arms around you and love you when you’re not so lovable-dd- Deb Caletti . Parents were the only ones obligated to love you; from the rest of the world you had to earn it-dd- Ann Brashares . True love never dies, it only gets stronger with time-dd- Manny Pacquiao . The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . A family is a risky venture, because the greater the love, the greater the loss… That’s the trade-off-dd- But I’ll take it all-dd- Brad Pitt . On his kids: I care about them more than I care about myself, which I think is the real definition of love-dd- You see past yourself and become more generous and giving, and wanting only the best for your family-dd- Brad Pitt . Unconditional love is loving your kids for who they are, not for what they do… it isn’t something you will achieve every minute of every day-dd- But it is the thought we must hold in our hearts every day-dd- Stephanie Marston . At the end of the day, a loving family should find everything forgivable-dd- Mark V-dd- Olsen . A baby is born with a need to be loved – and never outgrows it-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . Making the decision to have a child – it’s momentous-dd- It is to decide forever to have your heart go walking outside your body-dd- Elizabeth Stone . Nothing you do for children is ever wasted-dd- They seem not to notice us, hovering, averting our eyes, and they seldom offer thanks, but what we do for them is never wasted-dd- Garrison Keillor . Where we love is home – home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr . My mom and dad gave their kids the greatest gift of all – the gift of unconditional love-dd- They cared deeply about who we would be, and much less about what we would do-dd- Mitt Romney . I love you – I am at rest with you – I have come home-dd- Dorothy L-dd- Sayers . No family is perfect… we argue, we fight-dd- We even stop talking to each other at times-dd- But in the end, family is family… The love will always be there-dd- Unknown . Before you were conceived, I wanted you-dd- Before you were born, I loved you-dd- Before you were an hour, I would die for you-dd- This is the miracle of love-dd- Maureen Hawkins . Nothing can bring a real sense of security into the home except true love-dd- Billy Graham . Love doesn’t make the world go ’round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Love is or it ain’t-dd- Thin love ain’t love at all-dd- Toni Morrison . Life doesn’t get more real than having a newborn at home-dd- Eric Church . I think togetherness is a very important ingredient to family life-dd- Barbara Bush . One day you will do things for me that you hate-dd- That is what it means to be family-dd- Jonathan Safran Foer . Family life is full of major and minor crises – the ups and downs of health, success and failure in career, marriage, and divorce – and all kinds of characters-dd- It is tied to places and events and histories-dd- With all of these felt details, life etches itself into memory and personality-dd- It’s difficult to imagine anything more nourishing to the soul-dd- Thomas Moore . There’s nothing that makes you more insane than family-dd- Or more happy-dd- Or more exasperated-dd- Or more… secure-dd- Jim Butcher . Learn to enjoy every minute of your life-dd- Be happy now-dd- Don’t wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future-dd- Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it’s at work or with your family-dd- Every minute should be enjoyed and savored-dd- Earl Nightingale . Family always gonna be there-dd- The material things, they come and go-dd- Romeo Miller . Becoming responsible adults is no longer a matter of whether children hang up there pajamas or put dirty towels in the hamper, but whether they care about themselves and others – and whether they see everyday chores as related to how we treat this planet-dd- Eda Leshan . Early rising is also essential to the good government of a family-dd- A late breakfast deranges the whole business of the day, and throws a portion of it on the next, which opens the door for confusion to enter-dd- Mary Randolph . Some of the most important conversations I’ve ever had occurred at my family’s dinner table-dd- Bob Ehrlich . In each family a story is playing itself out, and each family’s story embodies its hope and despair-dd- Auguste Napier . On his kids: I worry about them all the time-dd- That’s the emotional bond and responsibility that sweeps over you when you have a family to look after-dd- Brad Pitt . The great danger for family life, in the midst of any society whose idols are pleasure, comfort and independence, lies in the fact that people close their hearts and become selfish-dd- Pope John Paul II . Peace is the beauty of life-dd- It is sunshine-dd- It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family-dd- It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth-dd- Menachem Begin . When we understand the connection between how we live and how long we live, it’s easier to make different choices-dd- Instead of viewing the time we spend with friends and family as luxuries, we can see that these relationships are among the most powerful determinants of our well-being and survival-dd- Dean Ornish . Parents are the ultimate role models for children-dd- Every word, movement and action has an effect-dd- No other person or outside force has a greater influence on a child than the parent-dd- Bob Keeshan . You will never look back on life and think, “I spent too much time with my kids”-dd- Unknown . I don’t think quantity time is as special as quality time with your family-dd- Reba McEntire . Happiness is only real when shared-dd- Jon Krakauer . Happiness is being married to your best friend-dd- Manny Pacquiao . When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses-dd- Joyce Brothers . The happiest days of my youth were when my brother and I would run through the woods and feel quite safe-dd- Unknown . Happiness is seeing your mother smile-dd- Unknown . I really believe that a man and a woman together, raising a family, is the purest form of happiness we can experience-dd- Will Smith . He is happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Find joy in everything you choose to do-dd- Every job, relationship, home… it’s your responsibility to love it, or change it-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one’s family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one’s own mind-dd- If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him-dd- Buddha . My advice: Take a second out of the day to be thankful for your family-dd- Jenna Morasca . I believe that the greatest gift you can give your family and the world is a healthy you-dd- Joyce Meyer . To us, family means putting your arms around each other and being there-dd- Barbara Bush . I had a very supportive family environment that gave me room to explore and discover things about myself-dd- Brad Pitt . Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life-dd- It turns what we have into enough, and more-dd- It turns denial into acceptance, chaos to order, confusion to clarity-dd- It can turn a meal into a feast, a house into a home, a stranger into a friend-dd- Melody Beattie . Be grateful for the home you have, knowing that at this moment, all you have is all you need-dd- Sarah Ban Breathnach . The thrill of coming home has never changed-dd- Guy Pearce . My family is my strength and my weakness-dd- Aishwarya Rai Bachchan . The family is a heaven in a heartless world-dd- Bar Refaeli . Family is the people in your life who want you in theirs; the ones who accept you for who you are, love you no matter what & would do anything to see you smile-dd- SheaMoisture . Family is the most important institution in society-dd- Marco Rubio . Family is a gift that lasts forever-dd- Unknown . Family is more than blood and a name-dd- It’s the people who stood by you when you needed them, and who made you laugh when you felt like you couldn’t-dd- Unknown . Family is everything-dd- Family comes first-dd- It’s not what I expected it to be, but nothing ever is-dd- Madonna . Family… a group experience of love and support-dd- Marianne Williamson . Family is a unique gift that needs to be appreciated and treasured, even when they’re driving you crazy-dd- As much as they make you mad, interrupt you, annoy you, curse at you, try to control you, these are the people who know you the best and who love you-dd- Jenna Morasca . Family isn’t blood-dd- It’s the people who love you-dd- The people who have your back-dd- Cassandra Clare . Families are the compass that guides us-dd- They are the inspiration to reach great heights, and our comfort when we occasionally falter-dd- Brad Henry . The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s life-dd- Richard Bach . Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated, communication is open, and rules are flexible – the kind of atmosphere that is found in a nurturing family-dd- Virginia Satir . My dear young cousin, if there’s one thing I’ve learned over the eons, it’s that you can’t give up on your family, no matter how tempting they make it-dd- Rick Riordan . Nor need we power or splendor, wide hall or lordly dome; The good, the true, the tender – these form the wealth of home-dd- Sarah J-dd- Hale . It is not a bad thing that children should occasionally, and politely, put parents in their place-dd- Colette . What is home-qq- My favorite definition is “a safe place,” a place where one is free from attack, a place where one experiences secure relationships and affirmation-dd- It’s a place where people share and understand each other-dd- Its relationships are nurturing-dd- The people in it do not need to be perfect; instead, they need to be honest, loving, supportive, recognizing a common humanity that makes all of us vulnerable-dd- Gladys M-dd- Hunt . Home is the place where boys and girls first learn how to limit their wishes, abide by rules, and consider the rights and needs of others-dd- Sidonie Gruenberg . The most intriguing people you will encounter in this life are the people who had insights about you, that you didn’t know about yourself-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Respect is earned-dd- Honesty is appreciated-dd- Trust is gained-dd- Loyalty is returned-dd- Unknown . A child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone-dd- Billy Graham . I can’t be the big star in the family-dd- We have a family, and we are all equal-dd- Martina McBride . Writing is a solitary occupation-dd- Family, friends, and society are the natural enemies of the writer-dd- He must be alone, uninterrupted, and slightly savage if he is to sustain and complete an undertaking-dd- Jessamyn West . “Family” isn’t defined only by last names or by blood; it’s defined by commitment and by love-dd- It means showing up when they need it most-dd- It means having each other’s backs-dd- It means choosing to love each other even on those days when you struggle to like each other-dd- It means never giving up on each other-dd- davewillis-dd-org . Love your family-dd- Spend time, be kind & serve one another-dd- Make no room for regrets-dd- Tomorrow is not promised & today is short-dd- Unknown . I think our family motto is to always work hard, be humble, kind, and thoughtful about others around us-dd- Anwar Hadid . To maintain a joyful family requires much from both the parents and the children-dd- Each member of the family has to become, in a special way, the servant of the others-dd- Pope John Paul II . The ache for home lives in all of us, the safe place where we can go as we are and not be questioned-dd- Maya Angelou . Home is not where you live but where they understand you-dd- Christian Morgenstern . Friends are the family you choose-dd- Jess C-dd- Scott . The single most important factor in our long-term happiness is the relationships we have with our family and close friends-dd- Clayton Christensen . Going home and spending time with your family and your real friends keeps you grounded-dd- Jennifer Ellison . The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege-dd- Charles Kuralt . You know, my family and friends have never been yes-men: ‘Yes, you’re doing the right thing, you’re always right-dd-’ No, they tell me when I’m wrong, and that’s why I’ve been able to stay who I am and stay humble-dd- LeBron James . There are friends, there is family, and then there are friends that become family-dd- Unknown . Family members can be your best friends, you know-dd- And best friends, whether or not they are related to you, can be your family-dd- Trenton Lee Stewart . Cherish your human connections – your relationships with friends and family-dd- Barbara Bush . Family, friends, a good laugh and beautiful weather are the best cures-dd- Bar Refaeli . Family and friends and faith are the most important things in your life-dd- Barbara Bush . Like family, we are tied to each other-dd- This is what all good musicians understand-dd- Billy Joel . If you surround yourself with the good and righteous, they can only raise you up-dd- If you surround yourself with the others, they will drag you down into the doldrums of mediocrity, and they will keep you there, but only as long as you permit it-dd- Mark Glamack . It’s all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family-dd- Philip Green . Cherish your human connections: your relationships with friends and family-dd- Joseph Brodsky . You need a really solid foundation of friends and family to keep you where you need to be-dd- Lilly Singh . Family and friendships are two of the greatest facilitators of happiness-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Strangers are just family you have yet to come to know-dd- Mitch Albom . Sticking with your family is what makes it a family-dd- Mitch Albom . When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching – they are your family-dd- Jim Butcher . All those who are around me are the bridge to my success, so they are all important-dd- Manny Pacquiao . The family – that dear octopus from whose tentacies we never quite escape, nor, in our inmost hearts, ever quite wish to-dd- Dodie Smith . Let us make one point, that we meet each other with a smile, when it is difficult to smile-dd- Smile at each other, make time for each other in your family-dd- Mother Teresa . This is part of what a family is about, not just love-dd- It’s knowing that your family will be there watching out for you-dd- Nothing else will give you that-dd- Not money-dd- Not fame-dd- Not work-dd- Mitch Albom . And that’s where I’m finally at today – my life is about being with my family-dd- This is what’s important-dd- Aron Ralston . My sense of personal strength has always come from my family-dd- Benjamin Bratt . My family comes first-dd- Maybe that’s what makes me different from other guys-dd- Bobby Darin . Family: an anchor during rough waters-dd- Unknown . Tennis just a game, family is forever-dd- Serena Williams . Family’s first, and that’s what matters most-dd- We realize that our love goes deeper than the tennis game-dd- Serena Williams . Serbian history tells that the family is the most important thing and you have to stick with the family-dd- Novak Djokovic . Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold-dd- Andre Maurois . A loving family provides the foundation children need to succeed, and strong families with a man and a woman – bonded together for life – always have been, and always will be, the key to such families-dd- Jim Bunning . Is this what family is like: the feeling that everyone’s connected, that with one piece missing, the whole thing’s broken-qq- Trenton Lee Stewart . Sister is probably the most competitive relationship within the family, but once the sisters are grown, it becomes the strongest relationship-dd- Margaret Mead . My friends and family are my support system-dd- They tell me what I need to hear, not what I want to hear and they are there for me in the good and bad times-dd- Without them I have no idea where I would be and I know that their love for me is what’s keeping my head above the water-dd- Kelly Clarkson . A real man loves his wife, and places his family as the most important thing in life-dd- Nothing has brought me more peace and content in life than simply being a good husband and father-dd- Frank Abagnale . Hugs can do great amounts of good – especially for children-dd- Princess Diana . The way you help heal the world is you start with your own family-dd- Mother Teresa . How do you rebel in a family of rebels-qq- Nicolas Cage . In some families, “please” is described as the magic word-dd- In our house, however, it was “sorry”-dd- Margaret Laurence . Our family is just a tent away from a full-blown circus-dd- Unknown . We are not “step”, we aren’t “half”, we’re just family-dd- Unknown . Families are messy-dd- Immortal families are eternally messy-dd- Sometimes the best we can do is to remind each other that we’re related for better or for worse-dd- Rick Riordan . There is no such thing as a “broken family-dd-” Family is family, and is not determined by marriage certificates, divorce papers, and adoption documents-dd- Families are made in the heart-dd- The only time family becomes null is when those ties in the heart are cut-dd- If you cut those ties, those people are not your family-dd- If you make those ties, those people are your family-dd- And if you hate those ties, those people will still be your family because whatever you hate will always be with you-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family: whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one-dd- Jane Howard . No one’s family is normal-dd- Normalcy is a lie invented by advertising agencies to make the rest of us feel inferior-dd- Calire LaZebnik . Every family is dysfunctional, whether you want to admit it or not-dd- Shailene Woodley . Family isn’t something that’s supposed to be static, or set-dd- People marry in, divorce out-dd- They’re born, they die-dd- It’s always evolving, turning into something else-dd- Sarah Dessen . I’d be a liar if I said I had a normal family-dd- Edward Furlong . You call it chaos, we call it family-dd- Unknown . I mean, families are weird-dd- Gordon Ramsay . In every dispute between parent and child, both cannot be right, but they may be, and usually are, both wrong-dd- It is this situation which gives family life its peculiar hysterical charm-dd- Isaac Rosenfeld . People who come from dysfunctional families are not destined for a dysfunctional life-dd- Bo Bennett . No family is sane, is it-qq- Rebecca Hall . Unfortunately, some family members are so psychotic that no matter how hard you try to forge a healthy relationship, nothing will help-dd- Now that you’re an adult, take refuge in the fact that some things are beyond your control-dd- You owe it to yourself to steer clear of people who are harmful to your health-dd- Andrea Lavinthal . Family love is messy, clinging, and of an annoying and repetitive pattern, like bad wallpaper-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . If you didn’t feel like your support system was strong enough, then getting yourself out of the situation was the best thing to do-dd- Lindsey Kelk . All families are psychotic-dd- Everybody has basically the same family – it’s just reconfigured slightly different from one to the next-dd- Douglas Coupland . He’d learned long ago: perfection isn’t what families are all about-dd- Jamie Ford . A dysfunctional family is any family with more than one person in it-dd- Mary Karr . Come back-dd- Even as a shadow, even as a dream-dd- Euripides . The song is ended but the melody lingers on-dd- Irving Berlin . There comes a time in your life when you have to choose to turn the page, write another book or simply close it-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . When you loved someone and had to let them go, there will always be that small part of yourself that whispers, “What was it that you wanted and why didn’t you fight for it-qq- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Those we love and lose are always connected by heartstrings into infinity-dd- Terri Guillemets quotegarden-dd-com . Grief can be a burden, but also an anchor-dd- You get used to the weight, how it holds you in place-dd- Sarah Dessen . Sadly enough, the most painful goodbyes are the ones that are left unsaid and never explained-dd- Jonathan Harnisch . If you’re going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston Churchill . I love you every day-dd- And now I will miss you every day-dd- Mitch Albom . We bereaved are not alone-dd- We belong to the largest company in all the world—the company of those who have known suffering-dd- Helen Keller . If tears could build a stairway, and memories a lane, I’d walk right up to Heaven, and bring you home again-dd- Unknown . It takes a minute to find a special person, an hour to appreciate them, and a day to love them, but it takes an entire lifetime to forget them-dd- Unknown . Do not stand at my grave and cry-dd- I am not there-dd- I did not die-dd- Unknown . If the people we love are stolen from us, the way to have them live on is to never stop loving them-dd- James O’Barr . Sometimes, when one person is absent, the whole world seems depopulated-dd- Allphonse de Lamartine . Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Don’t grieve-dd- Anything you lose comes round in another form-dd- Rumi . Train up a child in the way he should go; even when he is old he will not depart from it-dd- Proverbs 22:6 . She gets up while it is still dark; she provides food for her family and portions for her servant girls-dd- Proverbs 31:15 . My son, if your heart is wise, then my heart will be glad indeed-dd- Proverbs 23:15 . Children are a heritage from the Lord, offspring a reward from him-dd- Like arrows in the hands of a warrior are children born in one’s youth-dd- Blessed is the man whose quiver is full of them-dd- Psalm 127:3-5 . Bear with each other and forgive one another if any of you has a grievance against someone-dd- Forgive as the Lord forgave you-dd- Colossians 3:13 . The wicked die and disappear, but the family of the godly stands firm-dd- Proverbs 12:7 . A wife of noble character who can find-qq- She is worth far more than rubies-dd- Proverbs 31:10 . Your wife will be like a fruitful vine within your house; your children will be like olive shoots around your table-dd- Psalm 128:3 . She is clothed with strength and dignity; she can laugh at the days to come-dd- Proverbs 31:25 . She speaks with wisdom, and faithful instruction is on her tongue-dd- Proverbs 31:26 . Honor her for all that her hands have done, and let her works bring her praise at the city gate-dd- Proverbs 31:31 . Fathers, do not embitter your children, or they will become discouraged-dd- Colossians 3:21 . The father of a righteous child has great joy; a man who fathers a wise son rejoices in him-dd- Proverbs 23:24 . Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ also loved the church and gave Himself up for her-dd- Ephesians 5:25 . Husbands, love your wives and do not be embittered against them-dd- Colossians 3:19 . For this reason a man shall leave his father and his mother, and be joined to his wife; and they shall become one flesh-dd- Genesis 2:24 . However, each one of you also must love his wife as he loves himself, and the wife must respect her husband-dd- Ephesians 5:33 . Children, obey your parents in everything, for this pleases the Lord-dd- Colossians 3:20 . Listen, my son, to your father’s instructions and do not forsake your mother’s teaching-dd- Proverbs 1:8 . A wise son brings joy to his father, but a foolish man despises his mother-dd- Proverbs 15:20 . Honor your father and your mother, so that you may live long in the land the Lord, your God is giving you-dd- Exodus 20:12 . It didn’t matter how big our house was; it mattered that there was love in it-dd- Peter Buffett . Respect yourself and others will respect you-dd- Confucius . Little people are indifferent-dd- Superior people are caring-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Respect for ourselves guides our morals; respect for others guides our manners-dd- Laurence Sterne . Respect is one of the greatest expressions of love-dd- Miguel Angel Ruiz . Respect is how to treat everyone-dd- Richard Branson . Respect is appreciation of the separateness of the other person, of the ways in which he or she is unique-dd- Annie Gottlieb . Respect a man, he will do the more-dd- James Howell . They cannot take away our self-respect if we do not give it to them-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . If we lose love and self-respect for each other, this is how we finally die-dd- Maya Angelou . We are all equal in the fact that we are all different-dd- We are all the same in the fact that we will never be the same-dd- We are united by the reality that all colours and all cultures are distinct and individual-dd- We are harmonious in the reality that we are all held to this earth by the same gravity-dd- We don’t share blood, but we share the air that keeps us alive-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university-dd- Albert Einstein . Respecting someone indicate the quality of your personality-dd- Mohammad Rishad Sakhi . You can’t force someone to respect you, but you can refuse to be disrespected-dd- (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him-dd- William Lyon Phelps . I cannot conceive of a greater loss than the loss of one’s self-respect-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . There can be no failure to a man who has not lost his courage, his character, his self respect, or his self-confidence-dd- He is still a King-dd- Orison Swett Marden . He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . Respect for the truth comes close to being the basis for all morality-dd- Frank Herbert . Have a big enough heart to love unconditionally, and a broad enough mind to embrace the differences that make each of us unique-dd- D-dd-B-dd- Harrop . What women want is what men want-dd- They want respect-dd- Marilyn vos Savant . I must respect the opinions of others even if I disagree with them-dd- Herbert H-dd- Lehman . Every human being, of whatever origin, of whatever station, deserves respect-dd- We must each respect others even as we respect ourselves-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . If you want to be respected by others, the great thing is to respect yourself-dd- Only by that, only by self-respect will you compel others to respect you-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . A man who pays respect to the great paves the way for his own greatness-dd- African proverb . Show respect to all people, but grovel to none-dd- Tecumseh . Respect for the fragility and importance of an individual life is still the mark of an educated man-dd- Norman Cousins . The secret of a happy life is respect-dd- Respect for yourself and respect for others-dd- Ayad Akhtar . At first, they’ll only dislike what you say, but the more correct you start sounding the more they’ll dislike you-dd- Criss Jami . One of the most sincere forms of respect is actually listening to what another has to say-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . Respect begins with this attitude: I acknowledge that you are a creature of extreme worth-dd- Gary Chapman . When I look at a person, I see a person – not a rank, not a class, not a title-dd- Criss Jami (This is one of my favorite respect quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . A person’s a person, no matter how small-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel-dd- Maya Angelou . Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone; but if someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery-dd- Malcolm X . To the living we owe respect, but to the dead we owe only the truth-dd- Voltaire . Men have to do some awfully mean things to keep up their respectability-dd- George Bernard Shaw . We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . An individual who breaks a law that conscience tells him is unjust, and who willingly accepts the penalty of imprisonment in order to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice, is in reality expressing the highest respect for the law-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If you once forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem-dd- It is true that you may fool all of the people some of the time; you can even fool some of the people all of the time; but you can’t fool all of the people all of the time-dd- Abraham Lincoln . If you treat people right they will treat you right… ninety percent of the time-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth-dd- Albert Einstein . Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized-dd- Albert Einstein . No one can make you feel inferior without your consent-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Self-respect knows no considerations-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . We do not covet anything from any nation except their respect-dd- Winston Churchill . If you have ten thousand regulations you destroy all respect for the law-dd- Winston Churchill . You should respect each other and refrain from disputes; you should not, like water and oil, repel each other, but should, like milk and water, mingle together-dd- Buddha . Only those who respect the personality of others can be of real use to them-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Without feelings of respect, what is there to distinguish men from beasts-qq- Confucius . Respect the burden-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Make improvements, not excuses-dd- Seek respect, not attention-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . The respect of others is important-dd- Self-respect is vital-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Treat everyone with respect and kindness-dd- Period-dd- No exceptions-dd- Kiana Tom . Respect yourself above all-dd- Pythagoras . A lack of boundaries invites a lack of respect-dd- Unknown . Respect starts with yourself-dd- Unknown . Respect me and I’ll respect you-dd- Simple-dd- Unknown . Manners cost nothing-dd- Unknown . The goal is not to be liked, it’s to be respected-dd- Unknown . Men are respectable only as they respect-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . My love is unconditional-dd- My trust, my respect are not-dd- Unknown . You can’t force a person to show you respect but you can refuse to be disrespected-dd- Unknown . Do we not realize that self respect comes with self reliance-qq- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . I respect the man who knows distinctly what he wishes-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Being brilliant is no great feat if you respect nothing-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . If we are not free, no one will respect us-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . Respect yourself, respect your own inner voice and follow it-dd- Osho . I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself-dd- I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing-dd- Michel de Montaigne . When I approach a child, he inspires in me two sentiments; tenderness for what he is, and respect for what he may become-dd- Louis Pasteur . No man who is occupied in doing a very difficult thing, and doing it very well, ever loses his self-respect-dd- George Bernard Shaw . The more you know and respect yourself, the more impact you will have on people around you-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his own eyes-dd- What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks of himself-dd- To undermine a man’s self-respect is a sin-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . It may be important to great thinkers to examine the world, to explain and despise it-dd- But I think it is only important to love the world, not to despise it, not for us to hate each other, but to be able to regard the world and ourselves and all beings with love, admiration and respect-dd- Hermann Hesse . The greatest wisdom is in simplicity-dd- Love, respect, tolerance, sharing, gratitude, forgiveness-dd- It’s not complex or elaborate-dd- The real knowledge is free-dd- It’s encoded in your DNA-dd- All you need is within you-dd- Great teachers have said that from the beginning-dd- Find your heart, and you will find your way-dd- Carlos Barrios . We must respect the other fellow’s religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . Give to every other human being every right that you claim for yourself-dd- Thomas Paine . In order to exist, man must rebel, but rebellion must respect the limits that it discovers in itself – limits where minds meet, and in meeting, begin to exist-dd- Albert Camus . Self-respect is the fruit of discipline; the sense of dignity grows with the ability to say no to oneself-dd- Abraham Joshua Heschel . Respect your fellow human being, treat them fairly, disagree with them honestly, enjoy their friendship, explore your thoughts about one another candidly, work together for a common goal and help one another achieve it-dd- Bill Bradley . You should show some respect for what other people see and feel, even though it be the exact opposite of what you see and feel-dd- Luigi Pirandello . It is my theory that when the people can outwit the leader, the more respected their voices will be-dd- Criss Jami . Deeply respecting yourself is the first step toward having a deep respect for others-dd- Amy Leigh Mercree . Be more humble than a blade of grass, more tolerant than a tree, always offering respect onto others and never expecting any in return-dd- Chaitanya Mahaprabhu . Attitude is a choice-dd- Happiness is a choice-dd- Optimism is a choice-dd- Kindness is a choice-dd- Giving is a choice-dd- Respect is a choice-dd- Whatever choice you make makes you-dd- Choose wisely-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received-dd- It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters-dd- Amit Ray . Set the standard-xx- Stop expecting others to show you love, acceptance, commitment, & respect when you don’t even show that to yourself-dd- Steve Maraboli . I have great respect for the past-dd- If you don’t know where you’ve come from, you don’t know where you’re going-dd- I have respect for the past, but I’m a person of the moment-dd- I’m here, and I do my best to be completely centered at the place I’m at, then I go forward to the next place-dd- Maya Angelou . Respect your efforts, respect yourself-dd- Self-respect leads to self-discipline-dd- When you have both firmly under your belt, that’s real power-dd- Clint Eastwood . Don’t yell at people-dd- Stand up for what’s right-dd- Put yourself in the other persons place-dd- Greg Proops . I am fond of pigs-dd- Dogs look up to us-dd- Cats look down on us-dd- Pigs treat us as equals-dd- Winston Churchill . We can really respect a man only if he doesn’t always look out for himself-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . In order to acquire a growing and lasting respect in society, it is a good thing, if you possess great talent, to give, early in your youth, a very hard kick to the right shin of the society that you love-dd- After that, be a snob-dd- Salvador Dali . I get no respect-dd- The way my luck is running, if I was a politician I would be honest-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . With my wife I don’t get no respect-dd- I made a toast on her birthday to ‘the best woman a man ever had-dd-’ The waiter joined me-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . So live that you wouldn’t be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip-dd- Will Rogers . I’m not upset that you lied to me, I’m upset that from now on I can’t believe you-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . It is not grey hair that makes one respectable but character-dd- Rana Junaid Mustafa Gohar . He who wants a rose must respect her thorn-dd- Andre Gide . Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear-dd- Albert Camus . Since when was genius found respectable-qq- Elizabeth Barrett Browning . This is how you start to get respect, by offering something that you have-dd- Mitch Albom . Caring for your idea and executing it is without a doubt the most important important act of self-respect-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Proper respect to others is the most prudent rule of directing the measure of reverence due to ourselves-dd- Norman MacDonald . When people do not respect us we are sharply offended; yet deep down in his private heart no man much respects himself-dd- Mark Twain . Every vice was once a virtue, and may become respectable again, just as hatred becomes respectable in wartime-dd- Will Durant . Whatever games are played with us, we must play no games with ourselves-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Whatever you have forgotten, you can remember-dd- Whatever you have buried you can unearth-dd- If you are willing to look deep into your own nature, if you are willing to peel away the layers of not-self you have adopted in making your way through the tribulations of life, you will find that your true self is not as far removed as you think-dd- Meredith Jordan . Patriotism… is a superstition artificially created and maintained through a network of lies and falsehoods; a superstition that robs man of his self-respect and dignity, and increases his arrogance and conceit-dd- Emma Goldman . Tolerance isn’t about not having beliefs-dd- It’s about how your beliefs lead you to treat people who disagree with you-dd- Timothy J-dd- Keller . What is objectionable, what is dangerous about extremists is not that they are extreme, but that they are intolerant-dd- The evil is not what they say about their cause, but what they say about their opponents-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . Non-cooperation is a measure of discipline and sacrifice, and it demands respect for the opposite views-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Happiness is no respecter of persons-dd- Stephen Fry . Respect commands itself and it can neither be given nor withheld when it is due-dd- Eldridge Cleaver . Whoever despises himself nonetheless respects himself as one who despises-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure-dd- Malcolm X . You can’t respect yourself if you’re afraid to be who you are-dd- Amber Heard . Never take a person’s dignity: it is worth everything to them, and nothing to you-dd- Frank Barron . The more things a man is ashamed of, the more respectable he is-dd- George Bernard Shaw . We owe respect to the living; to the dead we owe only truth-dd- Voltaire . Awe and respect are two different things-dd- Oliver Reed . “I was wrong”, builds more respect than “I told you so”-dd- Dan Rockwell . As we grow as unique persons, we learn to respect the uniqueness of others-dd- Robert Schuller . Respect is a two-way street, if you want to get it, you’ve got to give it-dd- R-dd-G-dd- Risch . Realize that you yourself are imperfect and flawed and you’ll be more forgiving and respectful of others-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The best way to sell yourself to others is first to sell the others to yourself-dd- Napoleon Hill . People crave for more respect than love, because they expect love only from few people but they want respect from everyone-dd- Amit Kalantri . We cannot expect people to have respect for law and order until we teach respect to those we have entrusted to enforce those laws-dd- Hunter S-dd- Thompson . Respect is what we owe; love, what we give-dd- Philip James Bailey . The art of conversation is the art of hearing as well as of being heard-dd- William Hazlitt . I firmly believe that respect is a lot more important, and a lot greater, than popularity-dd- Julius Erving . If we can’t laugh at ourselves, do we have the right to laugh at others-qq- C-dd-H-dd- Hamel . The right to be respected is won by respecting others-dd- Vasyl Sukhomlynsky . What withdraws, what becomes scarce, suddenly seems to deserve our respect and honor-dd- What stays too long, inundating us with its presence, makes us disdain it-dd- Robert Greene . If I despised myself, it would be no compensation if everyone saluted me, and if I respect myself, it does not trouble me if others hold me lightly-dd- Max Nordau . There is no respect for others without humility in one’s self-dd- Henri Frederic Amiel . Never respect men merely for their riches, but rather for their philanthropy; we do not value the sun for its height, but for its use-dd- Gamaliel Bailey . The only true disability is the inability to accept and respect differences-dd- Unknown . Respecting others’ opinions doesn’t mean being untrue to our own-dd- P-dd- M-dd- Forni . Tolerance only for those who agree with you is no tolerance at all-dd- Ray Davis . Be faithful to that which exists within yourself-dd- Andre Gide . Do not commit to any side or cause but yourself-dd- Robert Greene . Act as if what you do makes a difference-dd- It does-dd- William James . Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are-dd- Marilyn Monroe . I started living the day I learned to respect and accept myself completely-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to a point that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others-dd- And having no respect he ceases to love-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . We do not believe in ourselves until someone reveals that deep inside us is valuable, worth listening to, worthy of our trust, sacred to our touch-dd- Once we believe in ourselves we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight or any experience that reveals the human spirit-dd- E-dd- E-dd- Cummings . I long, as does every human being, to be at home wherever I find myself-dd- Maya Angelou . The worst loneliness is to not be comfortable with yourself-dd- Mark Twain . In my day, we didn’t have self-esteem, we had self-respect, and no more of it than we had earned-dd- Jane Haddam . The most terrifying thing is to accept oneself completely-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence-dd- Frederick Douglass . Without self knowledge, without understanding the working and functions of his machine, man cannot be free, he cannot govern himself and he will always remain a slave-dd- G-dd-I-dd- Gurdjieff . I think the most important thing in life is self-love, because if you don’t have self-love, and respect for everything about your own body, your own soul, your own capsule, then how can you have an authentic relationship with anyone else-qq- Shailene Woodley . If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too-dd- If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others-dd- Anne Morrow Lindbergh . If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away-dd- John Steinbeck . Above all, don’t lie to yourself-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . We are all something, but none of us are everything-dd- Blaise Pascal . And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same-dd- As we are liberated from our fear, our presence automatically liberates others-dd- Marianne Williamson . To value his own good opinion, a child has to feel that he is a worthwhile person-dd- He has to have confidence in himself as an individual-dd- Sidonie Gruenberg . What we do matters to us-dd- Work may not be the most important thing in our lives or the only thing-dd- We may work because we must, but we still want to love, to feel pride in, to respect ourselves for what we do and to make a difference-dd- To value his own good opinion, a child has to feel that he is a worthwhile person-dd- He has to have confidence in himself as an individual-dd- Sara Ann Friedman . To safeguard democracy the people must have a keen sense of independence, self-respect, and their oneness-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . You will never gain anyone’s approval by begging for it-dd- When you stand confident in your own worth, respect follows-dd- Mandy Hale . If someone in your life talked to you the way you talk to yourself, you would have left them long ago-dd- Carla Gordon . Perhaps the most important thing we can undertake toward the reduction of fear is to make it easier for people to accept themselves, to like themselves-dd- Bonaro W-dd- Overstreet . Train yourself to take nothing personally-dd- Robert Greene . As we grow as unique persons, we learn to respect the uniqueness of others-dd- Robert Schuller . I believe that God wants us to show respect-dd- Victoria Osteen . Life is short, and we should respect every moment of it-dd- Orhan Pamuk . Civilization is a method of living, an attitude of equal respect for all men-dd- Jane Addams . Enjoying the joys of others and suffering with them – these are the best guides for men-dd- Albert Einstein . In the last analysis, everyone is a human being, whether he is an American or a German, a Jew or a Gentile-dd- If it were possible to hold only this worthy point of view, I would be a happy man-dd- Albert Einstein . You and I should stop more often to appreciate all the beauty around us-dd- We are mere visitors on this planet, not the owner of it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Be kind, don’t judge, and have respect for others-dd- If we can all do this, the world would be a better place-dd- The point is to teach this to the next generation-dd- Jasmine Guinness . It is my goal to love everyone-dd- I hate no one-dd- Regardless of their race, religion, their proclivities, the desire of their heart and how they want to live their life and the decisions that they make-dd- I can even respect people’s decisions and lifestyle choices just as I hope they have the courtesy to respect my decisions and my choices-dd- Kirk Cameron . Trying so hard to please people can actually end up pushing them away – it is hard to respect someone who has such an ingratiating attitude-dd- Robert Greene . The supreme belief of our society is the dignity and freedom of the individual-dd- To the respect of that dignity, to the defense of that freedom, all effort is pledged-dd- Dwight Eisenhower . The life of the individual has meaning only insofar as it aids in making the life of every living thing nobler and more beautiful-dd- Albert Einstein . The great thing in the world is not so much to seek happiness as to earn peace and self-respect-dd- Thomas Huxley . I’m not concerned with your liking or disliking me… All I ask is that you respect me as a human being-dd- Jackie Robinson . Tolerance implies a respect for another person, not because he is wrong or even because he is right, but because he is human-dd- John Cogley . It is the duty of every cultured man or woman to read sympathetically the scriptures of the world-dd- If we are to respect others’ religions as we would have them respect our own, a friendly study of the world’s religions is a sacred duty-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The American city should be a collection of communities where every member has a right to belong-dd- It should be a place where every man feels safe on his streets and in the house of his friends-dd- It should be a place where each individual’s dignity and self-respect is strengthened by the respect and affection of his neighbors-dd- It should be a place where each of us can find the satisfaction and warmth which comes from being a member of the community of man-dd- This is what man sought at the dawn of civilization-dd- It is what we seek today-dd- Lyndon B-dd- Johnson . The essence of democracy is its assurance that every human being should so respect himself and should be so respected in his own personality that he should have opportunity equal to that of every other human being to show what he was meant to become-dd- Anna Garlin Spencer . Our ability to respect others is the true mark of our humanity-dd- Respect for other people is the essence of human rights-dd- Unknown . Respect the man, but not the behavior-dd- You can have respect for someone, even if you don’t respect everything they do-dd- Anderson Silva . How would your life be different if you stopped making negative judgemental assumptions about people you encounter-qq- Let today be the day…You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey-dd- Steve Maraboli . Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you-dd- Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . It’s okay to disagree with the thoughts or opinions expressed by other people-dd- That doesn’t give you the right to deny any sense they might make-dd- Nor does it give you a right to accuse someone of poorly expressing their beliefs just because you don’t like what they are saying-dd- Learn to recognize good writing when you read it, even if it means overcoming your pride and opening your mind beyond what is comfortable-dd- Ashly Lorenzana . Never judge someone by the way he looks or a book by the way it’s covered; for inside those tattered pages, there’s a lot to be discovered-dd- Stephen Cosgrove . If we can respect the divine within us, if we can treat it with dignity, then we can respect others around us-dd- Vishwas Chavan . A human being is not to be handled as a tool but is to be respected and revered-dd- Felix Adler . Man can find meaning in life, short and perilous as it is, only through devoting himself to society-dd- Albert Einstein . Honor and respect all religions equally-dd- Sri Sathya Sai Baba . Always respect another’s opinion and another’s point of view-dd- Sri Sathya Sai Baba . Be modest, be respectful of others, try to understand-dd- Lakhdar Brahimi . When you practice gratefulness, there is a sense of respect toward others-dd- Dalai Lama . A man must learn to understand the motives of human beings, their illusions, and their sufferings in order to acquire a proper relationship to individual fellow-men and to the community-dd- Albert Einstein . Don’t be that egocentric narcissist who is so focused on his goals that forget that other are, too, people-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The capacity for getting along with our neighbor depends to a large extent on the capacity for getting along with ourselves-dd- The self-respecting individual will try to be as tolerant of his neighbor’s shortcomings as he is of his own-dd- Eric Hoffer . Be a warrior when it comes to delivering on your ambitions-dd- And a saint when it comes to treating people with respect, modeling generosity, and showing up with outright love-dd- Robin S-dd- Sharma . I don’t care if you’re black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian, short, tall, fat, skinny, rich or poor-dd- If you’re nice to me, I’ll be nice to you-dd- Simple as that-dd- Robert Michaels . We must express ourselves in ways that demonstrate our respect for others-dd- Stephen Carter . I respect people and expect that kind of respect back-dd- Dennis Franz . Once you take care of people, people respect you-dd- George Weah . Politeness is a sign of dignity, not subservience-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . There is overwhelming evidence that the higher the level of self-esteem, the more likely one will be to treat others with respect, kindness, and generosity-dd- Nathaniel Branden . Respect requires empathy, the capacity to anticipate and understand the feelings of others-dd- It requires consideration-dd- Deborah Norville . The key is to learn to respect and honor the complications of other people’s lives-dd- Goldie Hawn . When we show our respect for other living things, they respond with respect for us-dd- Arapaho proverb . It’s not at all hard to understand a person; it’s only hard to listen without bias-dd- Criss Jami . Respect is earned, not given-dd- Unknown (wisdomquotes-dd-com believes that respect can be given too) . Treat others with respect and others will respect you-dd- Anthony Douglas Williams . You can demand courtesy but you have to earn respect-dd- Lawrence Goldstone . Some people will work hard to impress others-dd- What’s truly impressive is doing work for its own sake, for the love of it-dd- That’s the way to earn lasting respect-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Respect is earned-dd- Honesty is appreciated-dd- Trust is gained-dd- Loyalty is returned-dd- Unknown . Nothing of real worth can ever be bought-dd- Love, friendship, honour, valour, respect-dd- All these things have to be earned-dd- David Gemmell . Treat people the way you want to be treated-dd- Talk to people the way you want to be talked to-dd- Respect is earned, not given-dd- Hussein Nishah . Respect is for those who deserve it, not for those who demand it-dd- Unknown . My approach is that you have to earn the respect of people you work with-dd- Mark Pincus . Love is honesty-dd- Love is a mutual respect for one another-dd- Simone Elkeles . Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be-dd- Leo Tolstoy . I don’t need someone perfect-dd- I need someone who loves me, respects me, cares for me, understands me-dd- Unknown . If you truly want to be respected by people you love, you must prove to them that you can survive without them-dd- Michael Bassey Johnson . The truest form of love is how you behave toward someone, not how you feel about them-dd- Steve Hall . I’d rather be respected than loved-dd- Eli Broad . Caring, loving, listening, waiting, understanding and respecting are all synonyms-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I don’t want to be liked-dd- I want to be respected-dd- Jack Ma (Alibaba) . Respected, I almost want to be revered, that’s what I’m chasing-dd- Shia LaBeouf . I want to be very close to someone I respect and admire and have somebody who feels the same way about me-dd- Richard Bach . Love is about mutual respect, apart from attraction-dd- George Best . I respect a woman too much to marry her-dd- Sylvester Stallone . He who loves others is constantly loved by them-dd- He who respects others is constantly respected by them-dd- Mencius . Love is where you find it-dd- I think it is foolish to go around looking for it, and I think it can be poisonous-dd- I wish that people who are conventionally supposed to love each other would say to each other, when they fight, ‘Please, a little less love, and a little more common decency’-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Submission is not about authority and it is not obedience; it is all about relationships of love and respect-dd- William Paul Young . The moment you allow yourself to be treated like anyone else, it is too late – you are swallowed and digested-dd- Robert Greene . Every good relationship, especially marriage, is based on respect-dd- If it’s not based on respect, nothing that appears to be good will last very long-dd- Amy Grant . a great relationship is about two things-dd- First, appreciating the similarities, and second, respecting the differences-dd- Unknown . I can be hurt only by people I respect-dd- Mary Balogh . I could never love where I could not respect-dd- Charlotte Elizabeth . Respect is one of the most important things you can teach a child-dd- C-dd- Pulsifer . Another important aspect of our home was respect for ideas-dd- Robert B-dd- Laughlin . The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s life-dd- Richard Bach . A child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone-dd- Billy Graham . If you can’t teach but one thing, teach respect-dd- It’s the art of making space for others, consideration, appreciation and civility-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Respect the child-dd- Wait and see the new product of Nature-dd- Nature loves analogies, but not repetitions-dd- Respect the child-dd- Be not too much his parent-dd- Trespass not on his solitude-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Indeed, nothing is more critically connected to happiness—both our own and that of our children—than how well we love and support one another within the family-dd- M-dd- Russell Ballard . Wherever I look, I see signs of the commandment to honor one’s parents and nowhere of a commandment that calls for the respect of a child-dd- Alice Miller . A wise mother knows: It is her state of consciousness that matters-dd- Her gentleness and clarity command respect-dd- Her love creates security-dd- Vimala McClure . The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege-dd- Charles Kuralt . We respect our elders-dd- There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel-dd- Marcia Fudge . Happiness abounds when there is genuine respect one for another-dd- Wives draw closer to their husbands, and husbands are more appreciative of their wives, and children are happy, as children are meant to be-dd- Thomas S-dd- Monson . I hope that the noise of our homes will drop a few decibels, that we will subdue our voices and speak to one another with greater appreciation and respect-dd- Gordon B-dd- Hinckley . I have never bought into the idea that blood is thicker than water-dd- Love and respect are meant to be earned from our children, our spouses, our families, and our friends-dd- Raquel Cepeda . Where did we ever get the crazy idea that in order to make children do better, first we have to make them feel worse-qq- Think of the last time you felt humiliated or treated unfairly-dd- Did you feel like cooperating or doing better-qq- Jane Nelson . When we love and respect people, revealing to them their value, they can begin to come out from behind the walls that protect them-dd- Jean Vanier . I was always taught to respect my elders and I’ve now reached the age when I don’t have anybody to respect-dd- George Burns . I believe that the greatest gift you can give your family and the world is a healthy you-dd- Joyce Meyer . Family means no one gets left behind or forgotten-dd- David Ogden Stiers . We don’t have to like each other-dd- We just need to respect each other-dd- Izey Victoria Odiase . In true friendship, there’s bonding because of similarities and respect because of differences-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The biggest ingredient in a best friend is someone whose actions you respect and who you can truly be yourself around-dd- Renee Olstead . Where there’s no mutual respect, there’s trouble-dd- Dizzy Gillespie . Friendship should be surrounded with ceremonies and respects, and not crushed into corners-dd- Friendship requires more time than poor busy men can usually command-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Respect has nothing to do with who is right and who is wrong-dd- It has to do with allowing space for someone else’s opinion-dd- Jackie Viramontez . We are sun and moon, dear friend; we are sea and land-dd- It is not our purpose to become each other; it is to recognize each other, to learn to see the other and honor him for what he is: each the other’s opposite and complement-dd- Hermann Hesse . No boundary or barrier surrounds the heart of a person that loves their self and others-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Trust is earned, respect is given and loyalty is demonstrated-dd- Betrayal of any one of those is to lose all three-dd- Unknown . If by my life or death I can protect you, I will-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . True friends are those who came into your life, saw the most negative part of you, but are not ready to leave you, no matter how contagious you are to them-dd- Michael Bassey Johnson . Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles-dd- Confucius . Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none-dd- William Shakespeare . Mutual respect-xx- That’s what it takes to be friends-dd- Hugo Chavez . I respect those that tell the truth, no matter how hard it is-dd- Unknown . Warriors respect each other-dd- They give dignity to each other either in a win or in a defeat-dd- Avijeet Das . Freedom goes hand-in-hand with mutual respect-dd- Kay Rala Xanana Gusmao . It is mutual respect which makes friendship lasting-dd- John Henry Newman . Give yourself permission to change your world and others around you, in a positive way, with love and respect-dd- Tasha Hoggatt . The most special relationships, in my experience, are based on a combination of trust and mutual respect-dd- Charles Kennedy . If we would build on a sure foundation in friendship, we must love our friends for their sakes rather than for our own-dd- Charlotte Brontë . Mutual respect is the foundation of genuine harmony-dd- Dalai Lama . The need of the moment is not one religion, but mutual respect and tolerance of the devotees of the different religions-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Most good relationships are built on mutual trust and respect-dd- Mona Sutphen . I don’t trust people who don’t love themselves and tell me, ‘I love you-dd-’ There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt-dd- Maya Angelou . A man who doesn’t trust himself can never really trust anyone else-dd- Cardinal De Retz . Respect for the rights of others means peace-dd- Benito Juarez . The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Disrespect is the weapon of the weak-dd- Alice Miller . Respect at the cost of others is disrespect in effect-dd- Muhammad Tariq Majeed . One of the best response to disrespect toward yourself is indifference-dd- Maxime Lagacé . People are drawn to those who expect a lot out of life, whereas they tend to disrespect those who are fearful and undemanding-dd- Robert Greene . If you do not respect your own wishes, no one else will-dd- You will simply attract people who disrespect you as much as you do-dd- Vironika Tugaleva . Shame, blame, disrespect, betrayal, and the withholding of affection damage the roots from which love grows-dd- Love can only survive these injuries if they are acknowledged, healed and rare-dd- Brené Brown . Show respect even to people who don’t deserve it; not as a reflection of their character, but a reflection of yours-dd- Unknown . There can be disagreement without disrespect-dd- Unknown . Those who disrespect you with their mouth don’t deserve your ear-dd- Curtis Tyrone Jones . What goes around, comes around-dd- Willie Nelson . Familiarity breeds contempt-dd- Aesop . Distance yourself from people who: Lie to you-dd- Disrespect you-dd- Use you-dd- Put you down-dd- Unknown . Preservation of one’s own culture does not require contempt or disrespect for other cultures-dd- Cesar Chavez . Don’t let people disrespect you-dd- My mom says don’t open the door to the devil-dd- Surround yourself with positive people-dd- Cuba Gooding Jr . There’s not enough time to be disrespecting… Life is too short-dd- Mary J-dd- Blige . Instead of respecting things, we want to use them for ourselves and if it is difficult to use them, we want to conquer them-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . A man who goes into a restaurant and blatantly disrespects the servers shows a strong discontent with his own being-dd- Deep down he knows that restaurant service is the closest thing he will ever experience to being served like a king-dd- Criss Jami . Renunciation is dropping the fear, anger, respect, and disrespect but continuously radiating unconditional love for everyone-dd- Amit Ray . Disrespect for life is a direct reflection of violating the laws of the kingdom of love-dd- Sunday Adelaja . Respect depicts acceptance while disrespect is rejection-dd- Fawad Afzal Khan . I believe in a lively disrespect for most forms of authority-dd- Rita Mae Brown . In the end, those who demean others only disrespect themselves-dd- D-dd-B-dd- Harrop . A man should never neglect his family for business-dd- Walt Disney . Goodness and hard work are rewarded with respect-dd- Luther Campbell . The colleagues I respect the most are not the best talkers but the ones who care the most-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Acting with speed will garner you respect, awe, and irresistible momentum-dd- Robert Greene . Football is like life – it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority-dd- Vince Lombardi . When you have that respect from your teammates, it makes it a lot more comfortable-dd- LeBron James . Leaders who win the respect of others are the ones who deliver more than they promise, not the ones who promise more than they can deliver-dd- Mark A-dd- Clement . If you don’t feel respected, you won’t be engaged in your work-dd- Linda Hill . It is well to respect the leader-dd- Learn from him-dd- Observe him-dd- Study him-dd- But don’t worship him-dd- Believe you can surpass-dd- Believe you can go beyond-dd- Those who harbor the second-best attitude are invariably second-best doers-dd- David Joseph Schwartz . I have more respect for a man who lets me know where he stands, even if he’s wrong, than the one who comes up like an angel and is nothing but a devil-dd- Malcolm X . Humans are ambitious and rational and proud-dd- And we don’t fall in line with people who don’t respect us and who we don’t believe have our best interests at heart-dd- We are willing to follow leaders, but only to the extent that we believe they call on our best, not our worst-dd- Rachel Maddow . It is so much easier to be nice, to be respectful, to put yourself in your customers’ shoes and try to understand how you might help them before they ask for help, than it is to try to mend a broken customer relationship-dd- Mark Cuban . If you don’t stand for something, how can anyone respect what you do-qq- Miranda Lambert . Honest communication is built on truth and integrity and upon respect of the one for the other-dd- Benjamin E-dd- Mays . What you need is sustained outrage…there’s far too much unthinking respect given to authority-dd- Molly Ivins . Where the people possess no authority, their rights obtain no respect-dd- George Bancroft . Respect and fear are two different things-dd- Jane Smiley . The whole concept of treating people with dignity and respect is a concept that isn’t a business concept, it’s a life concept-dd- It’s who you are at the end of the day-dd- Greg Brenneman . Openness, respect, integrity – these are principles that need to underpin pretty much every other decision that you make-dd- Justin Trudeau . I have a great respect for incremental improvement, and I’ve done that sort of thing in my life, but I’ve always been attracted to the more revolutionary changes-dd- I don’t know why-dd- Because they’re harder-dd- They’re much more stressful emotionally-dd- Steve Jobs . If you don’t realize there is always someone who knows how to do something better than you, then you don’t give proper respect for others’ talents-dd- Hortense Canady . Respect other people regardless of the level they are at… or the level you are at-dd- When you hand out respect, you get it back-dd- Erik Estrada . Probably no greater honor can come to any man than the respect of his colleagues-dd- Cary Grant . And as you wish that others would do to you, do so to them-dd- Luke 6:31 . Honor everyone-dd- Love the brotherhood-dd- Fear God-dd- Honor the emperor-dd- Peter 2:17 . So in everything, do to others what you would have them do to you, for this sums up the Law and the Prophets-dd- Matthew 7:12 . Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit-dd- Rather, in humility value others above yourselves-dd- Philippians 2:3 . In everything set them an example by doing what is good-dd- In your teaching show integrity, seriousness-dd- Titus 2:7 . Even as I try to please everyone in every way-dd- For I am not seeking my own good but the good of many, so that they may be saved-dd- Corinthians 10:33 . Be devoted to one another in love-dd- Honor one another above yourselves-dd- Romans 12:10 . So the last will be first, and the first last-dd- Matthew 20:16 . Now we ask you, brothers and sisters, to acknowledge those who work hard among you, who care for you in the Lord and who admonish you-dd- Hold them in the highest regard in love because of their work-dd- Live in peace with each other-dd- Thessalonians 5:12-13 . Children, obey your parents in the Lord, for this is right-dd- “Honor your father and mother” – which is the first commandment with a promise – so that it may go well with you and that you may enjoy long life on the earth-dd- Ephesians 6:1-3 . Husbands, love your wives, as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her-dd- Ephesians 5:25 . He who oppresses the poor taunts his Maker, but he who is gracious to the needy honors Him-dd- Proverbs 14:31 . For the wrongdoer will be paid back for the wrong he has done, and there is no partiality-dd- Colossians 3:25 . To be one, to be united is a great thing-dd- But to respect the right to be different is maybe even greater-dd- Bono . Never have more children than you have car windows-dd- Erma Bombeck . Children are one third of our population and all of our future-dd- Select Panel for the Promotion of Child Health, 1981 . A person’s a person, no matter how small-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . History will judge us by the difference we make in the everyday lives of children-dd- Nelson Mandela . Children will listen to you after they feel listened to-dd- Jane Nelsen . Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . You can learn many things from children-dd- How much patience you have, for instance-dd- Franklin P-dd- Jones . You are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent forth-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Children must be taught how to think, not what to think-dd- Margaret Mead . Children learn more from what you are, than what you teach-dd- W-dd-E-dd-B-dd- Du Bois . Children make you want to start life over-dd- Muhammad Ali . A child is an uncut diamond-dd- Austin O’Malley . Don’t handicap your children by making their lives easy-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales-dd- If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales-dd- Albert Einstein . What is a home without children-qq- Quiet-dd- Henny Youngman . Children need models rather than critics-dd- Joseph Joubert . Even if people are still very young, they shouldn’t be prevented from saying what they think-dd- Anne Frank . To every child – I dream of a world where you can laugh, dance, sing, learn, live in peace and be happy-dd- Malala Yousafzai . We worry about what a child will become tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today-dd- Stacia Tauscher . Our most important task as a nation is to make sure all our young people can achieve their dreams-dd- Barack Obama . A child seldom needs a good talking to as a good listening to-dd- Robert Brault . Seven things every child needs to hear: I love you, I’m proud of you, I’m sorry, I forgive you, I’m listening-dd- This is your responsibility-dd- You have what it takes to succeed-dd- Sherrie Campbell, PhD . One generation plants the trees; another gets the shade-dd- Chinese proverb . Teach your children they’re unique-dd- That way, they won’t feel pressured to be like everybody else-dd- Cindy Cashman . Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them-dd- James Baldwin . There are only two lasting bequests we can hope to give our children-dd- One is roots; the other, wings-dd- Hodding Carter . Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Children are mirrors, they reflect back to us all we say and do-dd- Pam Leo . A child can ask questions that a wise man cannot answer-dd- . If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them and half as much money-dd- Abigail Van Buren . Let parents bequeath to their children not riches, but the spirit of reverence-dd- Plato . A child can teach an adult three things… To be happy for no reason-dd- To always be busy with something-dd- And to know how to demand with all his might that which he desires-dd- Paulo Coelho . The greatest gifts you can give your children are the roots of responsibility and the wings of independence-dd- Denis Waitley . Always smile back at little children-dd- To ignore them is to destroy their belief that the world is good-dd- Pam Brown . Always kiss your children goodnight, even if they’re already asleep-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr-dd- (This is one of my favorite children quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men-dd- Frederick Douglas . It is a wise father that knows his own child-dd- William Shakespeare . All little girls should be told they are pretty-dd- Marilyn Monroe . It took me four years to paint like Raphael, but a lifetime to paint like a child-dd- Pablo Picasso . All children are artists-dd- The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up-dd- Pablo Picasso . Youth is a wonderful thing-dd- What a crime to waste it on children-dd- George Bernard Shaw . A child is not a vase to be filled, but a fire to be lit-dd- Francois Rabelais . Adults follow paths-dd- Children explore-dd- Neil Gaiman . Children make your life important-dd- Erma Bombeck . Children are our most valuable resource-dd- Herbert Hoover . It takes a village to raise a child-dd- African proverb . Children are the keys of paradise-dd- Eric Hoffer . One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world-dd- Malala Yousafzai . A child miseducated is a child lost-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . The mother’s heart is the child’s schoolroom-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Children re-invent your world for you-dd- Susan Sarandon . An honest man is always a child-dd- Socrates . Children are the anchors that hold the mother to life-dd- Sophocles . Wealth and children are the adornment of life-dd- Quran . Kids spell love T-I-M-E-dd- John Crudele . All men know their children mean more than life-dd- Euripides . Noble fathers have noble children-dd- Euripides . Adults are just outdated children-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Having one child makes you a parent; having two, you are a referee-dd- David Frost . When kids hit 1 year old, it’s like hanging out with a miniature drunk-dd- You have to hold onto them-dd- They bump into things-dd- They laugh and cry-dd- They urinate-dd- They vomit-dd- Johnny Depp . Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own-dd- Aristotle . A child is a curly dimpled lunatic-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where they’re going-dd- P-dd- J-dd- O’Rourke . The most effective form of birth control I know is spending the day with my kids-dd- Jill Bensley . The first half of our lives is spoiled by our parents, and the last half by our children-dd- Jennifer James . Most children threaten at times to run away from home-dd- This is the only thing that keeps some parents going-dd- Phyllis Diller . I want my children to have all the things I couldn’t afford-dd- Then I want to move in with them-dd- Phyllis Diller . There are three things that a child can teach an adult: To be happy for no reason; to be always busy doing something; And to know how to demand – with all one’s might – what one wants-dd- Paulo Coelho . I’ve been to war-dd- I’ve raised twins-dd- If I had a choice, I’d rather go to war-dd- George W-dd- Bush . Children are a great comfort to us in our old age, and they help us reach it faster too-dd- . Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing up is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing-dd- Phyllis Diller . Don’t try to make children grow up to be like you, or they may do it-dd- Russell Baker . Before I got married I had six theories about bringing up children; now I have six children and no theories-dd- John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester . Give me the children until they are seven and anyone may have them afterward-dd- St-dd- Francis Xavier . A characteristic of the normal child is he doesn’t act that way very often-dd- Unknown . Children are the living messages we send to a time we will not see-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . I continue to believe that if children are given the necessary tools to succeed, they will succeed beyond their wildest dreams-xx- David Vitter . If a man leaves little children behind him, it is as if he did not die-dd- Moroccan Proverb . If we don’t stand up for children, then we don’t stand for much-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . If we wish to create a lasting peace we must begin with the children-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . There is a brilliant child locked inside every student-dd- Marva Collins . You know who’s going to build that better world-qq- It’s the youth-dd- Children will do things that are now considered impossible-dd- Kacey McCallister . The essence of our effort to see that every child has a chance must be to assure each an equal opportunity, not to become equal, but to become different – to realize whatever unique potential of body, mind and spirit he or she possesses-dd- John Fischer . If you make children happy now, you make make them happy twenty years hence by the memory of it-dd- . The extra hours you put in today will keep a smile on the faces of your children a few years from now-dd- . The child must know that he is a miracle, that since the beginning of the world there hasn’t been, and until the end of the world there will not be, another child like him-dd- Pablo Casals . How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving, and tolerant of the weak and strong-dd- Because some day in life you will have been all of these-dd- George Washington Carver . Today our children are our reflection-dd- Tomorrow they will be our shadows-dd- Maralee McKee . Hugs can do great amounts of good, especially for children-dd- Princess Diana . The first happiness of a child is to know that he is loved-dd- Don Bosco . Kids go where there is excitement, they stay where there is love-dd- Zig Ziglar . When you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts-dd- A mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child-dd- Sophia Loren . Too much love never spoils children-dd- Children become spoiled when we substitute presents for presence-dd- Anthony Witham . There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Children begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them-dd- Oscar Wilde . Loving a child doesn’t mean giving in to all his whims; to love him is to bring out the best in him, to teach him to love what is difficult-dd- Nadia Boulanger . Our job is not to toughen our children up to face a cruel and heartless world-dd- Our job is to raise children who will make the world a little less cruel and heartless-dd- L-dd-R-dd- Knost . Your kids require you most of all to love them for who they are, not to spend your whole time trying to correct them-dd- Bill Ayers . I don’t remember who said this, but there really are places in the heart you don’t even know exist until you love a child-dd- Anne Lamott . It’s a funny thing about mothers and fathers-dd- Even when their own child is the most disgusting little blister you could ever imagine, they still think that he or she is wonderful-dd- Roald Dahl . If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace-dd- Thomas Paine . The soul is healed by being with children-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Children are the only form of immortality that we can be sure of-dd- Peter Ustinov . While we try to teach our children all about life, Our children teach us what life is all about-dd- Angela Schwindt . Children astound me with their inquisitive minds-dd- The world is wide and mysterious to them, and as they piece together the puzzle of life, they ask ‘Why-qq-’ ceaselessly-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Your children make it impossible to regret your past-dd- They’re its finest fruits-dd- Sometimes the only ones-dd- Anna Quindlen . Love children especially, for they too are sinless like the angels; they live to soften and purify our hearts and, as it were, to guide us-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict or not closing one more deal-dd- You will regret time not spent with a husband, a friend, a child, or a parent-dd- Barbara Bush . There is no sound more annoying than the chatter of a child, and none more sad than the silence they leave when they are gone-dd- Mark Lawrence . Being considerate of others will take your children further in life than any college degree-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . May what I do flow from me like a river, no forcing and no holding back, the way it is with children-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . It’s not about what you tell your children, but how you show them how to live life-dd- Jada Pinkett Smith . Do not indoctrinate your children-dd- Teach them how to think for themselves, how to evaluate evidence, and how to disagree with you-dd- Richard Dawkins . Let us put our minds together and see what life we can make for our children-dd- Sitting Bull . Children require guidance and sympathy far more than instruction-dd- Anne Sullivan . When do children cry-qq- When they want something-dd- Adults are no different-dd- Naval Ravikant . There never was a child so lovely, but his mother was glad to get him asleep-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Children are likely to live up to what you believe of them-dd- Lady Bird Johnson . The way we talk to our children becomes their inner voice-dd- Peggy O’Mara . Your children need your presence more than your presents-dd- Jesse Jackson . Children aren’t coloring books-dd- You don’t get to fill them with your favorite colors-dd- Khaled Hosseini . If you as parents cut corners, your children will too-dd- If you lie, they will too-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . The greatest legacy one can pass on to one’s children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one’s life, but rather a legacy of character and faith-dd- Billy Graham . The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother-dd- Theodore Hesburgh . Children are not things to be molded, but are people to be unfolded-dd- Jess Lair . Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children-dd- Charles R-dd- Swindoll . Indeed – judicious, consistent parenting is a dream of mine-dd- No judgments, learning space and listening carefully are my goals-dd- Emma Thompson . Children are great imitators-dd- So give them something great to imitate-dd- . We spend the first year of a child’s life teaching it to walk and talk and the rest of its life to shut up and sit down-dd- There’s something wrong there-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them-dd- James Baldwin . The best way to make children good is to make them happy-dd- Oscar Wilde . I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it-dd- Harry S-dd- Truman, 33rd President of the United States . The best inheritance a parent can give his children is a few minutes of his time each day-dd- Orlando Aloysius Battista . If you can give your son or daughter only one gift… Let it be enthusiasm-dd- Bruce Barton . Don’t worry that children never listen to you; worry that they are always watching you-dd- Robert Fulghum . Anyone who does anything to help a child is a hero to me-dd- Fred Rogers . Where parents do too much for their children… the children will not do much for themselves-dd- Elbert Hubbard . What a child doesn’t receive, he can seldom later give-dd- P-dd-D-dd- James . Live so that when your children think of fairness, caring, and integrity, they think of you-dd- H-dd- Jackson Browne Jr-dd- . Children need love especially when they don’t deserve it-dd- Harold Hulbert . Kindness to children-dd- Love for children-dd- Goodness to children… These are the only investments that never fail-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A sense of worthiness is a child’s most important need-dd- Polly Berends . Children don’t need much advice but they really do need to be listened to and not just with half an ear-dd- Emma Thompson . To value his own good opinion, a child has to feel that he is a worthwhile person-dd- He has to have confidence in himself as an individual-dd- Sidonie Gruenberg . Nothing you do for children is ever wasted-dd- They seem not to notice us, hovering, averting our eyes, and they seldom offer thanks, but what we do for them is never wasted-dd- Garrison Keillor . Where did we ever get the crazy idea that in order to make children do better, first we have to make them feel worse-qq- Think of the last time you felt humiliated or treated unfairly-dd- Did you feel like cooperating or doing better-qq- Jane Nelson . Children are great imitators-dd- So give them something great to imitate-dd- . A moving child is a learning child-dd- Gill Connel and Cheryl McCarthy . Play is often talked about as if it were a relief from serious learning-dd- But for children, play is serious learning-dd- Mr-dd- Rogers . Supporting children to play requires us to remember what life is all about-dd- It’s not about getting from A-Z, but rather dreaming beyond both-dd- Vince Gowmon . Play is training for the unexpected-dd- Marc Bekoff . Play is the only way the highest intelligence of humankind can unfold-dd- Joseph Chilton Pearce . Play gives children a chance to practice what they are learning-dd- Mr-dd- Rogers . Play is often talked about as if it were a relief from serious learning-dd- But for children play is serious learning-dd- Play is really the work of childhood-dd- Fred Rogers . In every real man a child is hidden that wants to play-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Children understand and remember concepts best when they learn from direct personal experiences-dd- Joseph Campbell . Play is the royal road to childhood happiness and adult brilliance-dd- Joseph Chilton Pearce . Let the child be the scriptwriter, the director and the actor in his own play-dd- Magda Gerber . Children need the freedom and time to play-dd- Play is not a luxury-dd- Play is a necessity-dd- Kay Redfield Jamison . Don’t limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play-dd- Heraclitus . Play is our brain’s favorite way of learning-dd- Diane Ackerman . A child educated only at school is an uneducated child-dd- George Santayana . Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep continuing needs, is good for him-dd- Maya Angelou . Good habits formed at youth make all the difference-dd- Aristotle . Children are made readers in the laps of their parents-dd- Emilie Buchwald . Don’t educate your children to be rich-dd- Educate them to be happy, so they know the value of things, not the price-dd- . Make it a rule never to give a child a book you would not read yourself-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Education in the true sense is helping the individual to be mature and free, to flower greatly in love and goodness-dd- That is what we should be interested in, and not in shaping the child according to some idealistic pattern-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . I know that we need to directly teach our children the most vital lessons, rather than assume that they’ll be understood-dd- Galit Breen . The essence of our effort to see that every child has a chance must be to assure each an equal opportunity, not to become equal, but to become different – to realize whatever unique potential of body, mind and spirit he or she possesses-dd- John Fischer . Learning is a result of listening, which in turn leads to even better listening and attentiveness to the other person-dd- In other words, to learn from the child, we must have empathy, and empathy grows as we learn-dd- Alice Miller . Example is the school of mankind, and they will learn at no other-dd- Edmund Burke . Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk-dd- Carl Jung . When you read to a child, when you put a book in a child’s hands, you are bringing that child news of the infinitely varied nature of life-dd- You are an Awakener-dd- Paula Fox . I sincerely believe that for the child, and for the parent seeking to guide him, it is not half so important to know as to feel-dd- If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow-dd- The years of early childhood are the time to prepare the soil-dd- Once the emotions have been aroused – a sense of the beautiful, the excitement of the new and the unknown, a feeling of sympathy, pity, admiration or love – then we wish for knowledge about the subject of our emotional response-dd- Once found, it has lasting meaning-dd- It is more important to pave the way for the child to want to know than to put him on a diet of facts he is not ready to assimilate-dd- Rachel Carson . Don’t just teach your children to read-dd- Teach them to question what they read-dd- Teach them to question everything-dd- George Carlin . A young child is, indeed, a true scientist, just one big question mark-dd- What-qq- Why-qq- How-qq- I never cease to marvel at the recurring miracle of growth, to be fascinated by the mystery and wonder of this brave enthusiasm-dd- Victoria Wagner . Too often, I think, children are required to write before they have anything to say-dd- Teach them to think and read and talk with self-repression, and they will write because they cannot help it-dd- Anne Sullivan . Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person’s character lies in their own hands-dd- Anne Frank . Too often we give our children answers to remember rather than problems to solve-dd- Roger Lewin . Only children believe they are capable of everything-dd- Paulo Coelho . Pretty much all the honest truth telling there is in the world is done by children-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . Kids deserve the right to think that they can change the world-dd- Lois Lowry . How is it that little children are so intelligent and men so stupid-qq- It must be education that does it-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Childhood means simplicity-dd- Look at the world with the child’s eye – it is very beautiful-dd- Kailash Satyarthi . Children are people we should be spending a lot of time talking to, listening to and helping because they’re new here-dd- Deb Lewis . A three-year-old child is a being who gets almost as much fun out of a fifty-six dollar set of swings as it does out of finding a small green worm-dd- Bill Vaughan . A child thinks that life is really beautiful and that it will become even more beautiful-dd- It is the duty of society to fulfil that expectation-dd- Robert Muller . Observe your children closely: they have often fundamental approaches and answers to the mysteries of life which we have lost as adults-dd- Robert Muller . Children are the true connoisseurs, what’s precious to them has no price, only value-dd- Bel Kaufman . We should all be inspired by children: they don’t care about fear and mistakes-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Children are a wonderful gift-dd- They have an extraordinary capacity to see into the heart of things and to expose sham and humbug for what they are-dd- Bishop Desmond Tutu . Blessed be childhood, which brings down something of Heaven into the midst of our rough earthliness-dd- Henri Frederic Amiel . Only those who look with the eyes of children can lose themselves in the object of their wonder-dd- Eberhard Arnold . There are no seven wonders of the world in the eyes of a child-dd- There are seven million-dd- Walt Streightiff . Children see magic because they look for it-dd- Christopher Moore . Only where children gather is there any real chance of fun-dd- Mignon McLaughlin . Children don’t need “meaning” to get up in the morning-dd- Life is the meaning-dd- Naval Ravikant . The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm-dd- Aldous Huxley . A child who sings is a happy child-dd- Elder Enrique Falabella . There’s nothing more contagious than the laughter of young children; it doesn’t even have to matter what they’re laughing about-dd- Criss Jami . There’s nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child-dd- Erma Bombeck . Children learn to smile from their parents-dd- Shinichi Suzuki . Babies are such a nice way to start people-dd- Don Herold . If a child is to keep alive his inborn sense of wonder, he needs the companionship of at least one adult who can share it, rediscovering with him the joy, excitement and mystery of the world we live in-dd- Rachel Carson . We find delight in the beauty and happiness of children that makes the heart too big for the body-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Every child is a different kind of flower, and all together, make this world a beautiful garden-dd- . A baby is God’s opinion that the world should go on-dd- Carl Sandburg . Every child is a thought in the mind of God, and our task is to recognize this thought and help it toward completion-dd- Eberhard Arnold . Raising children should mean helping them to become what they already are in God’s eyes-dd- Eberhard Arnold . There is all the difference in the world between teaching children about religion and handing them over to be taught by the religious-dd- Polly Toynbee . If religious instruction were not allowed until the child had attainted the age of reason, we would be living in a quite different world-dd- Christopher Hitchens . The world of religion isn’t a logical world; that’s why children like it-dd- It’s a world of worked-out fantasies, very similar to children’s stories or fairy tales-dd- Yehuda Amichai . My children, the secret of religion lies not in theories but in practice-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Children pick up words, as pigeons peas, and utter them again as God shall please-dd- Portuguese Proverb . The voice of parents is the voice of gods, for to their children they are heaven’s lieutenants-dd- William Shakespeare . If you ask children in the west where’s God, they’d point to the sky-dd- If you ask children in India, they point at themselves-dd- Mother Teresa . I love these little people; and it is not a slight thing when they, who are so fresh from God, love us-dd- Charles Dickens . Play is the work of the child-dd- Maria Montessori . Never help a child with a task at which he feels he can succeed-dd- Maria Montessori . When children come into contact with nature, they reveal their strength-dd- Maria Montessori . The most important period of life is not the age of university studies, but the first one, the period from birth to the age of six-dd- Maria Montessori . The greatest sign of success for a teacher… is to be able to say, ‘The children are now working as if I did not exist-dd-’ Maria Montessori . Early childhood education is the key to the betterment of society-dd- Maria Montessori . The development of language is part of the development of the personality, for words are the natural means of expressing thoughts and establishing understanding between people-dd- Maria Montessori . Free the child’s potential, and you will transform him into the world-dd- Maria Montessori . Now, what really makes a teacher is love for the human child; for it is love that transforms the social duty of the educator into the higher consciousness of a mission-dd- Maria Montessori . Joy, feeling one’s own value, being appreciated and loved by others, feeling useful and capable of production are all factors of enormous value for the human soul-dd- Maria Montessori . When you have solved the problem of controlling the attention of the child, you have solved the entire problem of its education-dd- Maria Montessori . One test of the correctness of educational procedure is the happiness of the child-dd- Maria Montessori . Adults are just obsolete children and the hell with them-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . You have brains in your head-dd- You have feet in your shoes-dd- You can steer yourself any direction you choose-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Today you are you, that is truer than true-dd- There is no one alive who is youer than you-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . You’re never too old, too wacky, too wild, to pick up a book and read to a child-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Each of us as citizens, has a role to play in creating a better world for our children-dd- Nelson Mandela . We owe our children – the most vulnerable citizens in any society – a life free from violence and fear-dd- Nelson Mandela . Our children are the rock on which our future will be built, our greatest asset as a nation-dd- They will be the leaders of our country, the creators of our national wealth, those who care for and protect our people-dd- Nelson Mandela . Educating all of our children must be one of our most urgent priorities-dd- We all know that education, more than anything else, improves our chances of building better lives-dd- Nelson Mandela . Education is the great engine of personal development-dd- It is through education that the daughter of a peasant can become a doctor, that the son of a mineworker can become the head of the mine, that a child of farm workers can become the president of a great nation-dd- It is what we make out of what we have, not what we are given, that separates one person from another-dd- Nelson Mandela . Few things make the life of a parent more rewarding and sweet as successful children-dd- Nelson Mandela . Our children are our greatest treasure-dd- They are our future-dd- Those who abuse them tear at the fabric of our society and weaken our nation-dd- Nelson Mandela . One way that we can build a better future for children is by empowering them through allowing them to speak up for themselves-dd- Of course, we as adults have to guide them and to take ultimate responsibility but that is something quite different from patronizing them-dd- The rights of children must, importantly, include the right to be themselves and to talk for themselves-dd- Nelson Mandela . There can be no keener revelation of a society’s soul than the way in which it treats its children-dd- Nelson Mandela . You know, you cannot give your faith to your children, you can only show them-dd- Mother Teresa . If you judge people, you have no time to love them-dd- Mother Teresa . The child is the beauty of God present in the world, that greatest gift to a family-dd- Mother Teresa . Some people come in your life as blessings-dd- Some come in your life as lessons-dd- Mother Teresa . If you want to bring happiness to the whole world, go home and love your family-dd- Mother Teresa . The problem with our world is that we draw the circle of family too small-dd- Mother Teresa . Never worry about numbers-dd- Help one at a time, and always start with those nearest you-dd- Mother Teresa . How can there be too many children-qq- That is like saying there are too many flowers-dd- Mother Teresa . Children’s talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives meaning-dd- Maya Angelou . If you are always trying to be normal you will never know how amazing you can be-dd- Maya Angelou . The best candy shop a child can be left alone in, is the library-dd- Maya Angelou . Never whine-dd- Whining lets a brute know that a victim is in the neighborhood-dd- Maya Angelou . I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel-dd- Maya Angelou . Love recognizes no barriers-dd- It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope-dd- Maya Angelou . When you know better, you do better-dd- Maya Angelou . If I have a monument in this world, it is my son-dd- Maya Angelou . That’s the real trouble with the world-dd- Too many people grow up-dd- Walt Disney . All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them-dd- Walt Disney . Our greatest natural resource is the minds of our children-dd- Walt Disney . Laughter is timeless, imagination has no age, dreams are forever-dd- Walt Disney . First, think-dd- Second, believe-dd- Third, dream-dd- And finally, dare-dd- Walt Disney . I have long felt that the way to keep children out of trouble is to keep them interested in things-dd- Walt Disney . I do not make films primarily for children-dd- I make them for the child in all of us, whether he be six or sixty-dd- Call the child innocence-dd- Walt Disney . Everybody in the world was once a child-dd- We grow up-dd- Our personalities change-dd- But in every one of us, something remains of our childhood-dd- Walt Disney . When you’re curious, you find lots of interesting things to do-dd- Walt Disney . If you can dream it, you can do it-dd- Always remember that this whole thing was started by a mouse-dd- Walt Disney . There’s a child in us all-dd- Walt Disney . The law of love could be best understood and learned through little children-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . If we are to teach real peace in this world, and if we are to carry on a real war against war, we shall have to begin with the children-dd- Mahatma Gandh . The greatest lessons in life, if we would but stoop and humble ourselves, we would learn not from the grown-up learned men, but from the so-called ignorant children-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Nobody can hurt me without my permission-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Hate the sin, love the sinner-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . It is vital that when educating our children’s brains, that we do not neglect to educate their hearts-dd- Dalai Lama . Be kind whenever possible-dd- It is always possible-dd- Dalai Lama . I defeat my enemies when I make them my friends-dd- Dalai Lama . Children are our greatest untapped resource-dd- Dalai Lama . Old men can make war, but it is children who will make history-dd- Ray Merritt . When I approach a child, he inspires in me two sentiments — tenderness for what he is and respect for what he may become-dd- Louis Pasteur . It’s the children the world almost breaks who grow up to save it-dd- Frank Warren . The visions we offer our children shape the future-dd- Carl Sagan . For these are all our children-dd- We will all profit by, or pay for, whatever they become-dd- James Baldwin . Children are our future, and the only way for the world to evolve, as I have been shown it should be, is for each generation to be more loving and compassionate than the one before-dd- This is only possible if we support the children around us, and protect and encourage them so that they don’t need to lock their love away-dd- Lorna Byrne . Cherish your children… for they are the footprints you will leave behind-dd- Taylor Evan Fulks . Smile, breathe and go slowly-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If you see someone without a smile give them one of yours-dd- Unknown . Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Peace begins with a smile-dd- Mother Teresa . There is fear when frowning-dd- There is love when smiling-dd- Maxime Lagacé . A smile is a friend maker-dd- Bangambiki Habyarimana . Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love-dd- Mother Teresa . I love those who can smile in trouble-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Smile at strangers and you just might change a life-dd- Steve Maraboli . Use your smile to change the world but don’t let the world change your smile-dd- Unknown . If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love-dd- Maya Angelou . Science teaches to think but love teaches to smile-dd- Santosh Kalwar . If we are not able to smile, then the world will not have peace-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Even a smile is a good deed-dd- Shari Arison . A smile is the universal welcome-dd- Max Eastman . The source of a true smile is an awakened mind-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . I smile like a flower not only with my lips but with my whole being-dd- Rumi . A simple smile-dd- That’s the start of opening your heart and being compassionate to others-dd- Dalai Lama . Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad-dd- Christina Rossetti . The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection-dd- Thomas Paine . A warm smile is the universal language of kindness-dd- William Arthur Ward . What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity-dd- These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life’s pathway, the good they do is inconceivable-dd- Joseph Addison . Of all the medicines in the inner life, a smile is by far the best medecine-dd- Sri Chinmoy . Nothing you wear is more important than your smile-dd- Connie Stevens . If I can see pain in your eyes then share with me your tears-dd- If I can see joy in your eyes then share with me your smile-dd- Santosh Kalwar . If we are peaceful, if we are happy, we can smile and blossom like a flower, and everyone in our family, our entire society, will benefit from our peace-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . All the statistics in the world can’t measure the warmth of a smile-dd- Chris Hart . A gentle word, a kind look, a good-natured smile can work wonders and accomplish miracles-dd- William Hazlitt . How can you feel bad and smile simultaneously-qq- Maxime Lagacé . Smile is the vainest thing you can wear without costing you anything-dd- Unknown . She wrote love with her smile and magic with her eyes-dd- Giovannie de Sadeleer . Smile in the mirror-dd- Do that every morning and you’ll start to see a big difference in your life-dd- Yoko Ono . One who smiles rather than rages is always the stronger-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . The living should smile, for the dead cannot-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin . Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles-dd- George Eliot . Smile at the obstacle, for it is a bridge-dd- Medusa (This is one of my favorite smile quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Smile, and let the world wonder why-dd- Minnie Mouse (Disney) . Remember to smile-dd- Nelson Mandela . A smile cures the wounding of a frown-dd- William Shakespeare . One may smile, and smile, and be a villain-dd- William Shakespeare . Smile if you want a smile from another face-dd- Dalai Lama . My practice when I see someone, is to smile-dd- Dalai Lama . I have many problems in life-dd- But my lips don’t know that-dd- They always smile-dd- Charlie Chaplin . Man is here for the sake of other men – above all for those upon whose smiles and well-being our own happiness depends-dd- Albert Einstein . It was only a sunny smile, and little it cost in the giving, but like morning light it scattered the night and made the day worth living-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . If you have only one smile in you, give it to the people you love-dd- Don’t be surly at home, then go out in the street and start grinning ‘Good morning’ at total strangers-dd- Maya Angelou . A smile is the best makeup any girl can wear-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Children show me in their playful smiles the divine in everyone-dd- Michael Jackson . You gotta be able to smile through all this bullshit-dd- Tupac Shakur . I silently smiled at my incessant good fortune-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been-dd- Mark Twain . The robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief-dd- William Shakespeare . Start every day with a smile and get it over with-dd- W-dd-C-dd- Fields . It seems to me that what we call beauty in a face lies in the smile-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Count your age by friends, not years-dd- Count your life by smiles, not tears-dd- John Lennon . Smile to the future and it will smile back to you-dd- Yoko Ono . Smile, it’s free therapy-dd- Douglas Horton . Smile is the beauty of the soul-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . An honest smile is an icebreaker-dd- Toba Beta . Every smile makes you a day younger-dd- Chinese proverb . When a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully-dd- Steve Maraboli . Smile more-dd- Smiling can make you and others happy-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Just one smile immensely increases the beauty of the universe-dd- Sri Chinmoy . Smile is a good reply to the dark world-dd- Mehmet Murat Ildan . Smiling resets your mood-dd- Joel Osteen . The simplest positive action is a smile-dd- Maxime Lagacé . A laugh is a smile out of control-dd- Wyatt B-dd- Pringle Jr . You are not fully dressed until you wear a smile-dd- Evan Esar . Everyone smiles in the same language-dd- George Carlin . Smile-dd- Be open and welcoming-dd- Ephraim Buchwald . Everywhere you go, take a smile with you-dd- Sasha Azevedo . A smile is a curve that sets everything straight-dd- Phyllis Diller . Smile-xx- It increases your face value-dd- Robert Harling . There is no angry way to say bubbles-dd- Unknown . Smile big-dd- Laugh often-dd- Never take this life for granted-dd- Unknown . 7 billion smiles, and yours is my favorite-dd- Unknown . I love those random memories that make me smile-dd- Unknown . There is always a reason to smile-dd- Find it-dd- Unknown . Smile-dd- It intimidates those who wish to destroy you-dd- Unknown . Most smiles are started by another smile-dd- Unknown . A smile is the shortest distance between two people-dd- Unknown . A smile is the prettiest thing you can wear-dd- Unknown . A smile confuses an approaching frown-dd- Unknown . Life is like a mirror, we get the best results when we smile at it-dd- Unknown . The world always looks brighter from behind a smile-dd- Unknown . A smile is the best defense against in an offensive world-dd- Unknown . Life is short-dd- Smile while you still have teeth-dd- Unknown . Smiles are free but they are worth a lot-dd- Unknown . Keep walking and keep smiling-dd- Tiny Tim . Look back, and smile on perils past-dd- Walter Scott . Arrogance frowns; pride smiles-dd- Mason Cooley . Smile, it is the key that fits the lock of everybody’s heart-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . My mom smiled at me-dd- Her smile kind of hugged me-dd- R-dd-J-dd- Palacio . Be the living expression of God’s kindness; kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile-dd- Mother Teresa . Lighten up, just enjoy life, smile more, laugh more, and don’t get so worked up about things-dd- Kenneth Branagh . Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available-dd- Jim Beggs . Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you-dd- Les Brown . The moment you wake up, right away, you can smile-dd- That’s a smile of enlightenment-dd- You are aware that a new day is beginning, that life is offering you twenty-four brand-new hours to live, and that that’s the most precious of gifts-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around-dd- Leo F-dd- Buscaglia . The value of a smile… It costs nothing, but creates much-dd- It enriches those who receive, without impoverishing those who give-dd- It happens in a flash and the memory of it sometimes lasts forever-dd- None are so rich they can get along without it, and none so poor but are richer for its benefits-dd- It creates happiness in the home, fosters good will in a business, and is the countersign of friends-dd- Dale Carnegie . When things are difficult, smile by faith-dd- Don’t wait until you feel better-dd- Joel Osteen . Just for today, smile a little more-dd- Just for today, ask someone how he or she is really doing-dd- Just for today, remember, while some may have it better than you do, there are others whom definitely have it worse than you-xx- Just for today, just let go, just for today… James A-dd- Murphy . We divided ourselves among caste, creed, culture and countries but what is undivided remains most valuable: a mere smile and the love-dd- Santosh Kalwar . You’ve got a lot of choices-dd- If getting out of bed in the morning is a chore and you’re not smiling on a regular basis, try another choice-dd- Steven D-dd- Woodhull . Man becomes truly free when his is able to overcome the fear of judgment and that of falling behind-dd- Because only then is he able to set aside his pride, learn from mistakes, and keep a his smile no matter what-dd- Patricio Telman Chincocolo . Peace is the beauty of life-dd- It is sunshine-dd- It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family-dd- It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth-dd- Menachem Begin . A smile remains the most inexpensive gift I can bestow on anyone and yet its powers can vanquish kingdoms-dd- Og Mandino . Learn to smile at every situation-dd- See it as an opportunity to prove your strength and ability-dd- Joe Brown . A gentle word, a kind look, a good-natured smile can work wonders and accomplish miracles-dd- William Hazlitt . You’re never fully dressed without a smile-dd- Martin Charnin . Smile, happiness looks gorgeous on you-dd- Unknown . You are somebody’s reason to smile-dd- Unknown . Gratitude paints little smiley faces on everything it touches-dd- Richelle E-dd- Goodrich . You can only hold a smile for so long, after that it’s just teeth-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . People who keep stiff upper lips find that it’s damn hard to smile-dd- Judith Guest . If you haven’t seen your wife smile at a traffic cop, you haven’t seen her smile her prettiest-dd- Kin Hubbard . Keep smiling-dd- It makes people wonder what you are up to-dd- Unknown . A smile is an inexpensive way to change your looks-dd- Charles Gordy . The flower in the vase smiles, but no longer laughs-dd- Malcolm De Chazal . A smile is a powerful weapon; you can even break ice with it-dd- Unknown . If you’re reading this… Congratulations, you’re alive-dd- If that’s not something to smile about, then I don’t know what is-dd- Chad Sugg . Your wrinkles either show that you’re nasty, cranky, and senile, or that you’re always smiling-dd- Carlos Santana . The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on-dd- Robert Bloch . People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile-dd- Milton A-dd- Lee . Beauty is power; a smile is its sword-dd- John Ray . Smiling is confusing, she thought-dd- This is why I don’t do it-dd- Rainbow Rowell . Nothing shakes the smiling heart-dd- Santosh Kalwar . Your smile is the ultimate golden dream-dd- All the poems in the world are waking up from-dd- Sanober Khan . You don’t have to be happy to smile-dd- Daniel Willey . You’ll find that life is still worthwhile, if you just smile-dd- Charlie Chaplin . Sweetest smile is made saddest tear-drop-dd- Edwin Arnold . Nostalgia paints a smile on the stony face of the past-dd- Mason Cooley . For Beauty’s tears are lovelier than her smile-dd- Thomas Campbell . God’s first Smile was born the day humanity awoke to His Light-dd- Sri Chinmoy . Those who weep recover more quickly than those who smile-dd- Jean Giraudoux . I do not want a friend who smiles when I smile, who weeps when I weep; for my shadow in the pool can do better than that-dd- Confucius . Silence and smiles are two powerful tools-dd- Unknown . Smiling is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to hide every pain-dd- Unknown . Breathing in, I calm body and mind-dd- Breathing out, I smile-dd- Dwelling in the present moment I know this is the only moment-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . You need to smile to your sorrow because you are more than your sorrow-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . We have a lamp inside us-dd- The oil of that lamp is our breathing, our steps, and our peaceful smile-dd- Our practice is to light up the lamp-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Don’t take the ego too seriously-dd- When you detect egoic behavior in yourself, smile-dd- At times you may even laugh-dd- Eckhart Tolle . When you smile at a stranger, there is already a minute outflow of energy-dd- You become a giver-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Stop-dd- Take 3 deep breaths and smile everywhere in your body, observing what’s happening in your body-dd- Proceed now with kindness and understanding-dd- Deepak Chopra . Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . Never cry because you have mountains of problem in your hands to solve-dd- Always smile because each problems will someday resolve-dd- Santosh Kalwar . Her smile, which was her pretty feature, was never so pretty as when her sprightly phrase had a scratch lurking in it-dd- Henry James . The smile that is worth the praises of earth is the smile that shines through tears-dd- Ella Wheeler Wilcox . Smiling away your troubles requires a clear conscience that harbors no insincerity-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . Smile-dd- it’s the second best thing you can do with your lips-dd- Jill Shalvis . The weaker the country, the stronger the smile-dd- Howard E-dd- Koch . A smile is the chosen vehicle of all ambiguities-dd- Herman Melville . Colors are the smiles of nature-dd- Leigh Hunt . We bleed, we tremble; we forget, we smile – The mind turns fool, before the cheek is dry-dd- Edward Young . The teeth are smiling, but is the heart-qq- African proverb . If you smile when you are alone, then you really mean it-dd- Andy Rooney . Withhold a smile only when the smile can hurt someone-dd- Otherwise, let it bloom forth in a riot-dd- Vera Nazarian . Anyone can smile on their best day-dd- I like to meet a man who can smile on his worst-dd- Lauren Graham . There is thin line between smile and laughter-dd- Santosh Kalwar . Smiling doesn’t necessarily mean you’re happy-dd- Sometimes it just means you’re strong-dd- Unknown . If someone is too tired to give you a smile, leave one of your own, because no one needs a smile as much as those who have none to give-dd- Samson Raphael Hirsch . You will never get everything in life but you will get enough-dd- Sanhita Baruah . When someone is rude, keep a smile on your face-dd- When you stay on the high road & keep your joy, you take away their power-dd- Joel Osteen . If you are too busy to laugh, you are too busy-dd- Unknown . The world is like a mirror; frown at it, and it frowns at you-dd- Smile and it smiles, too-dd- Herbert Samuel . Something of a person’s character may be observed by how they smile-dd- Christian Nestell Bovee . More can be taught with a single smile than with a whole year worth of lessons-dd- Anthony T-dd- Hincks . No matter how fleeting, your smile is, your smile is the very beginning of your wisdom-light-dd- Sri Chinmoy . There is little success where there is little laughter-dd- Andrew Carnegie . You shouldn’t never regret something that made you smile-dd- Bei Maejor . Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow-dd-Simply because life is too short to cry for anything-dd- Santosh Kalwar . If you’ve got nothing to dance about, find a reason to sing-dd- Melody Carstairs . The people who make you smile from just seeing them, those are my favorite people-dd- Koi Fresco . The face of a truly happy man seldom lacks smiles-dd- Ogwo David Emenike . It’s the most simplest of things that will always produce the biggest of smiles-dd- Anthony T-dd- Hincks . A smile is happiness you will find right under your nose-dd- Tom Wilson . You’ve probably noticed how when someone says hello or smiles at you, your automatic reaction is to say hello or smile back-dd- Shawn Achor . Everyone should smile-dd- Life really isn’t that serious-dd- We make it hard-dd- The sun rises-dd- The sun sets-dd- We just tend to complicate the process-dd- Unknown . When you smile and project an aura of warmth, kindness, and friendliness, you will attract warms, kindness, and friendliness-dd- Happy people will be drawn to you-dd- Joel Osteen . To be able to throw one’s self away for the sake of a moment, to be able to sacrifice years for a woman’s smile – that is happiness-dd- Hermann Hesse . What’s the use of worrying-qq- It never was worth while, so pack up your troubles in your old kit-bag, and smile, smile, smile-dd- George Henry Powell . It isn’t what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy-dd- It is what you think about-dd- Dale Carnegie . Always keep your smile-dd- That’s how I explain my long life-dd- Jeanne Calment . When we learn to smile at life, we shall find that the problems we encounter dissolve-dd- Donald Curtis . I want to touch the heart of the world and make it smile-dd- Charles de Lint . Waking up this morning, I smile-dd- Twenty-four brand new hours are before me-dd- I vow to live fully in each moment and to look at all beings with eyes of compassion-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . The most wasted of all days is one without laughter-dd- E-dd- E-dd- cummings . Man, when you lose your laugh you lose your footing-dd- Ken Kesey . Life is like a mirror-dd- Smile at it and it smiles back at you-dd- Peace Pilgrim . Remember that there is no happiness in having or in getting, but only in giving-dd- Og Mandino . Whoever is happy will make others happy too-dd- Unknown . Whatever happens, just keep smiling and lose yourself in love-dd- Rumi . Oh no-dd- Don’t smile-dd- You’ll kill me-dd- I stop breathing when you smile-dd- Tessa Dare . Smiles are the language of love-dd- David Hare . Thank you for being the reason I smile-dd- Unknown . When I saw you I fell in love and you smiled because you knew-dd- William Shakespeare . Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing-dd- Mother Teresa . I wondered if my smile was as big as hers-dd- Maybe as big-dd- But not as beautiful-dd- Benjamin Alire Sáenz . More smiling, less worrying-dd- More compassion, less judgement-dd- More blessed, less stressed-dd- More love, less hate-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Before I met you, I never knew what it was like to be able to look at someone and smile for no reason-dd- Unknown . Every morning when I wake up, I kiss her forehead as symbol of gratitude and appreciation and she repays me back with a lovely smile-dd- M-dd-F-dd- Moonzajer . Smile at each other-dd- Smile at your wife, smile at your husband, smile at your children, smile at each other – it doesn’t matter who it is – and that will help to grow up in greater love for each other-dd- Mother Teresa . There is no weapon in the feminine armory to which men are so vulnerable as they are to a smile-dd- Dorothy Dix . It doesn’t matter who hurt you, or broke you down, what matters is who made you smile again-dd- Unknown . Some people make your laugh a little louder, your smile a little brighter, and your life a little better-dd- Unknown . When I want to smile, I know exactly what to do, I just close my eyes and I think of you-dd- Unknown . But you’re so busy changing the world-dd- Just one smile can change all of mine-dd- Jack Johnson . Make her smile, make her laugh and make her happy; because this is the only Truth-dd- Sameh Elsayed . Because If you ever think of me in the future I want you to remember me smiling-dd- Eiichirō Oda . A quick smile is more seductive than a slinky dress-dd- Mason Cooley . Hide your craziness behind a beautiful smile-dd- That’s all you need-dd- Paulo Coelho . Nothing is more beautiful than a smile that has struggled through tears-dd- Demi Lovato . Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face-dd- Victor Hugo . I think that anybody that smiles automatically looks better-dd- Diane Lane . Youth smiles without any reason-dd- It is one of its chiefest charms-dd- Thomas Gray . Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies-dd- If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that’s beautiful-dd- Rashida Jones . It was sweet and lovely, that smile, perhaps the more so because it wasn’t complicated by much in the way of thought-dd- Stephen King . There’s nothing more satisfying than seeing a happy and smiling child-dd- I always help in any way I can, even if it’s just by signing an autograph-dd- A child’s smile is worth more than all the money in the world-dd- Lionel Messi . A beautiful smile is to the female countenance what the sunbeam is to the landscape; it embellishes an inferior face and redeems an ugly one-dd- Johann Kaspar Lavater . The most beautiful smile is the one for someone who isn’t there, who just popped on your mind-dd- Ahlam Mosteghanemi . I’ve never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful-dd- Unknown . But, my God, it’s so beautiful when the boy smiles-dd- Anna Nalick . I add a smile to everything I wear and that has worked great for me-dd- David White . Have you ever noticed, the saddest person has the most beautiful smile-dd- Kid Cudi . The person who can bring the spirit of laughter into a room is indeed blessed-dd- Bennett Cerf . The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter-dd- Mark Twain . Eccedentesiast: Someone who hides pain behind a smile-dd- . A fake smile can hide a million tears-dd- Ben Barnes . I am intrigued by the smile upon your face, and the sadness within your eyes-dd- Jeremy Aldana . A smile is the best way to get away with trouble even if it’s a fake one-dd- Masashi Kishimoto . I can calculate everything even the velocity of light but can’t calculate the “Hate” of people behind their smile-dd- Albert Einstein . It’s not a fake smile, it’s called having manners and being polite-dd- It’s human instinct-dd- Daniel Craig . You can only put on a fake smile for so long, then the truth begins to be disclosed-dd- John Corner . Fake a frown, you hurt others-dd- Fake a smile, you hurt yourself-dd- Sarah Parker . Behind my smile, there’s a story you would never understand-dd- Unknown . Smiling has always been easier than explaining why you’re sad-dd- Unknown . We can always smile, but that doesn’t mean that our hearts are not shedding tears-dd- Unknown . You can fake a smile but you can’t fake your feelings-dd- Aaron Abelson . I would rather wear honest tears than the most beautiful and elaborately faked smile-dd- Tyler Knott Gregson . Gimme an honest frown over a false smile, any day-dd- Gregory David Roberts . Be the reason someone smiles today-dd- Unknown . Share your smile with the world-dd- It’s a symbol of friendship and peace-dd- Christie Brinkley . I have witnessed the softening of the hardest of hearts by a simple smile-dd- Goldie Hawn . Today, give a stranger one of your smiles-dd- It might be the only sunshine he sees all day-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr . As long as you live keep smiling because it brightens everybody’s day-dd- Vin Scully . Smile, for everyone lacks self-confidence and more than any other one thing a smile reassures them-dd- Andre Maurois . A simple smile, a cheerful hello or a word of encouragement-dd- It’s amazing what an impact you will have-dd- Zig Ziglar . A smile is often the key thing-dd- One is paid with a smile-dd- One is rewarded with a smile-dd- One is brightened by a smile-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Focus on giving smiles away and you will always discover that your own smiles will always be in great supply-xx- Joyce Meyer . By sharing a kind smile, a kind word, a kind hug, you are lifting up others and thus lifting up the world-dd- Carol CC Miller . Always wear a smile, because your smile is a reason for many others to smile-xx- A-dd-A-dd- Milne (Winnie The Pooh) . A smile puts you on the right track-dd- A smile makes the world a beautiful place-dd- When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference-dd- You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . One word can give someone the strength they needed at that moment or it can shred them down to nothing-dd- A single smile can turn a bad moment good-dd- Sherrilyn Kenyon . If in our daily life we can smile, if we can be peaceful and happy, not only we, but everyone will profit from it-dd- This is the most basic kind of peace work-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . It’s hard not to feel happy when you make someone smile-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Be the reason someone smiles-dd- Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . For a moment at least, be a smile on someone else’s face-dd- Dejan Stojanovic . Smile, it is the key that fits the lock of everybody’s heart-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . A beautiful smile without any reason is the smile of the existence-xx- Mehmet Murat Ildan . Be someone else’s sunshine-dd- be the reason someone smiles today-dd- Unknown . Your smile may be the sunshine of someone’s day-dd- Unknown . Anyone who has a continuous smile on his face conceals a toughness that is almost frightening-dd- Greta Garbo . It only takes a split second to smile and forget, yet to someone that needed it, it can last a lifetime-dd- Steve Maraboli . Let us make one point, that we meet each other with a smile, when it is difficult to smile-dd- Smile at each other, make time for each other in your family-dd- Mother Teresa . The muscles used to make a smile actually send a biochemical message to our nervous system that it is safe to relax the flight of freeze response-dd- Tara Brach (Smile Guided Meditation) . Serenity is contagious-dd- If we smile at someone, he or she will smile back-dd- And a smile costs nothing-dd- We should plague everyone with joy-dd- If we are to die in a minute, why not die happily, laughing-qq- Swami Satchidananda . An intelligent person, looking out of his eyes and hearkening in his ears, with a smile on his face all the time, will get more true education than many another in a life of heroic vigils-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . Sometimes you have to smile by faith-dd- If you’ll smile by faith, soon the joy will follow-dd- Joel Osteen . Nobody needs a smile so much as the one who has none to give-dd- So get used to smiling heart-warming smiles, and you will spread sunshine in a sometimes dreary world-dd- Lawrence G-dd- Lovasik . Few things in the world are more powerful than a positive push-dd- A smile-dd- A world of optimism and hope-dd- A “you can do it” when things are tough-dd- Richard DeVos . It’s nice to have someone in your life who can make you smile even when they’re not around-dd- Unknown . Of all the things you wear, your expression is the most important-dd- Janet Lane . Do not listen to those who weep and complain, for their disease is contagious-dd- Og Mandino . How slight a nod it would take, how bare a smile, to give everyone you meet today a sense of worth-dd- Robert Brault . A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside-dd- Denis Waitley . Life is short-dd- Break the rules-dd- Forgive quickly-dd- Kiss slowly-dd- Love truly-dd- Laugh uncontrollably and never regret anything that makes you smile-dd- Mark Twain . With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . You have power over your mind – not outside events-dd- Realize this, and you will find strength-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Mastering others is strength, mastering yourself is true power-dd- Lao Tzu . Fall seven times, stand up eight-dd- Japanese proverb . It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves-dd- Edmund Hillary . No one saves us but ourselves-dd- No one can and no one may-dd- We ourselves must walk the path-dd- Buddha . You never know how strong you are, until being strong is your only choice-dd- Bob Marley . Shallow men believe in luck-dd- Strong men believe in cause and effect-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go-dd- Hermann Hesse . Be patient and tough; someday this pain will be useful to you-dd- Ovid . Strength is a matter of a made up mind-dd- John Beecher . The more you care, the stronger you can be-dd- Jim Rohn . Life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity and stumble from defeat to defeat-dd- Anais Nin . There are two ways of exerting one’s strength: one is pushing down, the other is pulling up-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue-dd- Realize the strength, move on-dd- Henry Rollins . The past is your lesson-dd- The present is your gift-dd- The future is your motivation-dd- Unknown . Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity-dd- Louis Pasteur . We do not have to become heroes overnight-dd- Just a step at a time, meeting each thing that comes up, seeing it is not as dreadful as it appeared, discovering we have the strength to stare it down-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Do not pray for an easy life-dd- Pray for the strength to endure a difficult one-dd- Bruce Lee . Silence is a source of great strength-dd- Lao Tzu . A hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles-dd- Christopher Reeve . For what it’s worth: it’s never too late to be whoever you want to be-dd- I hope you live a life you’re proud of, and if you find you’re not, I hope you have the strength to start over again-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . You will never do anything in the world without courage-dd- It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor-dd- Aristotle . Courage isn’t having the strength to go on, it is going on when you don’t have the strength-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . He who believes is strong; he who doubts is weak-dd- Strong convictions precede great actions-dd- Louisa May Alcott . There are dark shadows on the earth, but its lights are stronger in the contrast-dd- Charles Dickens . If you haven’t the strength to impose your own terms upon life, then you must accept the terms it offers you-dd- T-dd-S-dd- Eliot . One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well-dd- Vincent van Gogh . When we long for life without difficulties, remind us that oaks grow strong in contrary winds and diamonds are made under pressure-dd- Peter Marshall . Yielding will overcome anything superior to itself; its strength is boundless-dd- Bruce Lee . The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection-dd- Thomas Paine . This is the mark of a really admirable man: steadfastness in the face of trouble-dd- Ludwig van Beethoven (This is one of my favorite strength quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence-dd- Dalai Lama . Where there is no struggle, there is no strength-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Strength does not come from physical capacity-dd- It comes from an indomitable will-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Kites rise highest against the wind – not with it-dd- Winston Churchill . Continuous effort – not strength or intelligence – is the key to unlocking our potential-dd- Winston Churchill . This is no time for ease and comfort-dd- It is time to dare and endure-dd- Winston Churchill . Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Only strength can cooperate-dd- Weakness can only beg-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face-dd- You are able to say to yourself, ‘I lived through this horror-dd- I can take the next thing that comes along-dd-’ Eleanor Roosevelt . If you can’t fly then run, if you can’t run then walk, if you can’t walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Strength does not come from winning-dd- Your struggles develop your strengths-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . As long as we persevere and endure, we can get anything we want-dd- Mike Tyson . I hated every minute of training, but I said, ‘Don’t quit-dd- Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion-dd- Muhammad Ali . Failure gave me strength-dd- Pain was my motivation-dd- Michael Jordan . I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . In the middle of a difficulty lies opportunity-dd- Albert Einstein . We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling (Harry Potter) . When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this: you haven’t-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character-dd- Arnold Palmer . The terrorists thought they would change my aims and stop my ambitions, but nothing changed in my life except this: weakness, fear and hopelessness died-dd- Strength, power and courage were born-dd- Malala Yousafzai . I would encourage us all, African Americans, Asians, Latinos, Whites, Native Americans to study history-dd- I long for the time when all the human history is taught as one history-dd- I am stronger because you are stronger-dd- I am weaker if you are weak-dd- So we are more alike than we are unlike-dd- Maya Angelou . No man has the right to be an amateur in the matter of physical training-dd- It is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable-dd- Socrates . Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Don’t give up the fight-dd- Stand up for your rights-dd- Bob Marley . That which does not kill us makes us stronger-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Tough times never last, but tough people do-dd- Robert H-dd- Schuller . Do what is right, not what is easy-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . I like criticism-dd- It makes you strong-dd- LeBron James . Better to fight and fall than to live without hope-dd- Volsunga (Viking quotes) . People do not lack strength, they lack will-dd- Victor Hugo . Strength doesn’t come from winning-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . If you have no struggles, you’ll have no strength-dd- Tim Fargo . Never give up-dd- Great things take time-dd- Frank Zane . Growth is overrated-dd- Endurance is underrated-dd- Shane Parrish . I realized that my strength was being different-dd- Betsey Johnson . Problems are messages-dd- Shakti Gawain . Storms make trees take deeper roots-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . You are never given anything in this world that you can’t handle-dd- Unknown . Falling down is an accident-dd- Staying down is a choice-dd- Unknown . What you allow is what will continue-dd- Unknown . The only thing that can stop me, is me-dd- Unknown . Remember, when you forgive, you heal-dd- And when you let go, you grow-dd- Unknown . It will never be perfect-dd- Make it work-dd- Life . Adversity is the first path to truth-dd- Lord Byron . Stay strong-dd- Stand up-dd- Have a voice-dd- Shawn Johnson . You are the only you there is and ever will be-dd- Jen Sincero (You Are A Badass) . Heroism is endurance for one moment more-dd- George F-dd- Kennan . Problems are the price you pay for progress-dd- Branch Rickey . Freedom comes from strength and self-reliance-dd- Lisa Murkowski . If one suffers we all suffer-dd- Togetherness is strength-dd- Courage-dd- Jean-Bertrand Aristide . Strength of mind is exercise, not rest-dd- Alexander Pope . When the going gets tough, the tough get going-dd- Joseph Kennedy . This too shall pass away-dd- Ella Wheeler Wilcox . A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do-dd- Walter Bagehot . I’ve never met a strong person with an easy past-dd- Atticus . It’s not always necessary to be strong, but to feel strong-dd- Jon Krakauer (Into The Wild) . Being mentally strong doesn’t mean you won’t feel afraid-dd- Instead, mental strength is about feeling afraid and doing it anyway-dd- Amy Morin . Be strong-dd- Live honorably and with dignity-dd- When you don’t think you can, hold on-dd- James Frey . Make up your mind that no matter what comes your way, no matter how difficult, no matter how unfair, you will do more than simply survive-dd- You will thrive in spite of it-dd- Joel Osteen . Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them-dd- You will find that they haven’t half the strength you think they have-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Leverage the strength that you have: that no one else can be you-dd- Todd Wheatland . Life is very interesting-dd- In the end, some of your greatest pains become your greatest strengths-dd- Drew Barrymore . In times of crisis, people reach for meaning-dd- Meaning is strength-dd- Our survival may depend on our seeking and finding it-dd- Dawna Markova . May you grow up to be righteous, may you grow up to be true-dd- May you always know the truth and see the lights surrounding you-dd- May you always be courageous, stand upright and be strong-dd- May you stay forever young-dd- Bob Dylan . We are stronger, gentler, more resilient, and more beautiful than any of us imagine-dd- Mark Nepo . You have been chosen, and you must therefore use such strength and heart and wits as you have-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . The strongest people are not those who show strength in front of us, but those who win battles we know nothing about-dd- Unknown . Be gentle with yourself-dd- You’re doing the best you can-dd- Unknown . Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise-dd- Unknown . The task ahead of you is never greater than the strength within you-dd- Unknown . Smiles can hide so much; fear, pain, sadness, tears-dd- But than again they reflect one thing: strength-dd- Unknown . Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage-dd- The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict-dd- William Ellery Channing . Make mistakes of ambition and not mistakes of sloth-dd- Develop the strength to do bold things, not the strength to suffer-dd- Niccolò Machiavelli . In the mountains of truth you will never climb in vain; either you will get up higher today or you will exercise your strength so as to be able to get up higher tomorrow-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Be soft-dd- Do not let the world make you hard-dd- Do not let the pain make you hate-dd- Do not let the bitterness steal your sweetness-dd- Take pride that even though the rest of the world may disagree, you still believe it to be a beautiful place-dd- Iain Thomas . Life is a storm that will test you unceasingly-dd- Don’t wait for calm waters that may not arrive-dd- Derive purpose from resilience-dd- Learn to sail the raging sea-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Every great dream begins with a dreamer-dd- Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world-dd- Harriet Tubman . We don’t even know how strong we are until we are forced to bring that hidden strength forward-dd- Isabel Allende . When adversity strikes, that’s when you have to be the most calm-dd- Take a step back, stay strong, stay grounded and press on-dd- LL Cool J . The man who has done his best has done everything-dd- Charles M-dd- Schwab . Perhaps I am stronger than I think-dd- Thomas Merton . When your dreams turn to dust, vacuum-dd- Unknown . Bad is never good until worse happens-dd- Danish proverb . There’s nothing that cleanses your soul like getting the hell kicked out of you-dd- Woody Hayes . All the adversity I’ve had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me… You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you-dd- Walt Disney . I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind-dd- Some come from ahead and some come from behind-dd- But I’ve bought a big bat-dd- I’m all ready you see-dd- Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me-xx- Dr-dd- Seuss . Atheism shows strength of mind, but only to a certain degree-dd- Blaise Pascal . Remember that guy that gave up-qq- Neither does anyone else-dd- Unknown . The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies-dd- Mother Teresa . The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother-dd- Charles Dickens . Too often the strong, silent man is silent only because he does not know what to say, and is reputed strong only because he has remained silent-dd- Winston Churchill . Strength lies in differences, not in similarities-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Strength doesn’t come from what you can do-dd- It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn’t-dd- Rikki Rogers . I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me-dd- Joshua Graham . Nothing is so strong as gentleness, nothing so gentle as real strength-dd- Francis De Sales . We draw our strength from the very despair in which we have been forced to live-dd- Cesar Chavez . It is not good to see people who have been pretending strength all their lives lose it even for a minute-dd- Lillian Hellman . War is peace-dd- Freedom is slavery-dd- Ignorance is strength-dd- George Orwell . Throw me to the wolves and I will return leading the pack-dd- Seneca . It is the weak man who urges compromise – never the strong man-dd- Elbert Hubbard . In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer-dd- Albert Camus . The strength in power is knowing when not to use it-dd- Unknown . Strength is nothing more than how well you hide the pain-dd- Unknown . Where is the man who has the strength to be true, and to show himself as he is-qq- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home-dd- Confucius . Patience and time do more than strength or passion-dd- Jean de La Fontaine . Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty-dd- John Ruskin . He who has a why to live can bear almost any how-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Fortitude is the guard and support of the other virtues-dd- John Locke . Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, for wise men say it is the wisest course-dd- William Shakespeare . To have become a deeper man is the privilege of those who have suffered-dd- Oscar Wilde . Success is achieved by developing our strengths, not by eliminating our weaknesses-dd- Marilyn vos Savant . You can’t really be strong until you see a funny side to things-dd- Ken Kesey . Every strength is also a weakness-dd- The opposite is true as well-dd- Neil Strauss . Humility teaches courage-dd- Weakness teaches strength-dd- And grief teaches love-dd- So you must treasure them, not hate yourself for them-dd- Umair Haque . Those who contemplate the beauty of the earth find reserves of strength that will endure as long as life lasts-dd- Rachel Carson . The struggle you’re in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow-dd- Robert Tew . If you would know strength and patience, welcome the company of trees-dd- Hal Borland . We gain the strength of the temptation we resist-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Strength does not have to be belligerent and loud-dd- Russell Brand . Humility to learn-dd- Strength to endure-dd- Vision to transform-dd- Will to act-dd- Virtue to act rightly-dd- Wisdom to accept the inevitable-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Accepting the inevitable is the beginning of strength and freedom-dd- Embrace all chaos that is out of your control-dd- This is how it is-dd- Why should it be otherwise-qq- The Stoic Emperor . Nothing in the world is more yielding and softer than water; yet it penetrates the hardest-dd- Insubstantial, it enters where no room is-dd- It is so fine that it is impossible to grasp a handful of it; strike it, yet it does not suffer hurt; stab it, and it is not wounded-dd- Bruce Lee . The strongest is he that makes use of his opponent’s strength — be the bamboo tree which bends toward the wind; and when the wind ceases, it springs back stronger than before-dd- Bruce Lee . Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul-dd- John Muir . The five separate fingers are five independent units-dd- Close them and the fist multiplies strength-dd- This is organization-dd- James Cash Penney . The undertaking of a new action brings new strength-dd- Richard L-dd- Evans . A single twig breaks, but the bundle of twigs is strong-dd- Tecumseh . I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders-dd- Jewish proverb . One may go a long way after one is tired-dd- French proverb . God gave burdens, also shoulders-dd- Yiddish proverb . The bamboo that bends is stronger than the oak that resists-dd- Japanese proverb . Life doesn’t get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient-dd- Steve Maraboli . Nothing has more strength than dire necessity-dd- Euripides . Scared is what you’re feeling-dd- Brave is what you’re doing-dd- Emma Donoghue . Work is not man’s punishment-dd- It is his reward and his strength and his pleasure-dd- George Sand . Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow; it empties today of its strength-dd- Corrie Ten Boom . I don’t really want to become normal, average, standard-dd- I want merely to gain in strength, in the courage to live out my life more fully, enjoy more, experience more-dd- I want to develop even more original and more unconventional traits-dd- Anaïs Nin . When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid-dd- Audre Lorde . The solution to most of our deepest troubles is simple, human courage-dd- The courage to look inward-dd- The courage to take those first bold steps-dd- The courage to find the thing you fear most and charge heroically toward it-dd- Beau Taplin . Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear-dd- James Neil Hollingworth (Ambrose Redmoon) . Joy is prayer; joy is strength: joy is love; joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls-dd- Mother Teresa . The world is the great gymnasium where we come to make ourselves strong-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Our ability to handle life’s challenges is a measure of our strength of character-dd- Les Brown . There is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the will of others-dd- My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me-dd- Jane Austen . Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . “I’m gonna make you happy, but first, I’ll make you strong-dd-” said Life-dd- . Surprise yourself every day with your own courage-dd- Denholm Elliott . We don’t grow when things are easy-dd- We grow when we face challenges-dd- Unknown . Your body can stand almost anything-dd- It’s your mind that you have to convince-dd- Unknown . Promise me you’ll always remember: You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think-dd- Winnie the Pooh (A-dd- A-dd- Milne) . Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can’t practice any other virtue consistently-dd- Maya Angelou . He is greatest whose strength carries up the most hearts by the attraction of his own-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . He knows not his own strength who hath not met adversity-dd- William Samuel Johnson . Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway-dd- John Wayne . Let perseverance be your engine and hope your fuel-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr . Great works are performed, not by strength, but perseverance-dd- Samuel Johnson . Become a possibilitarian-dd- No matter how dark things seem to be or actually are, raise your sights and see the possibilities… always see them… for they’re always there-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle-dd- Napoleon Hill . A darkening hour is as much an opportunity for heroism as despair-dd- The Stoic Emperor . If you learn to really sit with loneliness and embrace it for the gift that it is… an opportunity to get to know you, to learn how strong you really are, to depend on no one but you for your happiness… you will realize that a little loneliness goes a long way in creating a richer, deeper, more vibrant and colorful you-dd- Mandy Hale . Continue to be true to yourself and the hard times will work themselves out-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd-In the end, life is about passion, and that is exactly what will help you get through the tough times-dd- Never forget that even in your darkest moments-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . Loneliness adds beauty to life-dd- It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better-dd- Henry Rollins . Remember never to say that you are alone, for you are not alone; nay, God is within, and your genius is within-dd- Epictetus . Sometimes is takes an overwhelming breakdown to have an undeniable breakthrough-dd- Unknown . The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal-dd- Criss Jami . Through every dark night, there’s a bright day after that-dd- So no matter how hard it get, stick your chest out, keep your head up, and handle it-dd- Tupac Shakur . Endurance is not just the ability to bear a hard thing, but to turn it into glory-dd- William Barclay . Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak-dd- Thomas Carlyle . I do believe in the old saying, ‘What does not kill you makes you stronger-dd-’ Our experiences, good and bad, make us who we are-dd- By overcoming difficulties, we gain strength and maturity-dd- Angelina Jolie . In solitude the mind gains strength and learns to lean upon itself-dd- Laurence Sterne . Anyone can give up; it’s the easiest thing in the world to do-dd- But to hold it together when everyone would expect you to fall apart, that’s true strength-dd- Chris Bradford . Every calamity is to be overcome by endurance-dd- Virgil . For a tree to become tall it must grow tough roots among the rocks-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . A diamond is a chunk of coal that did well under pressure-dd- Henry Kissinger . New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings-dd- Lao Tzu . The sun shines not on us but in us-dd- John Muir . What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality-dd- Otto Rank . The soul that is within me no man can degrade-dd- Frederick Douglass . Strength of mind rests in sobriety; for this keeps your reason unclouded by passion-dd- Pythagoras . One should be in harmony with, and not rebellion against, the strength of the opponent-dd- Bruce Lee . If we’re facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking-dd- Joseph Goldstein . As we advance in life it becomes more and more difficult, but in fighting the difficulties the inmost strength of the heart is developed-dd- Vincent van Gogh . Go within every day and find the inner strength so that the world will not blow your candle out-dd- Katherine Dunham . The turning point in the process of growing up is when you discover the core of strength within you that survives all hurt-dd- Max Lerner . No matter what kind of challenges or difficulties or painful situations you go through in your life, we all have something deep within us that we can reach down and find the inner strength to get through them-dd- Alana Stewart . When we meet real tragedy in life, we can react in two ways – either by losing hope and falling into self-destructive habits, or by using the challenge to find our inner strength-dd- Dalai Lama . It doesn’t take a lot of strength to hang on-dd- It takes a lot of strength to let go-dd- J-dd- C-dd- Watts . Be strong enough to let go and wise enough to wait for what you deserve-dd- Unknown . train your mind to keep calm in every situation-dd- Unknown . Few men during their lifetime come anywhere near exhausting the resources dwelling within them-dd- There are deep wells of strength that are never used-dd- Richard E-dd- Byrd . You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one-dd- J-dd-A-dd- Froude . Sometimes letting things go is an act of far greater power than defending or hanging on-dd- Eckhart Tolle . I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within-dd- It is there all the time-dd- Anna Freud . Give us grace and strength to forbear and to persevere-dd- Give us courage and gaiety and the quiet mind, spare to us our friends, soften to us our enemies-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . We will not find the inner strength to evolve to a higher level if we do not inwardly develop this profound feeling that there is something higher than ourselves-dd- Rudolf Steiner . A mind at peace, a mind centered and not focused on harming others, is stronger than any physical force in the universe-dd- Wayne Dyer . There is little that can withstand a man who can conquer himself-dd- Louis XIV . You have to rely on whatever sparks you have inside-dd- Lisa Kleypas . Deep roots are not reached by the frost-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . She was stronger alone-dd- Jane Austen . Tolerance is a virtue that depends upon peace and strength-dd- Charles Lindbergh . If your heart acquires strength, you will be able to remove blemishes from others without thinking evil of them-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Love is not just admiration for strength, it is also tolerance for weakness and recognition of ambivalence-dd- Alain de Botton . Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness-dd- They are a sign of a pure heart-dd- José N-dd- Harris . To be capable of steady friendship or lasting love, are the two greatest proofs, not only of goodness of heart, but of strength of mind-dd- William Hazlitt . Sometimes you just have to die a little inside in order to be reborn and rise again as a stronger and wiser version of you-dd- Unknown . The true mark of maturity is when somebody hurts you and you try to understand their situation instead of trying to hurt them back-dd- Unknown . Being single doesn’t mean you’re weak, it means that you’re strong enough to wait for the right person-dd- Niall Horan . Grudges are for those who insist that they are owed something; forgiveness, however, is for those who are substantial enough to move on-dd- Criss Jami . Nothing is more beautiful than the smile that has struggled through the tears-dd- Demi Lovato . If I am to be fallen into love, I will-dd- And if as a result I will appear to be stupid, disillusioned, and of poor judgment, I will-dd- And I would be damned if I cared what other people think-dd- For I would rather be thought of as all of these things, than not love-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her-dd- Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . You have to love-dd- You have to feel-dd- It is the reason you are here on earth-dd- You are here to risk your heart-dd- Louise Erdrich . It gives me strength to have somebody to fight for; I can never fight for myself, but, for others, I can kill-dd- Emilie Autumn . It’s not that you should never love something so much that it can control you-dd- It’s that you need to love something that much so you can never be controlled-dd- It’s not a weakness-dd- It’s your best strength-dd- Patrick Ness . If you have been brutally broken but still have the courage to be gentle to other living beings, than you’re a badass with a heart of an angel-dd- Keanu Reeves . And now I’ll do what’s best for me-dd- Unknown . Prayer is man’s greatest power-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . Without self-confidence we are as babes in the cradle-dd- Virginia Woolf . The fewer the words, the better the prayer-dd- Martin Luther . Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage-dd- Lao Tzu . Let me not beg for the stilling of my pain but for the heart to conquer it-dd- Let me not look for allies in life’s battlefield but to my own strength-dd- Let me not crave in anxious fear to be saved but hope for the patience to win my freedom-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . A single grateful thought toward heaven is the most perfect prayer-dd- Gotthold Ephraim Lessing . Prayer is the greater work-dd- Oswald Chambers . Everything comes to you in the right moment-dd- Be patient-dd- Be grateful-dd- Unknown . When you have lost hope, you have lost everything-dd- And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope-dd- Pittacus Lore . Remember, the storm is a good opportunity for the pine and the cypress to show their strength and their stability-dd- Ho Chi Minh . Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light-dd- Helen Keller . Physical strength can never permanently withstand the impact of spiritual force-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Any concern too small to be turned into a prayer is too small to be made into a burden-dd- Corrie Ten Boom . Faith gives you an inner strength and a sense of balance and perspective in life-dd- Gregory Peck . Is prayer your steering wheel or your spare tire-qq- Corrie ten Boom . Time spent in prayer is never wasted-dd- Francis Fenelon . God give me strength to face a fact though it slay me-dd- Thomas Huxley . God has always given me the strength to say what is right-dd- Rosa Parks . God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, courage to change the things I can, and wisdom to know the difference-dd- Reinhold Niebuhr (Serenity Prayer, https://en-dd-wikipedia-dd-org/wiki/Serenity_Prayer) . God, our Creator, has stored within our minds and personalities, great potential strength and ability-dd- Prayer helps us tap and develop these powers-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . A key to strengthening spiritual muscles and enduring hardship is finding strength in the Word of God-dd- Walter Martin . In all my perplexities and distresses, the Bible has never failed to give me light and strength-dd- Robert E-dd- Lee . The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . A tree says: My strength is trust-dd- I know nothing about my fathers, I know nothing about the thousand children that every year spring out of me-dd- I live out the secret of my seed to the very end, and I care for nothing else-dd- I trust that God is in me-dd- Herman Hesse . God, grant me strength to accept those things I cannot change-dd- Dan Brown . God does nothing except in response to believing prayer-dd- John Wesley . Some of God’s greatest gifts are unanswered prayers-dd- Garth Brooks . Infinite strength is religion and God-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Prayer is the nearest approach to God-dd- William Law . Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you-dd- 1 Peter 5:7 . My presence will go with you, and I will give you rest-dd- Exodus 33:14 . Do not grieve, for the joy of the Lord is your strength-dd- Nehemiah 8:10 . The name of the Lord is a strong tower; the righteous run into it and are safe-dd- Proverbs 18:10 . So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God-dd- I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand-dd- Isaiah 41:10 . In repentance and rest is your salvation, in quietness and trust is your strength-dd- Isaiah 30:15 . He gives power to the weak and strength to the powerless-dd- Isaiah 40:29 . When I called, you answered me; you made me bold and stouthearted-dd- Psalm 138:3 . When the righteous cry for help, the Lord hears, and rescues them from all their troubles-dd- Psalm 34:17 . The Lord is a refuge for the oppressed, a stronghold in times of trouble-dd- Psalm 9:9-10 . God is our refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble-dd- Psalm 46:1 . I can do all this through him who gives me strength-dd- Philippians 4:13 . Whoever brought me here, will have to take me home-dd- Rumi . I worshipped dead men for their strength, forgetting I was strong-dd- Vita Sackville-West . The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched, but are felt in the heart-dd- Helen Keller . For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one-dd- Kahlil Gibran . We meet but briefly in life, if we touch each other with stardust – that is everything-dd- Unknown . A death is not the extinguishing of a light, but the putting out of the lamp because the dawn has come-dd- Unknown . We all die-dd- The goal isn’t to live forever, the goal is to create something that will-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Life is a dream walking, death is a going home-dd- Chinese proverb . Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow, but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Unable are the loved to die-dd- For love is immortality-dd- Emily Dickinson . The world is full of suffering-dd- It is also full of overcoming-dd- Helen Keller . What we have once enjoyed, we can never lose-dd- All that we love deeply becomes part of us-dd- Helen Keller . If life must not be taken too seriously, then so neither must death-dd- Samuel Butler . The wound is the place where the light enters you-dd- Rumi . When life kicks you, let it kick you forward-dd- Kay Yow . Healing yourself is connected with healing others-dd- Yoko Ono . When the unthinkable happens, the lighthouse is hope-dd- Once we choose hope, everything is possible-dd- Christopher Reeve . Your past has given you the strength and wisdom you have today, so celebrate it-dd- Don’t let it haunt you-dd- . I believe it to be a primary principle of success; ‘mens sana in corpora sano’ — a sound mind in a sound body-dd- The mind in a weak body produces weak ideas; a strong body gives strength to the thought of the mind-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . You are strong when you know your weaknesses-dd- You are beautiful when you appreciate your flaws-dd- You are wise when you learn from your mistakes-dd- Unknown . You wake up every morning to fight the same demons that left you so tired the night before, and that, my love, is bravery-dd- Unknown . Healing takes courage, and we all have courage, even if we have to dig a little to find it-dd- Tori Amos . You can’t calm the storm, so stop trying-dd- What you can do is calm yourself-dd- The storm will pass-dd- Timber Hawkeye . Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come-dd- You wait and watch and work; you don’t give up-dd- Anne Lamott . Healing requires from us to stop struggling, but to enjoy life more and endure it less-dd- Darina Stoyanova . Good humor is a tonic for mind and body-dd- It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression-dd- It is a business asset-dd- It attracts and keep friends-dd- It lightens human burdens-dd- It is the direct route to serenity and contentment-dd- Greenville Kleisser . Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear-dd- If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . There is an alchemy in sorrow-dd- It can be transmuted into wisdom, which, if it does not bring joy, can yet bring happiness-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Start by doing what’s necessary; then do what’s possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible-dd- Francis of Assisi . All healing is first a healing of the heart-dd- Carl Townsend . Each patient carries his own doctor inside him-dd- Norman Cousins . Some days there won’t be a song in your heart-dd- Sing anyway-dd- Emory Austin . Weak people revenge-dd- Strong people forgive-dd- Intelligent people ignore-dd- Albert Einstein . Out of your vulnerabilities will come your strength-dd- Sigmund Freud . Rudeness is a weak imitation of strength-dd- Eric Hoffer . Only the weak are cruel-dd- Gentleness can only be expected from the strong-dd- Leo Buscaglia . Understand: if you are weak and ask for little, little is what you will get-dd- Robert Greene . Strength is not when the body is strong and the mind weak, but rather when the body is weak and the mind strong-dd- Unknown . Once you’ve accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you-dd- Tyrion Lannister (Games Of Thrones) . Don’t confuse civility with weakness-dd- It takes a great deal of determination, strength and wisdom to treat another with courtesy and respect while they treat you with arrogance, disrespect and scorn-dd- Bill Lewis . Sometimes you don’t realize your own strength until you come face to face with your greatest weakness-dd- Susan Gale . Some people believe holding on and hanging in there are signs of great strength-dd- However, there are times when it takes much more strength to know when to let go and then do it-dd- Ann Landers . Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses-dd- Focus on your character, not your reputation-dd- Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Know that every time you feel weak, you not only hurt yourself but also the cause-dd- Infinite faith and strength are the only conditions of success-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Tears shed for self are tears of weakness, but tears shed for others are a sign of strength-dd- Billy Graham . Patience is the support of weakness; impatience the ruin of strength-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . My strength is my compassion-dd- Patrik Baboumian . The weaker you are the louder you bark-dd- Tenten . Only the gentle are ever really strong-dd- James Dean . You can do anything you set your mind to-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Discipline is remembering what you want-dd- David Campbell . The most courageous act is still to think for yourself-dd- Aloud-dd- Coco Chanel . Mental toughness is essential to success-dd- Vince Lombardi . The man on top of the mountain didn’t fall there-dd- Vince Lombardi . Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet-dd- Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved-dd- Helen Keller . Unity is strength… when there is teamwork and collaboration, wonderful things can be achieved-dd- Mattie Stepanek . The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire; the size of your dream; and how you handle disappointment along the way-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . Fortitude is the marshal of thought, the armor of the will, and the fort of reason-dd- Francis Bacon . My strength is as the strength of ten, because my heart is pure-dd- Alfred Lord Tennyson . Strength isn’t about bearing a cross of grief or shame-dd- Strength comes from choosing your own path, and living with the consequences-dd- Jenny Trout . The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it-dd- Moliere . Confront the dark parts of yourself, and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness-dd- Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing-dd- August Wilson . The difference between the difficult and the impossible is that the impossible takes a little longer time-dd- Lady Aberdeen . Go so far away that you stop being afraid of not coming back-dd- Eve Ensler . Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others-dd- Plato . The strength of a man’s virtue should not be measured by his special exertions, but by his habitual acts-dd- Blaise Pascal . Be very strong… be very methodical in your life if you want to be a champion-dd- Alberto Juantorena . A truly strong person does not need the approval of others any more than a lion needs the approval of sheep-dd- Vernon Howard . My strength did not come from lifting weights-dd- My strength came from lifting myself up when I was knocked down-dd- Bob Moore . Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all-dd- Dale Carnegie . If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn’t lead anywhere-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly; it is dearness only that gives everything its value-dd- Thomas Paine . Hardship prepares ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Sure I am of this, that you have only to endure to conquer-dd- Winston Churchill . A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Better to be strong than pretty and useless-dd- Lilith Saintcrow . A strong woman is a woman determined to do something others are determined not be done-dd- Marge Piercy . Being glamorous is about strength and confidence-dd- It’s black and white – dramatic-dd- You have to be strong-dd- Catherine Zeta-Jones . Be that fearless girl, the one who would dare to do anything, be that independent girl who didn’t need a man; be that girl who never backed down-dd- Taylor Swift . I think scars are like battle wounds – beautiful, in a way-dd- They show what you’ve been through and how strong you are for coming out of it-dd- Demi Lovato . I hate to hear you talk about all women as if they were fine ladies instead of rational creatures-dd- None of us want to be in calm waters all our lives-dd- Jane Austen . I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong-dd- I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls-dd- I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Life is very interesting… in the end, some of your greatest pains, become your greatest strengths-dd- Drew Barrymore . What is important is to believe in something so strongly that you’re never discouraged-dd- Salma Hayek . Anyone can hide-dd- Facing up to things, working through them, that’s what makes you strong-dd- Sarah Dessen . Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body-dd- Seneca . Be brave-dd- Take risks-dd- Nothing can substitute experience-dd- Paulo Coelho . Never say never, because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion-dd- Michael Jordan . Strength is the product of struggle, you must do what others don’t to achieve what others won’t-dd- Henry Rollins . When a man loves a woman she becomes his weakness-dd- When a woman loves a man he becomes her strength-dd- The is called an exchange of power-dd- Unknown . Don’t wait for extraordinary opportunities-dd- Seize common occasions and make them great-dd- Weak men wait for opportunities; strong men make them-dd- Orison Swett Marden . Don’t be afraid of your fears-dd- They’re not there to scare you-dd- They’re there to let you know that something is worth it-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Extraordinary people survive under the most terrible circumstances and they become more extraordinary because of it-dd- Robertson Davies . Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Freedom lies in being bold-dd- Robert Frost . It’s not the strength of the body that counts, but the strength of the spirit-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R Tolkien . Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it-dd- Haruki Murakami . We all die-dd- The goal isn’t to live forever, the goal is to create something that will-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet-dd- Emily Dickinson . It is not length of life, but depth of life-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . People living deeply have no fear of death-dd- Anais Nin . Live your life, do your work, then take your hat-dd- Henry David Thoreau . For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one-dd- Kahlil Gibran . A man with outward courage dares to die; a man with inner courage dares to live-dd- Lao Tzu . No one is actually dead until the ripples they cause in the world die away-dd- Terry Pratchett . He who is not busy being born is busy dying-dd- Bob Dylan . Our dead are never dead to us, until we have forgotten them-dd- George Eliot . I feel monotony and death to be almost the same-dd- Charlotte Brontë . Death is a challenge-dd- It tells us not to waste time… It tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other-dd- Leo Buscaglia . What we have once enjoyed deeply we can never lose-dd- All that we love deeply becomes a part of us-dd- Helen Keller . I don’t want to die without any scars-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Tell your friend that in his death, a part of you dies and goes with him-dd- Wherever he goes, you also go-dd- He will not be alone-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Whatever you want to do, do it now-dd- There are only so many tomorrows-dd- Michael Landon . You’ll drift apart, it’s true, but you’ll be out in the open, part of everything alive again-dd- Philip Pullman . As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die-dd- Unknown . Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets-dd- Arthur Miller . Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside in a cloud of smoke, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming “Wow-xx- What a Ride-xx- Hunter S-dd- Thompson . Goodbyes are only for those who love with their eyes-dd- Because for those who love with heart and soul there is no such thing as separation-dd- Rumi . What would life be worth if there were no death-qq- Who would enjoy the sun if it never rained-qq- Who would yearn for the day if there were no night-qq- Glenn Ringtved . It matters not how a man dies, but how he lives-dd- The act of dying is not of importance, it lasts so short a time-dd- Samuel Johnson . Death will never make sense to your mind-dd- Only time and self-understanding will alleviate your suffering-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Death commences too early – almost before you’re half-acquainted with life – you meet the other-dd- Tennessee Williams . Man cannot possess anything as long as he fears death-dd- But to him who does not fear it, everything belongs-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life-dd- Bertolt Brecht . There is a sacredness in tears-dd- They are not the mark of weakness, but of power-dd- They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues-dd- They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition, and of unspeakable love-dd- Washington Irving . Neither fire nor wind, birth nor death can erase our good deeds-dd- Buddha . They say you die twice-dd- One time when you stop breathing and a second time, a bit later on, when somebody says your name for the last time-dd- Banksy . The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague-dd- Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins-qq- Edgar Allan Poe . A normal human being does not want the Kingdom of Heaven: he wants life on earth to continue-dd- George Orwell . Everyone dies eventually, whether they have power or not-dd- That’s why you need to think about what you’ll accomplish while you’re alive-dd- Mary Macbeth . Why should I fear death-qq- If I am, death is not-dd- If death is, I am not-dd- Why should I fear that which cannot exist when I do-qq- Epicurus . Mostly it is loss which teaches us about the worth of things-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Death never takes the wise man by surprise, he is always ready to go-dd- Jean de La Fontaine (This is one of my favorite death quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Death is a distant rumor to the young-dd- Andrew A-dd- Rooney . Death is not the greatest loss in life-dd- The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live-dd- Norman Cousins . In the short term, you’ll see a thunderstorm-dd- Once the thunderstorm is over, you’ll see flowers-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Death is a word, and it is the word, the image, that creates fear-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Death is like a mirror in which the true meaning of life is reflected-dd- Sogyal Rinpoche . Death is nothing, but to live defeated is to die every day-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Cowards die many times before their deaths; The valiant never taste of death but once-dd- William Shakespeare (Julius Caesar) . No one really knows why they are alive until they know what they’d die for-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If you’re not ready to die for it, take the word “freedom” out of your vocabulary-dd- Malcolm X . Death is the destination we all share-dd- No one has ever escaped it-dd- And that is as it should be because death is very likely the single best invention of life-dd- It is life’s change agent, it clears out the old to make way for the new-dd- Steve Jobs . The fear of death follows from the fear of life-dd- A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time-dd- Mark Twain . The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated-dd- Mark Twain . The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there’s no risk of accident for someone who’s dead-dd- Albert Einstein . You needn’t die happy when your time comes, but you must die satisfied, for you have lived your life from the beginning to the end-dd- Stephen King . I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection-dd- ‘Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived-dd- Henry David Thoreau . If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die-dd- Maya Angelou . Death is nothing else but going home to God, the bond of love will be unbroken for all eternity-dd- Mother Teresa . I am ready to meet my Maker-dd- Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter-dd- Winston Churchill . Live as if you were to die tomorrow-dd- Learn as if you were to live forever-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic-dd- Joseph Stalin . Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game of Thrones) . End-qq- No, the journey doesn’t end here-dd- Death is just another path, one that we all must take-dd- The grey rain-curtain of this world rolls back, and all turns to silver glass, and then you see it-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . To die will be an awfully big adventure-dd- Peter Pan . Death is but a door, time is but a window-dd- I’ll be back-xx- Ghostbusters II . My mama always used to tell me: ‘If you can’t find somethin’ to live for, you best find somethin’ to die for’-dd- Tupac Shakur . It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live-dd- Marcus Aurelius . I’m the one that’s got to die when it’s time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to-dd- Jimi Hendrix . No one here gets out alive-dd- Jim Morrison . I’m not afraid of death because I don’t believe in it-dd- It’s just getting out of one car, and into another-dd- John Lennon . It is the secret of the world that all things subsist and do not die, but retire a little from sight and afterwards return again-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Death is no more than passing from one room into another-dd- But there’s a difference for me, you know-dd- Because in that other room I shall be able to see-dd- Helen Keller (Remember that Helen Keller was blind) . Each night, when I go to sleep, I die-dd- And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . For what is it to die but to stand naked in the wind and to melt into the sun-qq- And when the earth shall claim your limbs, then shall you truly dance-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . I want to be all used up when I die-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Life is hard-dd- After all, it kills you-dd- Katharine Hepburn . Dying is an art-dd- Sylvia Plath . Death pays all debts-dd- William Shakespeare . When I shall die, let it be doing that I had designed-dd- Ovid . We are born from a quiet sleep, and we die to a calm awakening-dd- Zhuangzi . For some moments in life there are no words-dd- David Seltzer . All men think that all men are mortal but themselves-dd- Edward Young . Give me liberty or give me death-dd- Patrick Henry . Live or die, but don’t poison everything-dd- Anne Sexton . Life has more meaning in the face of death-dd- Robert Greene . Death makes equal the high and low-dd- John Heywood . The hardest thing you overcome are the ones that give the most meaning-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The fear of death is the beginning of slavery-dd- Robert Anton Wilson . Death is the ultimate boundary of human matters-dd- Horace . Though death be poor, it ends a mortal woe-dd- William Shakespeare . Death takes no bribes-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Death is never an apology-dd- Soul King . Because I have loved life, I shall have no sorrow to die-dd- Amelia Burr . Religion is the human response to being alive and having to die-dd- Forrest Church . In my end is my beginning-dd- Mary, Queen of Scots . The phoenix must burn to emerge-dd- Janet Fitch . Everyone dies-dd- But not everyone really lives-dd- Unknown . The meaning of life is that it stops-dd- Franz Kafka . Hold infinity in the palm of your hand-dd- William Blake . Success is failure recycled-dd- Life is death reborn-dd- Jonathan Lockwood Huie . It’s better to burn out than to fade away-dd- Neil Young . Every exit is an entry somewhere else-dd- Tom Stoppard . Nothing is ever certain-dd- Alice Sebold . No art is possible without a dance with death-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Everyone dies but not everyone lives-dd- William Wallace . I shall not die of a cold-dd- I shall die of having lived-dd- Willa Cather . Life without an ideal is spiritual death-dd- Emma Goldman . The idea is to die young as late as possible-dd- Ashley Montagu . Life is like a very short visit to a toy shop between birth and death-dd- Desmond Morris . It is nothing to die-dd- It is frightful not to live-dd- Victor Hugo . Even trees do not die without a groan-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Let life be beautiful like summer flowers and death like autumn leaves-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Death is not extinguishing the light; it is only putting out the lamp because the dawn has come-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . The highest tribute to the dead is not grief but gratitude-dd- Thornton Wilder . If life must not be taken too seriously, then so neither must death-dd- Samuel Butler . The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity-dd- Seneca . By becoming deeply aware of our mortality, we intensify our experience of every aspect of life-dd- Robert Greene . As soon as you’ll realize that it was a gift, you’ll be free-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Death comes to all, but great achievements build a monument which shall endure until the sun grows cold-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I wanted a perfect ending-dd- Now I’ve learned, the hard way, that some poems don’t rhyme, and some stories don’t have a clear beginning, middle, and end-dd- Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what’s going to happen next-dd- Delicious ambiguity-dd- Gilda Radner . I discovered to my joy, that it is life, not death, that has no limits-dd- Gabriel García Márquez . It’s only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth – and that we have no way of knowing when our time is up – that we will begin to live each day to the fullest, as if it was the only one we had-dd- Elisabeth Kubler-Ross . Death-qq- Be as proud as you want: bore me later, because Love is sovereign here-dd- Life never ends-dd- Joy comes in the morning-dd- Glory hallelujah-dd- And let it be so-dd- Anne Lamott . Those men who, in war, seek to preserve their lives at any rate commonly die with shame and ignominy, while those who look upon death as common to all, and unavoidable, and are only solicitous to die with honour, oftener arrive at old age and, while they live, live happier-dd- Xenophon . Try as much as possible to be wholly alive with all your might, and when you laugh, laugh like hell-dd- And when you get angry, get good and angry-dd- Try to be alive-dd- You will be dead soon enough-dd- William Saroyan . Part 1-dd- Where is it I’ve read that someone condemned to death says or thinks, an hour before his death, that if he had to live on some high rock, on such a narrow ledge that he’d only room to stand, and the ocean, everlasting darkness, everlasting solitude, everlasting tempest around him, if he had to remain standing on a square yard of space all his life, a thousand years, eternity, it were better to live so than to die at once-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . Part 2-dd- Only to live, to live and live-xx- Life, whatever it may be-xx- Fyodor Dostoevsky . Let children walk with Nature, let them see the beautiful blendings and communions of death and life, their joyous inseparable unity, as taught in woods and meadows, plains and mountains and streams of our blessed star, and they will learn that death is stingless indeed, and as beautiful as life-dd- John Muir . I would rather die a meaningful death than to live a meaningless life-dd- Corazon Aquino . When we finally know we are dying, and all other sentient beings are dying with us, we start to have a burning, almost heartbreaking sense of the fragility and preciousness of each moment and each being, and from this can grow a deep, clear, limitless compassion for all beings-dd- Sogyal Rinpoche . Death is not the biggest fear we have; our biggest fear is taking the risk to be alive – the risk to be alive and express what we really are-dd- Miguel Angel Ruiz . Yea, all things live forever, though at times they sleep and are forgotten-dd- H-dd- Rider Haggard . Good men must die, but death cannot kill their names-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . When he shall die, take him and cut him out in little stars, and he will make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night and pay no worship to the garish sun-dd- William Shakespeare (Romeo and Juliet) . The man who lives without conflict, who lives with beauty and love, is not frightened of death because to love is to die-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Birth and death are the most singular events we experience – and the contemplation of death, as of birth, should be a thing of beauty, not ignobility-dd- Jacob K-dd- Javits . There is only one god and his name is Death, and there is only one thing we say to Death: ‘Not today’-dd- Syrio Forel (Games Of Thrones) . Do not fear death-dd- Death is always at our side-dd- When we show fear, it jumps at us faster than light-dd- But, if we do not show fear, it casts its eye upon us gently and then guides us into infinity-dd- Laughing Bull . Death must be so beautiful-dd- To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one’s head, and listen to silence-dd- To have no yesterday, and no to-morrow-dd- To forget time, to forget life, to be at peace-dd- Oscar Wilde . Here is the test to find whether your mission on Earth is finished: if you’re alive, it isn’t-dd- Richard Bach . A word is dead when it is said, some say-dd- I say it just begins to live that day-dd- Emily Dickinson . After your death, you will be what you were before your birth-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Death ends a life, not a relationship-dd- Mitch Albom . I’m not afraid to die, I just don’t want to be there when it happens-dd- Woody Allen . Many people die at twenty-five and aren’t buried until they are seventy-five-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Enjoy life-dd- There’s plenty of time to be dead-dd- Hans Christian Andersen . Dying is easy; it’s living that’s difficult-dd- Frederick Lenz . If my doctor told me I had only six minutes to live, I wouldn’t brood-dd- I’d type a little faster-dd- Isaac Asimov . I have noticed that even those who assert that everything is predestined and that we can change nothing about it still look both ways before they cross the street-dd- Stephen Hawking . I carry death in my left pocket-dd- Sometimes I take it out and talk to it: “Hello, baby, how you doing-qq- When you coming for me-qq- I’ll be ready”-dd- Charles Bukowski . There are only three things that can kill a farmer: lightning, rolling over in a tractor, and old age-dd- Bill Bryson . Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry-dd- Mark Twain . If there are no dogs in Heaven, then when I die I want to go where they went-dd- Will Rogers . Death is nature’s way of saying, “Your table is ready”-dd- Robin Williams . Neither the sun, nor death can be looked at steadily-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . One lives in the hope of becoming a memory-dd- Antonio Porchia . The first breath is the beginning of death-dd- Thomas Fuller . Life isn’t fair, nor should you expect it to be-dd- No matter how well you prepare, shit will happen, often when you least expect it-dd- Ed Latimore . It is human to have your soul brought to a crisis you did not anticipate-dd- The Dune Series . This aspect of reality, this weird scary aspect of life, can just wreck everything if you don’t figure out at some point that it is what makes life so profound, meaningful, rich, complex, wild-dd- Anne Lamott . I do not fear death-dd- I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it-dd- Mark Twain . The world would be dramatically better if everyone had to experience a near death event growing up-dd- Everyone will instantly value their time more, and be happier-dd- ChuchuTrain . Everything is ridiculous if one thinks of death-dd- Thomas Bernhard . Take nothing for granted-dd- Keep in mind that it can come at anytime-dd- Even today-dd- Maxime Lagacé . It seems to me that if you or I must choose between two courses of thought or action, we should remember our dying and try so to live that our death brings no pleasure to the world-dd- John Steinbeck . Part 1-dd- I despise wisdom and the blessings of this world-dd- It is all worthless, fleeting, illusory, and deceptive, like a mirage-dd- Anton Chekhov . Part 2-dd- You may be proud, wise, and fine, but death will wipe you off the face of the earth as though you were no more than mice burrowing under the floor, and your posterity, your history, your immortal geniuses will burn or freeze together with the earthly globe-dd- Anton Chekhov . Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity-dd- They seem to be more afraid of life than death-dd- James F-dd- Byrnes . Death is a stripping away of all that is not you-dd- The secret of life is to “die before you die” – and find that there is no death-dd- Eckhart Tolle . In the end one needs more courage to live than to kill himself-dd- Albert Camus . Men are never really willing to die except for the sake of freedom: therefore they do not believe in dying completely-dd- Albert Camus . If you gave someone your heart and they died, did they take it with them-qq- Did you spend the rest of forever with a hole inside you that couldn’t be filled-qq- Jodi Picoult . If you have a sister and she dies, do you stop saying you have one-qq- Or are you always a sister, even when the other half of the equation is gone-qq- Jodi Picoult . Parting is all we know of heaven, and all we need of hell-dd- Emily Dickinson . The death of a beloved is an amputation-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Death may be the greatest of all human blessings-dd- Socrates . The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our separate ways, I to die, and you to live-dd- Which of these two is better only God knows-dd- Socrates . Death is only the end if you assume the story is about you-dd- Welcome to Night Vale (Podcast) . You want to live – but do you know how to live-qq- You are scared of dying – and, tell me, is the kind of life you lead really any different from being dead-qq- Seneca . We are all alone, born alone, die alone, and—in spite of True Romance magazines — we shall all someday look back on our lives and see that, in spite of our company, we were alone the whole way-dd- Hunter S-dd- Thompson . Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . The idea of a good society is something you do not need a religion and eternal punishment to buttress; you need a religion if you are terrified of death-dd- Gore Vidal . I have wrestled with death-dd- It is the most unexciting contest you can imagine-dd- It takes place in an impalpable greyness, with nothing underfoot, with nothing around, without spectators, without clamour, without glory, without the great desire of victory, without the great fear of defeat, in a sickly atmosphere of tepid skepticism, without much belief in your own right, and still less in that of your adversary-dd- Joseph Conrad . Absolute silence leads to sadness-dd- It is the image of death-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Sing your death song, and die like a hero going home-dd- Tecumseh . Death is beautiful when seen to be a law, and not an accident-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Anything I’ve done that was ultimately worthwhile initially scared me to death-dd- Betty Bender . We owe respect to the living; to the dead we owe only truth-dd- Voltaire . The harder the pain, the longer the path to recovery, the better the opportunity to learn-dd- Maxime Lagacé . All good is hard-dd- All evil is easy-dd- Dying, losing, cheating, and mediocrity is easy-dd- Stay away from easy-dd- Scott Alexander . I could just remember how my father used to say that the reason for living was to get ready to stay dead a long time-dd- William Faulkner . What is history-qq- Its beginning is that of the centuries of systematic work devoted to the solution of the enigma of death, so that death itself may eventually be overcome-dd- That is why people write symphonies, and why they discover mathematical infinity and electromagnetic waves-dd- Boris Pasternak . For life be, after all, only a waitin’ for somethin’ else than what we’re doin’; and death be all that we can rightly depend on-dd- Bram Stoker (Dracula) . Losing your life is not the worst thing that can happen-dd- The worst thing is to lose your reason for living-dd- Jo Nesbø . Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can-dd- But life leaps over oblivion lightly, losing only a thing or two of no importance, and gloom is just a passing shadow of a cloud-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . Love never dies a natural death-dd- It dies because we don’t know how to replenish its source-dd- It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals-dd- It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings-dd- Anais Nin . Death destroys a man: the idea of Death saves him-dd- E-dd-M-dd- Forster . Die happily and look forward to taking up a new and better form-dd- Like the sun, only when you set in the west can you rise in the east-dd- Rumi . That’s what literature is-dd- It’s the people who went before us, tapping out messages from the past, from beyond the grave, trying to tell us about life and death-xx- Listen to them-xx- Connie Willis . When people don’t express themselves, they die one piece at a time-dd- Laurie Halse Anderson . Life is for the living-dd- Death is for the dead-dd- Let life be like music-dd- And death a note unsaid-dd- Langston Hughes . Give place to others, as others have given place to you-dd- Equality is the soul of equity-dd- Who can complain of being comprehended in the same destiny, wherein all are involved-qq- Michel de Montaigne . It is the fate — the genetic and neural fate — of every human being to be a unique individual, to find his own path, to live his own life, to die his own death-dd- Oliver Sacks . Man always thinks about the past before he dies, as if he were frantically searching for proof that he truly lived-dd- Jet Black . It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die-dd- That is true, it’s called Life-dd- Terry Pratchett . Do not seek death-dd- Death will find you-dd- But seek the road which makes death a fulfillment-dd- Dag Hammarskjold . Since we’re all going to die, it’s obvious that when and how don’t matter-dd- Albert Camus . Earth has no sorrow that heaven cannot heal-dd- Thomas Moore . No one ever told me that grief felt so much like fear-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . There is no grief like the grief that does not speak-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . All your sorrows have been wasted on you if you have not yet learned how to be wretched-dd- Seneca . Grief, when it comes, is nothing like we expect it to be-dd- Joan Didion . Grief turns out to be a place none of us know until we reach it-dd- Joan Didion . You can grieve all your life, but what’s the point-qq- You still have your life-dd- Don’t waste it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Don’t be afraid to cry-dd- It will free your mind of sorrowful thoughts-dd- Hopi (Native American) . They are not dead who live in the hearts they leave behind-dd- Tuscarora (Native American) . Part 1-dd- My sister will die over and over again for the rest of my life-dd- Jandy Nelson . Part 2-dd- Grief is forever-dd- It doesn’t go away; it becomes a part of you, step for step, breath for breath-dd- Jandy Nelson . Part 3-dd- I will never stop grieving Bailey because I will never stop loving her-dd- That’s just how it is-dd- Jandy Nelson . Part 4-dd- Grief and love are conjoined, you don’t get one without the other-dd- All I can do is love her, and love the world, emulate her by living with daring and spirit and joy-dd- Jandy Nelson . I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge – myth is more potent than history – dreams are more powerful than facts – hope always triumphs over experience – laughter is the cure for grief – love is stronger than death-dd- Robert Fulghum . The source of sorrows lies not in leaving life, but in leaving that which gives it meaning-dd- Raymond Radiguet . Crying does not indicate that you are weak-dd- Since birth, it has always been a sign that you are alive-dd- Charlotte Bronte . She was no longer wrestling with the grief, but could sit down with it as a lasting companion and make it a sharer in her thoughts-dd- George Eliot . It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died-dd- Rather we should thank God that such men lived-dd- George S-dd- Patton . You attend the funeral, you bid the dead farewell-dd- You grieve-dd- Then you continue with your life-dd- And at times the fact of her absence will hit you like a blow to the chest, and you will weep-dd- But this will happen less and less as time goes on-dd- She is dead-dd- You are alive-dd- So live-dd- Neil Gaiman . One cannot get through life without pain… What we can do is choose how to use the pain life presents to us-dd- Bernie S-dd- Siegel . Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow, but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them-dd- Leo Tolstoy . No truth can cure the sorrow we feel from losing a loved one-dd- No truth, no sincerity, no strength, no kindness can cure that sorrow-dd- All we can do is see it through to the end and learn something from it, but what we learn will be no help in facing the next sorrow that comes to us without warning-dd- Haruki Murakami . Grieving is not weakness nor absence of faith-dd- Grieving is as natural as crying when you are hurt, sleeping when you are tired or sneezing when your nose itches-dd- It is nature’s way of healing a broken heart-dd- Doug Manning . The only thing I know is everything you love will die-dd- The first time you meet someone special, you can count on them one day being dead and in the ground-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . The people we most love do become a physical part of us, ingrained in our synapses, in the pathways where memories are created-dd- Meghan O’Rourke . When we are learning the world, we know things we cannot say how we know-dd- When we are relearning the world in the aftermath of a loss, we feel things we had almost forgotten, old things, beneath the seat of reason-dd- Meghan O’Rourke . The ones that love us never really leave us-dd- Sirius Black (Harry Potter) . The dead can survive as part of the lives of those that still live-dd- Kenzaburō Ōe . Unable are the loved to die for love is immortality-dd- Emily Dickinson . There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval-dd- George Santayana . Death is more universal than life; everyone dies but not everyone lives-dd- Andrew Sachs . Live how we can, yet die we must-dd- William Shakespeare . You die in the middle of your life, in the middle of a sentence-dd- John Green . The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . It will stay in your head first, and then in your heart-dd- Those places will always be reserved-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Because life is fragile and death inevitable, we must make the most of each day-dd- Thomas S-dd- Monson . And we wept that one so lovely should have a life so brief-dd- William Cullen Bryant . When a person is born we rejoice, and when they’re married we jubilate, but when they die we try to pretend nothing has happened-dd- Margaret Mead . How can the dead be truly dead when they still live in the souls of those who are left behind-qq- Carson McCullers . When death overtakes us, all that we have is left to others; all that we are we take with us-dd- Unknown . Our death is not an end if we can live on in our children and the younger generation-dd- For they are us; our bodies are only wilted leaves on the tree of life-dd- Albert Einstein . Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Part 1-dd- When those you love die, the best you can do is honor their spirit for as long as you live-dd- Patrick Swayze . Part 2-dd- You make a commitment that you’re going to take whatever lesson that person or animal was trying to teach you, and you make it true in your own life-dd- Patrick Swayze . Part 3-dd- It’s a positive way to keep their spirit alive in the world, by keeping it alive in yourself-dd- Patrick Swayze . People do not die for us immediately, but remain bathed in a sort of aura of life which bears no relation to true immortality but through which they continue to occupy our thoughts in the same way as when they were alive-dd- It is as though they were traveling abroad-dd- Marcel Proust . Carve your name on hearts, not tombstones-dd- A legacy is etched into the minds of others and the stories they share about you-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Every man’s life ends the same way-dd- It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another-dd- Ernest Hemingway . The opposite of love is not hate, it’s indifference-dd- The opposite of art is not ugliness, it’s indifference-dd- The opposite of faith is not heresy, it’s indifference-dd- And the opposite of life is not death, it’s indifference-dd- Elie Wiesel . Do you not know that a man is not dead while his name is still spoken-qq- Terry Pratchett . To live in hearts we leave behind is not to die-dd- Thomas Campbell . To lose a brother is to lose someone with whom you can share the experience of growing old, who is supposed to bring you a sister-in-law and nieces and nephews, creatures who people the tree of your life and give it new branches-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . To lose your father is to lose the one whose guidance and help you seek, who supports you like a tree trunk supports its branches-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . Birth and death; we all move between these two unknowns-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity-dd- Horace Mann . Death smiles at us all, all a man can do is smile back-dd- Marcus Aurelius . It is as natural to die as it is to be born-dd- Francis Bacon . There is love in holding and there is love in letting go-dd- Elizabeth Berg . These births and deaths are changes in nature which we are mistaking for changes in us-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Dying is a very dull, dreary affair-dd- And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it-dd- W-dd- Somerset Maugham . And as long as you’re subject to birth and death, you’ll never attain enlightenment-dd- Bodhidharma . Do you see the gift that you had-qq- Do you see how lucky you were-qq- Maxime Lagacé . There is no birth, there is no death; there is no coming, there is no going; there is no same, there is no different; there is no permanent self, there is no annihilation-dd- We only think there is-dd- Thich Nhat Hahn . Happiness can exist only in acceptance-dd- George Orwell . Once you accept your own death, all of a sudden you’re free to live-dd- You no longer care about your reputation-dd- You no longer care except so far as your life can be used tactically to promote a cause you believe in-dd- Saul Alinsky . Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes-dd- Don’t resist them; that only creates sorrow-dd- Let reality be reality-dd- Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like-dd- Lao Tzu . We must constantly remind ourselves that we are eternity, infinite, beyond birth and death-dd- Frederick Lenz . Part 1-dd- Everyone wants to be foremost in this future-and yet death and the stillness of death are the only things certain and common to all in this future-xx- Friedrich Nietzsche . Part 2-dd- How strange that this sole thing that is certain and common to all, exercises almost no influence on men, and that they are the furthest from regarding themselves as the brotherhood of death-xx- Friedrich Nietzsche . Part 3-dd- It makes me happy to see that men do not want to think at all of the idea of death-xx- Friedrich Nietzsche . Part 4-dd- I would fain do something to make the idea of life to us to be more than friends in the sense of that sublime possibility-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Part 5-dd- And so we will believe in our even a hundred times more worthy of their attention-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . For after all, the best thing one can do when it is raining is let it rain-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . To die laughing must be the most glorious of all glorious deaths-xx- Edgar Allan Poe . The only real ending is death-dd- Everything else is a transition-dd- Robert Greene . Preparing for death is one of the most empowering things you can do-dd- Thinking about death clarifies your life-dd- Candy Chang . The first step toward change is awareness-dd- The second step is acceptance-dd- Nathaniel Branden . Without birth and death, and without the perpetual transmutation of all the forms of life, the world would be static, rhythm-less, undancing, mummified-dd- Alan Watts . Every man must do two things alone; he must do his own believing and his own dying-dd- Martin Luther . If you are mindful of death, it will not come as a surprise-you will not be anxious-dd- You will feel that death is merely like changing clothes-dd- Consequently, at that point you will be able to maintain your calmness of mind-dd- Dalai Lama . To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest-dd- To live fully is to be always in no-man’s-land, to experience each moment as completely new and fresh-dd- To live is to be willing to die over and over again-dd- Pema Chödrön . Our life and death are the same thing-dd- When we realize this fact we have no fear of death anymore, and we have no actual difficulty in our life-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . When someone we love dies, we get so busy mourning what died that we ignore what didn’t-dd- Ram Dass . My happiness grows in direct proportion to my acceptance, and in inverse proportion to my expectations-dd- Michael J-dd- Fox . The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you-dd- Stephanie Perkins . Death is life’s high meed-dd- John Keats . Now, of all the benefits that virtue confers upon us, the contempt of death is one of the greatest, as the means that accommodates human life with a soft and easy tranquillity, and gives us a pure and pleasant taste of living, without which all other pleasure would be extinct-dd- Michel de Montaigne . We should always, as near as we can, be booted and spurred, and ready to go, and, above all things, take care, at that time, to have no business with any one but one’s self-dd- Why for so short a life tease ourselves with so many projects-qq- Michel de Montaigne . Death is our friend precisely because it brings us into absolute and passionate presence with all that is here, that is natural, that is love… Rainer Maria Rilke . One should die proudly when it is no longer possible to live proudly-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . And I will show that nothing can happen more beautiful than death-dd- Walt Whitman . What is called a reason for living is also an excellent reason for dying-dd- Albert Camus . Life is pleasant-dd- Death is peaceful-dd- It’s the transition that’s troublesome-dd- Isaac Asimov . Death is a law, not a punishment-dd- Jean Dubos . He is terribly afraid of dying because he hasn’t yet lived-dd- Franz Kafka . Our culture’s zeal for longevity reveals our incredible collective fear of death-dd- Ram Dass . I do not believe that any man fears to be dead, but only the stroke of death-dd- Francis Bacon . Some people are so afraid to die that they never begin to live-dd- Henry Van Dyke . Be sure the safest rule is that we should not dare to live in any scene in which we dare not die-dd- But, once realise what the true object is in life — that it is not pleasure, not knowledge, not even fame itself, ‘that last infirmity of noble minds’ — but that it is the development of character, the rising to a higher, nobler, purer standard, the building-up of the perfect Man — and then, so long as we feel that this is going on, and will (we trust) go on for evermore, death has for us no terror; it is not a shadow, but a light; not an end, but a beginning-xx- Lewis Carroll . Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion to death-dd- Elisabeth Kubler-Ross . I believe that fear of life brings a greater fear of death-dd- David Blaine . The typical human behaviour is to seek security and certainty-dd- We fear death because it’s the unknown and nobody can give us answers-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Death anxiety is greater in those who feel they have lived an unfulfilled life-dd- Irvin Yalom . One regret dear world, that I am determined not to have when I am lying on my deathbed is that I did not kiss you enough-dd- Hafiz of Persia . The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone-dd- Harriet Beecher Stowe . Dying is like coming to the end of a long novel – you only regret it if the ride was enjoyable and left you wanting more-dd- Jerome P-dd- Crabb . Many of us crucify ourselves between two thieves – regret for the past and fear of the future-dd- Fulton Oursler . Life will undertake to separate us, and we must each set off in search of our own path, our own destiny or our own way of facing death-dd- Paulo Coelho . People die all the time-dd- Life is a lot more fragile than we think-dd- So you should treat others in a way that leaves no regrets-dd- Fairly, and if possible, sincerely-dd- It’s too easy not to make the effort, then weep and wring your hands after the person dies-dd- Haruki Murakami . If I can see pain in your eyes, then share with me your tears-dd- If I can see joy in your eyes, then share with me your smile-dd- Santosh Kalwar . I think death is equally terrible for everyone-dd- Young people, old people, the good, the bad; it’s always the same-dd- It’s rather fair in its treatment-dd- There’s no such thing as a terrible death, that’s why it’s frightening-dd- Sunako . Do not seek death-dd- But do not fear it either-dd- There cannot be life without death, it is inescapable-dd- Keisei Tagami . It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling (Harry Potter) . When it’s time to die, let us not discover that we have never lived-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Live your life that the fear of death can never enter your heart-dd- Tecumseh . Death in itself is nothing; but we fear to be we know not what, we know not where-dd- John Dryden . Isn’t it sad that so often it takes facing death to appreciate life and each other fully-qq- Esther Earl . You are facing death and danger and competition, but at any moment, you can decide to have a fearless mindset-dd- Robert Greene . To fear death is nothing other than to think oneself wise when one is not-dd- For it is to think one knows what one does not know-dd- No one knows whether death may not even turn out to be the greatest blessings of human beings-dd- And yet people fear it as if they knew for certain it is the greatest evil-dd- Socrates . Man alone chimes the hour-dd- And, because of this, man alone suffers a paralyzing fear that no other creature endures-dd- A fear of time running out-dd- Mitch Albom . Each day, we wake slightly altered, and the person we were yesterday is dead-dd- So why, one could say, be afraid of death, when death comes all the time-qq- John Updike . The funny thing about facing imminent death is that it really snaps everything else into perspective-dd- James Patterson . Let us not pray to be sheltered from dangers but to be fearless when facing them-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Let thy hope of heaven master thy fear of death-dd- William Gurnall . Because there is no glory in illness-dd- There is no meaning to it-dd- John Green . There is an afterlife-dd- I am convinced of this-dd- Paulo Coelho . I have always imagined that paradise will be a kind of library-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . I regret not death-dd- I am going to meet my friends in another world-dd- Ludovico Ariosto . Whether or not there’s an afterlife, screw it-dd- Just live your life right here, right now before it’s too late-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If we can prove an afterlife, then we have less pressure to make our physical life last forever-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . I would love to believe that when I die I will live again, that some thinking, feeling, remembering part of me will continue-dd- But as much as I want to believe that, and despite the ancient and worldwide cultural traditions that assert an afterlife, I know of nothing to suggest that it is more than wishful thinking-dd- Carl Sagan . The real question of life after death isn’t whether or not it exists, but even if it does what problem this really solves-dd- Ludwig Wittgenstein . We sometimes congratulate ourselves at the moment of waking from a troubled dream; it may be so the moment after death-dd- Nathaniel Hawthorne . Birth is not a beginning; death is not an end-dd- There is existence without limitation; there is continuity without a starting point-dd- Zhuangzi . You are dead – what am I speaking to-qq- Philip Pullman . There is no death-dd- Only a change of worlds-dd- Chief Seattle (Native American) . Death is the greatest illusion of all-dd- Osho . Death is as sure for that which is born, as birth for that which is dead-dd- Therefore grieve not for what is inevitable-dd- Bhagavad Gita . The strongest intimidation, by the way, is the invention of a hereafter with a hell everlasting-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . I don’t like paradise, as they probably don’t have obsessions there-dd- Alda Merini . I don’t believe in an afterlife, so I don’t have to spend my whole life fearing hell, or fearing heaven even more-dd- For whatever the tortures of hell, I think the boredom of heaven would be even worse-dd- Isaac Asimov . Ancient Egyptians believed that upon death they would be asked two questions and their answers would determine whether they could continue their journey in the afterlife-dd- The first question was, ‘Did you bring joy-qq-’ The second was, ‘Did you find joy-qq- Leo Buscaglia . I regard the brain as a computer which will stop working when its components fail-dd- There is no heaven or afterlife for broken down computers; that is a fairy story for people afraid of the dark-dd- Stephen Hawking . Of course you don’t die-dd- Nobody dies-dd- Death doesn’t exist-dd- You only reach a new level of vision, a new realm of consciousness, a new unknown world-dd- Henry Miller . There is no conclusive evidence of life after death, but there is no evidence of any sort against it-dd- Soon enough you will know, so why fret about it-qq- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . From my rotting body, flowers shall grow and I am in them and that is eternity-dd- Thomas Moore . Endings are not always bad-dd- Most times they’re just beginnings in disguise-dd- Kim Harrison . Death – the last sleep-qq- No, it is the final awakening-dd- Walter Scott . Part 1-dd- I cannot pretend I am without fear-dd- But my predominant feeling is one of gratitude-dd- Oliver Sacks . Part 2-dd- I have loved and been loved; I have been given much and I have given something in return; I have read and traveled and thought and written-dd-Olivier Sacks . Part 3-dd- I have had an intercourse with the world, the special intercourse of writers and readers-dd- Olivier Sacks . Part 4-dd- Above all, I have been a sentient being, a thinking animal, on this beautiful planet, and that in itself has been an enormous privilege and adventure-dd- Oliver Sacks . The most important thing to arrive on your deathbed satisfied and grateful is to first live your life fully-dd- Maxime Lagacé . How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard-dd- Winnie The Pooh . Courage is knowing what not to fear-dd- Plato . Your mission: Be so busy loving your life that you have no time for hate, regret or fear-dd- Karen Salmansohn . Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will-dd- Suzy Kassem . Do one thing every day that scares you-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Do not be afraid; our fate cannot be taken from us; it is a gift-dd- Dante Alighieri . Without darkness nothing comes to birth, as without light nothing flowers-dd- May Sarton . Find out what you’re afraid of and go live there-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Ultimately we know deeply that the other side of every fear is a freedom-dd- Marilyn Ferguson . Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live-dd- Dorothy Thompson . He who has overcome his fears will truly be free-dd- Aristotle . We suffer more in imagination than in reality-dd- Seneca . Fear doesn’t exist anywhere except in the mind-dd- Dale Carnegie . Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood-dd- Now is the time to understand more so that we may fear less-dd- Marie Curie . What the mind doesn’t understand, it worships or fears-dd- Alice Walker . Fear, hatred, and suspicion narrow your mind – compassion opens it-dd- Dalai Lama . Cease to hope and you will cease to fear-dd- Hecato . The only thing we have to fear is fear itself-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . If you want to cure the world, don’t emanate fear – emanate love-dd- Ram Dass . I was never afraid of failure; for I would sooner fail than not be among the greatest-dd- John Keats . The fears we don’t face becomes our limits-dd- Robin Sharma . Everything you want is on the other side of fear-dd- Jack Canfield . Fear has a large shadow, but he himself is small-dd- Ruth Gendler . To live is the rarest thing in the world-dd- Most people just exist-dd- Oscar Wilde . The whole secret of existence is to have no fear-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Your fears are a kind of prison that confines you within a limited range of action-dd- The less you fear, the more power you will have and the more fully you will live-dd- Robert Greene . Observe yourself-dd- See how you push away unpleasant thoughts, delay important decisions, postpone difficult conversations and avoid hard tasks-dd- Observe how you avoid discomfort and take refuge in comforting distractions-dd- Self observation is the beginning of self transformation-dd- The Ancient Sage . Never let the future disturb you-dd- You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present-dd- Marcus Aurelius . They lose the day in expectation of the night, and the night in fear of the dawn-dd- Seneca . There can be no initiative if one has fear, and fear compels us to cling to tradition, gurus, etc-dd- Bruce Lee . Our greatest fear should not be of failure, but of succeeding at something that doesn’t really matter-dd- D-dd- L-dd- Moody . Fear is temporary-dd- Regret is forever-dd- Unknown . For life to be really fun, what you fear should line up with what you desire-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . What you are afraid to do is a clear indication of the next thing you need to do-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . A man who fears suffering is already suffering from what he fears-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear-dd- Ambrose Redmoon . In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Being scared is part of being alive-dd- Accept it-dd- Walk through it-dd- Robin Sharma . Do not fear mistakes-dd- You will know failure-dd- Continue to reach out-dd- Benjamin Franklin (This is one of my favorite fear quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth-dd- Pema Chödrön . Fear is pain arising from the anticipation of evil-dd- Aristotle . FEAR: False Evidence Appearing Real-dd- . Fear itself is a creation of your mind-dd- It does not exist independently-dd- Since it is a fabrication, you don’t have to fight it-dd- Just understand it-dd- Understanding is the key to freedom-dd- The Ancient Sage . Fear is the enemy of logic-dd- Frank Sinatra . Fear is a friend of exceptional people-dd- Cus D’Amato . Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . I love the name of honor, more than I fear death-dd- Julius Caesar . If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed-dd- Albert Einstein . Instead of harboring fear and suspicion we need to think of other people not as ‘them’ but ‘us’-dd- Dalai Lama . Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game-dd- Babe Ruth . He who indulges in empty fears earns himself real fears-dd- Seneca . Now’s not the time for fear-dd- That comes later-dd- Bane (Batman) . Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear-dd- Mark Twain . I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times-dd- Bruce Lee . Limits, like fear, is often an illusion-dd- Michael Jordan . Thinking will not overcome fear but action will-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . Extreme fear can neither fight nor fly-dd- William Shakespeare . Beware; for I am fearless, and therefore powerful-dd- Mary Shelley (Frankenstein) . Courage is the power of the mind to overcome fear-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear; knowing what must be done does away with fear-dd- Rosa Parks . I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it-dd- The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear-dd- Nelson Mandela . Do that which you fear to do and the fear will die-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The scariest moment is always just before you start-dd- After that, things can only get better-dd- Stephen King . Let us never negotiate out of fear-dd- But let us never fear to negotiate-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Fear not the path of Truth for the lack of people walking on it-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . I steer my bark with hope in the head, leaving fear astern-dd- My hopes indeed sometimes fail, but not oftener than the forebodings of the gloomy-dd- Thomas Jefferson . The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face-dd- You must do the thing which you think you cannot do-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . You can’t make decisions based on fear and the possibility of what might happen-dd- Michelle Obama . I am not afraid of an army of lions led by a sheep; I am afraid of an army of sheep led by a lion-dd- Alexander the Great . It is weakness which breeds fear, and fear breeds distrust-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . I will tell you the secret to getting rich on Wall Street-dd- You try to be greedy when others are fearful-dd- And you try to be fearful when others are greedy-dd- Warren Buffett . Fear is the path to the dark side-dd- Fear leads to anger-dd- Anger leads to hate-dd- Hate leads to suffering-dd- Yoda (George Lucas) . Keep your fears to yourself, but share your inspiration with others-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . I’m not afraid of storms, for I’m learning how to sail my ship-dd- Louisa May Alcott . Have no fear of perfection – you’ll never reach it-dd- Salvador Dali . Become so wrapped up in something that you forget to be afraid-dd- Lady Bird Johnson . Move towards what scares you-dd- Tom Bilyeu . There is no illusion greater than fear-dd- Lao Tzu . Some things are in our control and others not-dd- Epictetus . Hope and fear are the same-dd- The Daily Stoic . A fighter has to know fear-dd- Cus D’Amato . Fear is stupid-dd- So are regrets-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Never let your fear decide your future-dd- Unknown . Don’t fear failure-dd- Fear the absence of progress-dd- Unknown . Fear is a mile high, a mile wide, and paper thin-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Fear is a lie-dd- Unknown . Fear does not stop death-dd- It stops life-dd- Vi Keeland . I’m intimidated by the fear of being average-dd- Taylor Swift . Do what you fear and fear disappears-dd- David Joseph Schwartz . Shatter all your fear-dd- Robin Sharma . Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . Fear is not the natural state of civilized people-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Don’t let your heart be colonized by fear-dd- Jack Kornfield . Of all the hazards, fear is the worst-dd- Sam Snead (Professional golfer) . Fear kills growth-dd- Gary Vaynerchuk . Always do what you’re afraid to do-dd- E-dd- Lockhart . Laughter is poison to fear-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game Of Thrones) . Fear cuts deeper than swords-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game Of Thrones) . Scared is what you’re feeling-dd- Brave is what you’re doing-dd- Emma Donoghue . How very little can be done under the spirit of fear-dd- Florence Nightingale . Don’t fear, just live right-dd- Neal A-dd- Maxwell . Inaction breeds doubt and fear-dd- Action breeds confidence and courage-dd- Dale Carnegie . Focus on where you want to go, not on what you fear-dd- Tony Robbins . Action eliminates fear-dd- Headphone up and get shit done-dd- Tom Bilyeu . Your choices define you-dd- Don’t let fear be your definition-dd- Tom Bilyeu . It’s okay to be a little afraid, it just means you’re about to learn something-dd- Thibaut . Run from what’s comfortable-dd- Forget safety-dd- Live where you fear to live-dd- Destroy your reputation-dd- Be notorious-dd- I have tried prudent planning long enough-dd- From now on I’ll be mad-dd- Rumi . I must not fear-dd- Fear is the mind-killer-dd- Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration-dd- I will face my fear-dd- Frank Herbert . Feel the fear and do it anyway-dd- Susan Jeffers . Be not afraid of anything-dd- You will do marvelous work-dd- The moment you fear, you are nobody-dd- Be a hero-dd- Always say, ‘I have no fear’-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Face your fears, pursue your ambitions, and become the hero you are destined to be-dd- Josh Kaufman . You gotta act-dd- And you’ve gotta be willing to fail, you gotta be ready to crash and burn, with people on the phone, with starting a company, with whatever-dd- If you’re afraid of failing, you won’t get very far-dd- Steve Jobs . Two elements must therefore be rooted out once for all, – the fear of future suffering, and the recollection of past suffering; since the latter no longer concerns me, and the former concerns me not yet-dd- Seneca . Confidence comes from being vulnerable, not by shielding yourself-dd- It is a function of exposure-dd- The more you are exposed to challenges, the more you grow-dd- To grow in confidence, you must first be open to embarrassment-dd- Get your feet wet, there is no other way-dd- The Ancient Sage . Be at one with your fate and give your actions the weight of eternity-dd- Stop wishing for something else to happen, for a different fate-dd- That is to live a false life-dd- Robert Greene . My formula for greatness in a human being is amor fati: that one wants nothing to be different, not forward, not backward, not in all eternity-dd- Not merely bear what is necessary, still less conceal it… but love it-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche (More about “amor fati” or “love of fate” in this YouTube video) . The beautiful thing about fear is, when you run to it, it runs away-dd- Robin Sharma . Being aware of your fear is smart-dd- Overcoming it is the mark of a successful person-dd- Seth Godin . It’s not a terrible thing that we feel fear when faced with the unknown-dd- It is part of being alive, something we all share-dd- Pema Chödrön . Fear is your friend-dd- It is an indicator-dd- Sometimes it shows you what you shouldn’t do, more often than not it shows you what you should do-dd- Tim Ferriss . When I hear music, I fear no danger-dd- I am invulnerable-dd- I see no foe-dd- I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Run after your fears-dd- Chase them-dd- Make them shake-dd- And dread the day you gained enough confidence to realize they were full of shit-dd- Thibaut . You don’t need it all figured out-dd- The more you think you do, the more you’ll procrastinate and fear moving forward-dd- Have courage and start now, even if you start small-dd- Thibaut . Don’t fear-dd- Prepare-dd- Don’t fear-dd- Learn-dd- Don’t fear-dd- Build-dd- Don’t fear-dd- Endure-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Sometimes, what we fear the most is what we most need to do-dd- Tim Ferriss . All the power is within you; you can do anything and everything-dd- Swami Vivekananda . It’s believing in our dreams and facing our fears head on that allows us to live our lives beyond limits-dd- Amy Purdy . Death is not the biggest fear we have; our biggest fear is taking the risk to be alive – the risk to be alive and express what we really are-dd- Don Miguel Ruiz . Don’t be afraid of your fears-dd- They’re not there to scare you-dd- They’re there to let you know that something is worth it-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Your largest fear carries your greatest growth-dd- Unknown . Fear is a pointer to your next adventure-dd- Unknown . Don’t give in to your fears-dd- If you do, you won’t be able to talk to your heart-dd- Paulo Coelho . If you’re are paralyzed with fear it’s a good sign-dd- It shows you what you have to do-dd- Steven Pressfield . The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity-dd- Seneca . A lot of people are afraid of heights-dd- Not me, I’m afraid of widths-dd- Steven Wright . Fear has two meanings: Forget Everything And Run or Face Everything And Rise-dd- The choice is yours-dd- Zig Ziglar . Only priests and fools are fearless and I’ve never been on the best of terms with God-dd- Patrick Rothfuss . I do not fear death-dd- I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it-dd- Mark Twain . What I came to realize is that fear, that’s the worst of it-dd- That’s the real enemy-dd- So, get up, get out in the real world and you kick that bastard as hard as you can right in the teeth-dd- Walter White (Breaking Bad) . Fear grows in darkness; if you think there’s a bogeyman around, turn on the light-dd- Dorothy Thompson . I’m not afraid to look like a big, hairy, smelly, foreign devil in Tokyo, though I do my best not to, I really do-dd- Anthony Bourdain . The dogs with the loudest bark are the ones that are most afraid-dd- Norman Reedus . You can judge your age by the amount of pain you feel when you come in contact with a new idea-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . I’m not afraid of death; I just don’t want to be there when it happens-dd- Woody Allen . You act like mortals in all that you fear, and like immortals in all that you desire-dd- Seneca . You’re subject to sorrow, fear, jealousy, anger and inconsistency-dd- That’s the real reason you should admit that you are not wise-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Fear makes us feel our humanity-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . A hope hides a fear — a fear hides a hope-dd- Unknown . The ego is antifragile-dd- When attacked it inflates to protect itself-dd- Michael . If I had just a little bit of wisdom I should walk the great path and fear only straying from it-dd- Lao Tzu . Die in your thoughts every morning and you will no longer fear death-dd- Yamamoto Tsunetomo (Hagakure) . The universe is made up of experiences that are designed to burn out our reactivity, which is our attachment, our clinging, to pain, to pleasure, to fear, to all of it-dd- Ram Dass . Where there is fear there is obviously no freedom, and without freedom there is no love at all-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Show me a man who isn’t a slave; one who is a slave to sex, another to money, another to ambition; all are slaves to hope or fear-dd- Seneca . All humans are afraid of the negative feelings that will arrive from situations-dd- Kapil Gupta . Everyone is afraid of something-dd- We fear things because we value them-dd- We fear losing people because we love them-dd- We fear dying because we value being alive-dd- Don’t wish you didn’t fear anything-dd- All that would mean is that you didn’t feel anything-dd- Cassandra Clare . How frequently do your thoughts include fear, judgment or simply justify your point of view-qq- Jack Kornfield . Do not be lured by the need to be liked: better to be respected, even feared-dd- Robert Greene (33 Strategies Of War) . The world is full of men who despise you, fear your ambition, and jealously guard their shrinking realms of power-dd- Robert Greene . Experience teaches us that silence terrifies people the most-dd- Bob Dylan . Fear is the cheapest room in the house-dd- I’d like to see you in better living conditions-dd- Hafiz . It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both-dd- Niccolo Machiavelli . What you really fear is inside yourself-dd- You fear your own power-dd- You fear your anger, the drive to do great or terrible things-dd- Ra’s Al Ghul (Batman) . I am afraid-dd- Not of life, or death, or nothingness, but of wasting it as if I had never been-dd- Daniel Keyes . There are two kinds of future concern: desire and fear-dd- They together create a perfect hell-dd- The Ancient Sage . Collective fear stimulates herd instinct, and tends to produce ferocity toward those who are not regarded as members of the herd-dd- Bertrand Russell . You must understand fear so you can manipulate it-dd- Fear is like fire-dd- You can make it work for you: it can warm you in the winter, cook your food when you’re hungry, give you light when you are in the dark, and produce energy-dd- Let it go out of control and it can hurt you, even kill you-dd- Cus D’Amato . Fear is death, fear is sin, fear is hell, fear is unrighteousness, and fear is wrong life-dd- All the negative thoughts and ideas that are in the world have proceeded from this evil spirit of fear-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Never turn your back on fear-dd- It should always be in front of you, like a thing that might have to be killed-dd- Hunter S-dd- Thompson . I am all in a sea of wonders-dd- I doubt; I fear; I think strange things, which I dare not confess to my own soul-dd- Bram Stoker (Dracula) . I was set free because my greatest fear has been realised and I was still alive-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light-dd- Plato . Men go to far greater lengths to avoid what they fear than to obtain what they desire-dd- Dan Brown . Fear is a phoenix-dd- You can watch it burn a thousand times and still it will return-dd- Leigh Bardugo . Don’t move the way fear makes you move-dd- Rumi . Danger is very real-dd- But fear is a choice-dd- Will Smith . It often requires more courage to dare to do right than to fear to do wrong-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Being brave doesn’t mean you aren’t scared-dd- You can be scared and be brave at the same time-dd- Preethi Kasireddy . Indifference is a misguided way of defending ourselves-dd- Jack Kornfield . Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric-dd- Bertrand Russell . How does it help… to make troubles heavier by bemoaning them-qq- Seneca . The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately-dd- Seneca . People are disturbed not by things, but by the view they take of them-dd- Epictetus . To understand your fear is the beginning of really seeing-dd- Bruce Lee . Every time you choose safety you reinforce fear-dd- illacertus . Understand your fears-dd- Face your fears-dd- Laugh at your fears-dd- This is the sequence to self-ownership-dd- Adrian Iliopoulos . Scared and sacred are spelled with the same letters-dd- Awful proceeds from the same root word as awesome-dd- Terrify and terrific-dd- Every negative experience holds the seed of transformation-dd- Alan Cohen . Giving in to anger, fear and suspicion disturbs our minds and our physical well-being, whereas trust and friendship are the basis of society-dd- Dalai Lama . The only way to ease our fear and be truly happy is to acknowledge our fear and look deeply at its source-dd- Instead of trying to escape from our fear, we can invite it up to our awareness and look at it clearly and deeply-dd- Thich Nhat Hạnh . Fear will make you overestimate the enemy and act too defensively-dd- Robert Greene (33 Strategies Of War) . It’s not fear that gets in our way-dd- We’re all afraid-dd- It’s how we self-protect that moves us away from our integrity-dd- Brené Brown . Life is only that which you live on your own terms-dd- Only that is your life; the rest is not yours-dd- If you are being dictated by others or meekly following them out of fear, you are wasting your only chance at life-dd- The Ancient Sage . Remember: the only enemy you need to fear is your own self – your lack of awareness and loss of control-dd- The Ancient Sage . Heaven is being immersed in the moment-dd- Hell is worrying about the future-dd- The Ancient Sage . Hecato says, ‘cease to hope and you will cease to fear-dd-’… The primary cause of both these ills is that instead of adapting ourselves to present circumstances we send out thoughts too far ahead-dd- Seneca . Typically, people don’t overcome their fears because the fears are nebulous and undefined-dd- Tim Ferriss . If the challenge we face doesn’t scare us, then it’s probably not that important-dd- Tim Ferriss . Responsibility over retribution-dd- Courage over cowardice-dd- Endurance over excuses-dd- Creation over criticism-dd- Discipline over desire-dd- Action over reaction-dd- Present over past-dd- Fire over fear-dd- The Stoic Emperor . If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles-dd- If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory you will also suffer a defeat-dd- If you know neither the enemy nor yourself you will succumb in every battle-dd- Sun Tzu . Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it-dd- Unknown . Worry gives a small thing a big shadow-dd- Swedish proverb . Fear the man of one book-dd- German proverb . A cat bitten once by a snake dreads even rope-dd- Arab proverb . Fear is only as deep as the mind allows-dd- Japanese proverb . Fear makes the wolf bigger than he is-dd- German proverb . Don’t fear moving forward slowly-dd- Fear standing still-dd- Chinese proverb . The best way to overcome fear is to face with equanimity the situation of which one is afraid-dd- B-dd-K-dd-S-dd- Iyengar . The presence of fear does not mean you have no faith-dd- Fear visits everyone-dd- But make your fear a visitor and not a resident-dd- Max Lucado . If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about-qq- What is there to fear-qq- Confucius . I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today-dd- William Allen White . Hope and fear cannot alter the seasons-dd- Chögyam Trungpa . To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom-dd- Bertrand Russell . Courage is fear holding on a minute longer-dd- George S-dd- Patton . To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden-dd- Seneca . Sitting mindfully with our sorrows and fears is an act of courage-dd- Jack Kornfield . The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek-dd- Joseph Campbell . Get over any general fears you have of confronting people or you will find it extremely difficult to assert yourself-dd- Robert Greene . You must always be prepared to place a bet on yourself, on your future, by heading in a direction that others seem to fear-dd- Robert Greene . You can’t cry it away or eat it away or starve it away or walk it away or punch it away or even therapy it away-dd- It’s just there, and you have to survive it-dd- You have to endure it-dd- You have to live through it and love it and move on and be better for it-dd- Cheryl Strayed . Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens-dd- Epictetus . Most of us have two lives: the life we live, and the unlived life within us-dd- Between the two stands Resistance-dd- Steven Pressfield . Facing your fears – even with the odds in your favor – doesn’t guarantee success-dd- However, refusing to face them ensures you haven’t fully explored what it means to live a meaningful life-dd- Shane Parrish . No fear, no hesitation, no surprise, no doubt-dd- Miyamoto Musashi . If you want to conquer fear, don’t sit home and think about it-dd- Go out and get busy-dd- Dale Carnegie . Courage doesn’t mean you don’t get afraid-dd- Courage means you don’t let fear stop you-dd- Bethany Hamilton . Fear is nothing more than an obstacle that stands in the way of progress-dd- In overcoming our fears we can move forward stronger and wiser within ourselves-dd- Unknown . If you can figure out a way to wrestle that fear to push you from behind rather than to stand in front of you, that’s very powerful-dd- Jimmy Iovine . Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes-dd- You are free-dd- Jim Morrison . Be brave-dd- That fear you’re feeling won’t kill you-dd- It is completely natural and many other people feel it every day-dd- Markus Almond . If you can learn to sit in that fear – to feel it and move forward anyway, the world’s biggest doors will open for you-dd- Markus Almond . All your idols live with that fear just as much as you do-dd- We are all in this together-dd- We all get nervous-dd- Markus Almond . We think we’re no good and we want to turn back-dd- But a few crazy people lean into the fear-dd- They learn to function in the fear-dd- And if you can adopt that as a permanent outlook, you will get every last drop out of this gift called life-dd- Markus Almond . Through every generation of the human race there has been a constant war, a war with fear-dd- Those who have the courage to conquer it are made free and those who are conquered by it are made to suffer until they have the courage to defeat it, or death takes them-dd- Alexander The Great . Can a man still be brave if he’s afraid-qq- ‘That is the only time a man can be brave,’ his father told him-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game of Thrones) . There is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the will of others-dd- My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me-dd- Jane Austen . Stand up and be strong-xx- No fear-dd- No superstition-dd- Face the truth as it is-xx- Swami Vivekananda . Fear doesn’t exist anywhere except in the mind-dd- Dale Carnegie . You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so-dd- Dale Carnegie . To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . The thing is – fear can’t hurt you any more than a dream-dd- William Golding (Lord of the Flies) . Don’t waste life in doubts and fears; spend yourself on the work before you, well assured that the right performance of this hour’s duties will be the best preparation for the hours and ages that will follow it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . He is rich who owns the day, and no one owns the day who allows it to be invaded with fret and anxiety-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Every single worry or fear you have will be meaningless down the road-dd- Every-dd- Single-dd- One-dd- Kamal Ravikant . “Paranoia”, “fear”, “burning worry”, and “drive” to “not lose” work in short term but will wreck you in long term-dd- Naval Ravikant . The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion – it brings one back to the basis of one’s inner strength-dd- Dalai Lama . One is never afraid of the unknown; one is afraid of the known coming to an end-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . My dear friends, my dear disciples, don’t take refuge in anything outside of you-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . People have a hard time letting go of suffering-dd- Out of a fear of the unknown, they prefer suffering that is familiar-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . The only thing we really have to fear is fearmongering itself-dd- Maureen Dowd . Fear creates its own self-fulfilling dynamic – as people give into it, they lose energy and momentum-dd- Robert Greene . When you are distressed by an external thing, it’s not the thing itself that troubles you, but only your judgment of it-dd- And you can wipe this out at a moment’s notice-dd- Marcus Aurelius . You are far from the only nervous person in the room-dd- Thibaut . Fear is a disease that eats away at logic and makes man inhuman-dd- Marian Anderson . The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown-dd- H-dd-P-dd- Lovecraft . The beauty of the world has two edges, one of laughter, one of anguish, cutting the heart asunder-dd- Virginia Woolf . Most people do not really want freedom, because freedom involves responsibility, and most people are frightened of responsibility-dd- Sigmund Freud . People tend to avoid the important work they fear by doing unimportant work that wears them out-dd- They suppress anxiety with exhaustion, but they do not address the source of the problem-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Modern people often feel most content in a hotel room-dd- They feel liberated by the novel emptiness-dd- No closet of unworn clothes to remind them of past identities-dd- No calendar to create anxiety for the future-dd- Many of the things we fear losing are things we would not miss-dd- The Stoic Emperor . When you are confronted with something immediately there is no fear-dd- It is only when thought comes in that there is fear-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . [Man] sacrifices his health in order to make money-dd- Then he sacrifices money to recuperate his health-dd- And then he is so anxious about the future that he does not enjoy the present; the result being that he does not live in the the present or the future; he lives as if he is never going to die, and then dies having never really lived-dd- Dalai Lama . Don’t be afraid of being scared-dd- To be afraid is a sign of common sense-dd- Only complete idiots are not afraid of anything-dd- Carlos Ruiz Zafón . Fear of the unknown is the greatest fear of all… but we just went for it-dd- Yvon Chouinard (Patagonia) . Ignorance and fear are the parents of all superstition-dd- Emma Goldman . It has always seemed that a fear of judgment is the mark of guilt and the burden of insecurity-dd- Criss Jami . Here is the world-dd- Beautiful and terrible things will happen-dd- Don’t be afraid-dd- Frederick Buechner . Fear is more crippling than the actual consequences-dd- Vince Vaughn . The more you fail, the less you’re afraid of it-dd- Gary Vaynerchuk . I failed my way to success-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Everything I’ve ever done was out of fear of being mediocre-dd- Chet Atkins . Great work is done by people who are not afraid to be great-dd- Fernando Flores . When you get rid of your fear of failure, your tensions about succeeding… you can be yourself-dd- Relaxed-dd- You’ll no longer be driving with your brakes on-dd- Anthony de Mello . Think like a queen-dd- A queen is not afraid to fail-dd- Failure is another steppingstone to greatness-dd- Oprah Winfrey . If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one-dd- Elbert Hubbard . The only real stumbling block is fear of failure-dd- In cooking you’ve got to have a ‘What the hell-qq-’ attitude-dd- Julia Child . Don’t fear failure-dd- That shit is powerful-dd- Fear mediocrity-dd- That will waste your entire life-dd- Tom Bilyeu . You can’t live in fear of embarrassment – it has far too much to teach you-dd- There is so much power in being the person that can sit in their embarrassment and figure out what went wrong and how to grow from it-dd- Tom Bilyeu . The more worldly success you have, the more your ego gets built up-dd- The more fearful you might be of losing it all-dd- Naval Ravikant . Power does not corrupt-dd- Fear corrupts… perhaps the fear of a loss of power-dd- John Steinbeck . Don’t be afraid to fail-dd- Don’t waste energy trying to cover up failure-dd- Learn from your failures and go on to the next challenge-dd- It’s OK to fail-dd- If you’re not failing, you’re not growing-dd- Anne Sullivan . There are so many doors to be opened, and I’m not afraid to look behind them-dd- Elizabeth Taylor . Most people, after one success, are so cringingly afraid of doing less well that they rub all the edge off their subsequent work-dd- Beatrix Potter . Most peak experiences are behind discomfort gates-dd- A society unable to handle discomfort is an impoverished one-dd- Michael . Your fears of the consequences of a bold action are way out of proportion to reality, and in fact the consequences of timidity are worse-dd- Robert Greene . Now is the time to stop drifting and wake up — to assess yourself, the people around you, and the direction in which you are headed in as cold and brutal a light as possible-dd- Without fear-dd- Robert Greene . Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears-dd- Les Brown . Fears are nothing more than a state of mind-dd- Napoleon Hill . Failure is a judgment, an opinion-dd- It stems from your fears, which can be eliminated by love – love for yourself, love for what you do, love for others, and love for your planet-dd- Wayne Dyer . Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt-dd- Jane Addams . The moment we begin to fear the opinions of others and hesitate to tell the truth that is in us, and from motives of policy are silent when we should speak, the divine floods of light and life no longer flow into our souls-dd- Elizabeth Cady Stanton . You are born with only two fears: fear of falling and fear of loud noise-dd- All the rest is learned-dd- And it’s a lot of work-xx- Richard Bandler . Don’t permit fear of failure to prevent effort-dd- We are all imperfect and will fail on occasions, but fear of failure is the greatest failure of all-dd- John Wooden . Obstacles don’t have to stop you-dd- If you run into a wall, don’t turn around and give up-dd- Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it-dd- Michael Jordan . Many fear judgement more than failure-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Fear is a manipulative emotion that can trick us into living a boring life-dd- Donald Miller . Fear comes in two packages: fear of failure, and sometimes, fear of success-dd- Tom Kite . He who fears he shall suffer, already suffers what he fears-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Without failure there is no achievement-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . People living deeply have no fear of death-dd- Anais Nin . I cannot escape death, but at least I can escape the fear of it-dd- Epictetus . Death and pain are not frightening, it’s the fear of pain and death we need to fear-dd- Epictetus . Wherever you are afraid, try to explore, and you will find death hiding somewhere behind-dd- All fear is of death-dd- Death is the only fear source-dd- Osho . Why should I fear death-qq- If I am, then death is not-dd- If Death is, then I am not-dd- Why should I fear that which can only exist when I do not-qq- Epicurus . I’m not afraid of death anymore-dd- And I think a lot of the struggle that we have in life comes from a deep, deep fear of death-dd- And it can take form in many ways-dd- One can be that we want to write the great American novel, or we really want to achieve something in this world, we want to build something, we want to build a great piece of technology or we want to start an amazing business or we want to run for office and make a difference-dd- Naval Ravikant . All fears are children of the fear of death-dd- Naval Ravikant . It’s not that we fear death, it’s that we fear not living the life we want-dd- Naval Ravikant . All men fear death-dd- It’s a natural fear that consumes us all-dd- We fear death because we feel that we haven’t loved well enough or loved at all, which ultimately are one and the same-dd- Woody Allen . To fear death, gentlemen, is no other than to think oneself wise when one is not, to think one knows what one does not know-dd- No one knows whether death may not be the greatest of all blessings for a man, yet men fear it as if they knew that it is the greatest of evils-dd- Socrates . People fear death even more than pain-dd- It’s strange that they fear death-dd- Life hurts a lot more than death-dd- At the point of death, the pain is over-dd- Jim Morrison . I know it is coming, and I do not fear it, because I believe there is nothing on the other side of death to fear-dd- I hope to be spared as much pain as possible on the approach path-dd- I was perfectly content before I was born, and I think of death as the same state-dd- Roger Ebert . He is terribly afraid of dying because he hasn’t yet lived-dd- Franz Kafka . Live your life that the fear of death can never enter your heart-dd- Tecumseh . Whatever scares or discomforts you is your teacher-dd- Unknown . Every time we choose safety, we reinforce fear-dd- Cheri Huber . Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change-dd- Jim Rohn . The happiness of childhood, the calming of a child’s fears and the healthy development of its self-confidence depend directly upon love-dd- Dalai Lama . Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity-dd- They seem to be more afraid of life than death-dd- James F-dd- Bymes . Freethinkers are those who are willing to use their minds without prejudice and without fearing to understand things that clash with their own customs, privileges, or beliefs-dd- Leo Tolstoy . I think the big mistake in schools is trying to teach children anything, and by using fear as the basic motivation-dd- Fear of getting failing grades, fear of not staying with your class, etc-dd- Interest can produce learning on a scale compared to fear as a nuclear explosion to a firecracker-dd- Stanley Kubrick . It’s the questions we can’t answer that teach us the most-dd- They teach us how to think-dd- If you give a man an answer, all he gains is a little fact-dd- But give him a question and he’ll look for his own answers-dd- Patrick Rothfuss . Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change-dd- Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley (Frankenstein) . We need to get rid of the fear and guilt we might have for asserting ourselves-dd- It serves no purpose except to keep us down-dd- Robert Greene . Man is a procrastinator by nature-dd- He procrastinates because he fears discomfort-dd- The Ancient Sage . We’d rather live with our problems than adapt to the solutions-dd- Shane Parrish . We’re predisposed to hate variation because it causes change-dd- Change creates uncertainty-dd- And uncertainty causes anxiety and insecurity-dd- Shane Parrish . Don’t fear change-dd- You may lose something good, but you may also gain something great-dd- Unknown . And loss of control is always the source of fear-dd- It is also, however, always the source of change-dd- James Frey . One can choose to go back toward safety or forward toward growth-dd- Growth must be chosen again and again; fear must be overcome again and again-dd- Abraham Maslow . I don’t let go of my thoughts, I meet them with understanding, then they let go of me-dd- Byron Katie . It is not change that causes anxiety; it is the feeling that we are without defenses in the presence of what we see as danger that causes anxiety-dd- Robert Kegan and Lisa Laskow Lahey . When we speak we are afraid our words will not be heard nor welcomed but when we are silent we are still afraid-dd- So it is better to speak remembering we were never meant to survive-dd- Audre Lorde . I have accepted fear as part of life – specifically the fear of change… I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back-dd- Erica Jong . I wonder if fears ever really go away, or if they just lose their power over us-dd- Veronica Roth . I can’t understand why people are frightened of new ideas-dd- I’m frightened of the old ones-dd- John Cage . We grow fearless when we do the things we fear-dd- Robin Sharma . No longer be either dissatisfied with thy present lot, or shrink from the future-dd- Marcus Aurelius . There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires-dd- Buddha . A quiet mind is able to hear intuition over fear-dd- Yvan Byeajee . To fully accept suffering and misfortune frees you from fear-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Abundance comes from a place of confidence-dd- Scarcity comes from a place of fear-dd- Unknown . Don’t dwell on the past or fear for the future; simply live the present moment wisely-dd- Rhonda Byrne (The Secret) . A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not-dd- Seneca . life is very short and anxious for those who forget the past, neglect the present, and fear the future-dd- Seneca . Fear-qq- What has a man to do with fear-qq- Chance rules our lives, and the future is all unknown-dd- Best live as we may, from day to day-dd- Sophocles . Anger and fear undermine our immune system, while warm-heartedness brings peace of mind-dd- Therefore, just as we teach children to comply with physical hygiene for the good of their health, we should also counsel them in a kind of hygiene of the emotions-dd- Dalai Lama . The only calibration that counts is how much heart people invest, how much they ignore their fears of being hurt or caught out or humiliated-dd- And the only thing people regret is that they didn’t live boldly enough, that they didn’t invest enough heart, didn’t love enough-dd- Nothing else really counts at all-dd- Ted Hughes . Be not afraid of life-dd- Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact-dd- Henry James . Concern for others’ well being reduces fear and suspicion, prompting the openness and transparency that gives rise to trust and friendship-dd- Dalai Lama . Freedom is the basis of all happiness-dd- This means freedom from despair, freedom from resentment, freedom from jealousy and fear-dd- Genuine practice is practice that helps you become more free and more solid-dd- Every step you take, every breath you take, every minute of sitting-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . We fear that this moment will end, that we won’t get what we need, that we will lose what we love, or that we will not be safe-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . What the world needs most is more love, more generosity, more mercy, more openness-dd- The root of human problems is not a lack of resources but comes from the misunderstanding, fear, and separateness that can be found in the hearts of people-dd- Jack Kornfield . True happiness is to enjoy the present without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied, for he that is wants nothing-dd- Seneca . All this hurrying from place to place won’t bring you any relief, for you’re travelling in the company of your own emotions, followed by your troubles all the way-dd- Seneca . Wild animals run from the dangers they actually see, and once they have escaped them worry no more-dd- We however are tormented alike by what is past and what is to come-dd- A number of our blessings do us harm, for memory brings back the agony of fear while foresight brings it on prematurely-dd- No one confines his unhappiness to the present-dd- Seneca . Caretake this moment-dd- Immerse yourself in its particulars-dd- Respond to this person or that person, this challenge, this deed-dd- Quit the evasions-dd- Stop giving yourself needless trouble-dd- It is time to really live; to fully inhabit the situation you happen to be in right now-dd- You are not some disinterested bystander-dd- Participate-dd- Exert yourself-dd- Epictetus . People will do anything, no matter how absurd, to avoid facing their own souls-dd- C-dd-G-dd- Jung . The key to success is for you to make a habit throughout your life of doing the things you fear-dd- Brian Tracy (See also: 7 Ways ‘Fearless’ People Conquer Fear) . If you go deeper and deeper into your own heart, you’ll be living in a world with less fear, isolation and loneliness-dd- Sharon Salzberg . The emotion of fear often works overtime-dd- Even when there is no immediate threat, our body may remain tight and on guard, our mind narrowed to focus on what might go wrong-dd- When this happens, fear is no longer functioning to secure our survival-dd- We are caught in the trance of fear and our moment-to-moment experience becomes bound in reactivity-dd- We spend our time and energy defending our life rather than living it fully-dd- Tara Brach . Accept who you are; and revel in it-dd- Mitch Album . There’s no shame in fear, my father told me, what matters is how we face it-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin . There is fear and insecurity in pride, for when one aims at being highly esteemed, and having achieved such status, he is automatically involved in the fear of losing one’s status-dd- Bruce Lee . There is no beauty in sadness-dd- No honor in suffering-dd- No growth in fear-dd- No relief in hate-dd- It’s just a waste of perfectly good happiness-dd- Katerina Stoykova Klemer . Let us not look back in anger or forward in fear, but around in awareness-dd- James Thurber . Hope is the only thing stronger than fear-dd- Robert Ludlum . Fear can hold you prisoner-dd- Hope can set you free-dd- Stephen King . The only known antidote to fear is faith-dd- Woodrow Kroll . Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . There is no hope unmingled with fear, and no fear unmingled with hope-dd- Baruch Spinoza . When we free ourselves from indulging the passions of fear and hope, we increase our power in each moment as we improve our character-dd- Stephen Hanselman . Hope is generally regarded as good-dd- Fear is generally regarded as bad-dd- To a Stoic like Hecato, they are the same — both are projections into the future about things we do not control-dd- Both are the enemy of this present moment that you are actually in-dd- Ryan Holiday . It’s not about overcoming our fears but understanding that both hope and fear contain a dangerous amount of want and worry in them-dd- And, sadly, the want is what causes the worry-dd- Ryan Holiday . In all things it’s better to hope than to despair-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . We promise according to our hopes and perform according to our fears-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . Fear is the most subtle and destructive of all human diseases-dd- Fear kills dreams and hope-dd- Les Brown . Fear is the fastest growing industry of our age-dd- The media, Internet, and politics all grow through fear-dd- Out best hopes is the trust and faith we place in our leaders and mentors-dd- Scott Edward Cunningham . Let me not beg for the stilling of my pain but for the heart to conquer it-dd- Let me not look for allies in life’s battlefield but to my own strength-dd- Let me not crave in anxious fear to be saved but hope for the patience to win my freedom-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . While your life is the true expression of your faith, whom can you fear-qq- Julia Ward Howe . Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid-dd- John 14:27 . As one whom his mother comforts, so I will comfort you-dd- Isaiah 66:13 . Fear not, for I am with you; be not dismayed, for I am your God-dd- I will strengthen you, yes, I will help you, I will uphold you with my righteous right hand-dd- Isaiah 41:10 . When I am afraid, I put my trust in you-dd- Psalm 56:3 . The lord is with me; I will not be afraid-dd- What can mere mortals do to me-qq- Psalm 118:6 . Even though I walk through the darkest valley,I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me-dd- Psalm 23:4 . There is no fear in love-dd- But perfect love drives out fear, because fear has to do with punishment-dd- The one who fears is not made perfect in love-dd- 1 John 4:18 . Peace I leave with you; my peace I give you-dd- I do not give to you as the world gives-dd- Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid-dd- John 14:27 . For God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind-dd- 2 Timothy 1:7 . Have I not commanded you-qq- Be strong and courageous-dd- Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged, for the lord your God will be with you wherever you go-dd- Joshua 1:9 . Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself-dd- Each day has enough trouble of its own-dd- Matthew 6:34 . Jesus told him, ‘Don’t be afraid; just believe’-dd- Mark 5:36 . An anxious heart weighs a man down, but a kind word cheers him up-dd- Proverbs 12:25 . Meet your fears with faith-dd- Max Lucado . Fear of things invisible is the natural seed of that which everyone in himself calleth religion-dd- Thomas Hobbes . All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . In the darkest of nights cling to the assurance that God loves you, that He always has advice for you, a path that you can tread and a solution to your problem–and you will experience that which you believe-dd- God never disappoints anyone who places his trust in Him-dd- Basilea Schlink . Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself-dd- And that no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dreams, because every second of the search is a second’s encounter with God and with eternity-dd- Paulo Coelho (The Alchemist) . There will always be someone willing to hurt you, put you down, gossip about you, belittle your accomplishments and judge your soul-dd- It is a fact that we all must face-dd- However, if you realize that God is a best friend that stands beside you when others cast stones you will never be afraid, never feel worthless and never feel alone-dd- Shannon Alder . The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God-dd- Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be and that God wishes to see people happy, amidst the simple beauty of nature-dd- Anne Frank . Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear-dd- Thomas Jefferson . I will not fear, for you are ever with me, and you will never leave me to face my perils alone-dd- Thomas Merton . The presence of hope in the invincible sovereignty of God drives out fear-dd- John Piper . You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Fear and suspicion won’t help us live together-dd- We have to cultivate warm-heartedness-dd- Dalai Lama . The first reaction to truth is hatred-dd- Tertullian . Hatred is blind, as well as love-dd- Oscar Wilde . The jealous are troublesome to others, but a torment to themselves-dd- William Penn . A man who is not afraid is not aggressive, a man who has no sense of fear of any kind is really a free, a peaceful man-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Once your mind is calm and full of love, there is no room for hatred or fear-dd- Others will trust you because of your open heart-dd- Dalai Lama . While many people consider sensory experience as the main source of happiness, really it is peace of mind-dd- What destroys peace of mind is anger, hatred, anxiety and fear-dd- Kindness counters this — and through appropriate education we can learn to tackle such emotions-dd- Dalai Lama . Anger and hatred lead to fear; compassion and concern for others allow us to develop self-confidence, which breeds trust and friendship-dd- Dalai Lama . It is fear that is the great cause of misery in the world-dd- It is fear that is the greatest of all superstitions-dd- It is the fear that is the cause of our woes, and it is fearlessness that brings heaven in a moment-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Jealousy is the fear of comparison-dd- Max Frisch . Feelings like disappointment, embarrassment, irritation, resentment, anger, jealousy, and fear, instead of being bad news, are actually very clear moments that teach us where it is that we’re holding back-dd- They teach us to perk up and lean in when we feel we’d rather collapse and back away-dd- They’re like messengers that show us, with terrifying clarity, exactly where we’re stuck-dd- This very moment is the perfect teacher, and, lucky for us, it’s with us wherever we are-dd- Pema Chödrön . Our real enemy is not man; it’s not another human being-dd- Our real enemy is our ignorance, discrimination, fear, craving, and violence-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Hate is a disease-dd- It is fear’s messenger and it makes us do terrible things in a shadow of our better selves, of what we could be-dd- Colin Farrell . Fear of something is at the root of hate for others, and hate within will eventually destroy the hater-dd- George Washington Carver . Hate is not the first enemy of love-dd- Fear is-dd- It destroys your ability to trust-dd- Unknown . If you hate a person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself-dd- What isn’t part of ourselves doesn’t disturb us-dd- Hermann Hesse . Jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius-dd- Fulton J-dd- Sheen . To be furious, is to be frighted out of fear-dd- William Shakespeare . Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace-dd- Where there is hatred, let me sow love-dd- Francis of Assisi . When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears-dd- Tony Robbins . We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Gratitude looks to the Past and love to the Present; fear, avarice, lust, and ambition look ahead-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . I believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Fear and suspicion won’t help us live together-dd- We have to cultivate warm-heartedness-dd- Dalai Lama . On a mental level kindness and compassion give rise to lasting joy-dd- They reduce fear-dd- Dalai Lama . There are two basic motivating forces: fear and love-dd- When we are afraid, we pull back from life-dd- When we are in love, we open to all that life has to offer with passion, excitement, and acceptance-dd- We need to learn to love ourselves first, in all our glory and our imperfections-dd- If we cannot love ourselves, we cannot fully open to our ability to love others or our potential to create-dd- Evolution and all hopes for a better world rest in the fearlessness and open-hearted vision of people who embrace life-dd- John Lennon . Gratitude eliminates fear, worry, grief, and depression, and brings happiness, kindness, compassion, understanding, and peace of mind-dd- Rhonda Byrne (The Secret) . It’s easy to take off your clothes and have sex-dd- People do it all the time-dd- But opening up your soul to someone, letting then into your spirit, thoughts, fears, future, hopes, dreams… that is being naked-dd- Rob Bell . Our interactions with one another reflect a dance between love and fear-dd- Ram Dass . Watch how your mind judges-dd- Judgment comes, in part, out of your own fear-dd- You judge other people because you’re not comfortable in your own being-dd- By judging, you find out where you stand in relation to other people-dd- Ram Dass . Many of us have fear-dd- Fear of loving too much, and the fear and the pain of loving when you know there will be loss – and then when there is loss, there is of course deep grief-dd- Ram Dass . Love is our true nature, but as we have seen, it is covered over by a protective layer of fear-dd- Jack Kornfield . We want to be free-dd- Deep down we know this is true-dd- We want to be released from fear and worry, not confined by judgments-dd- We want to allow ourselves to trust, love, express ourselves, and be happy-dd- Jack Kornfield . Love is the only power great enough to overcome greed and anger, violence and fear-dd- Jack Kornfield . Of course I’ll hurt you-dd- Of course you’ll hurt me-dd- Of course we will hurt each other-dd- But this is the very condition of existence-dd- To become spring, means accepting the risk of winter-dd- To become presence, means accepting the risk of absence-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupéry . Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear-dd- Albert Camus . Better to have others depend on you out of fear of the consequences of losing you than out of love of your company-dd- Robert Greene . Fear you can control; love, never-dd- Depending on an emotion as subtle and changeable as love or friendship will only make you insecure-dd- Robert Greene . Compassion reduces our fear, boosts our confidence, and opens us to inner strength-dd- Dalai Lama . Love is everything it’s cracked up to be… it really is worth fighting for, being brave for, risking everything for-dd- And the trouble is, if you don’t risk anything, your risk is even greater-dd- Erica Jong . Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner-dd- Lao Tzu . The fear of rejection prevents connection, and the only way to get rid of fear is to do the thing you fear the most-dd- Rich Warren . Inside us there lie a mountain of fear and a deep river of grief-dd- But there is also the compassionate eye witnessing your inner landscape-dd- Haemin Sunim . Human beings are funny-dd- They long to be with the person they love but refuse to admit openly-dd- Some are afraid to show even the slightest sign of affection because of fear-dd- Fear that their feelings may not be recognized, or even worst, returned-dd- Sigmund Freud . Hate is not the first enemy of love-dd- Fear is-dd- It destroys your ability to trust-dd- Unknown . Maybe there’s something you’re afraid to say, or someone you’re afraid to love, or somewhere you’re afraid to go-dd- It’s gonna hurt-dd- It’s gonna hurt because it matters-dd- John Green . The chains of love are stronger than the chains of fear-dd- William Gurnall . If fear is the great enemy of intimacy, love is its true friend-dd- Henri Nouwen . Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate-dd- Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure-dd- It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us-dd- We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, and fabulous-qq- Actually, who are you not to be-qq- You are a child of God-dd- Your playing small does not serve the world-dd- There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people will not feel insecure around you-dd- We are all meant to shine, as children do-dd- We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us-dd- It is not just in some of us; it is in everyone and as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give others permission to do the same-dd- As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others-dd- Marianne Williamson . World peace begins with inner peace-dd- Dalai Lama . The world is now too small for anything but brotherhood-dd- Arthur Powell Davies . Love is the purest form of a soul at peace-dd- Matthew Donnelly . Do your little bit of good where you are; its those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world-dd- Desmond Tutu (Nobel Peace Prize 1984) . If you want peace, you don’t talk to your friends-dd- You talk to your enemies-dd- Desmond Tutu . When you make peace with yourself, you make peace with the world-dd- Maha Ghosananda . I do not want the peace that passeth understanding-dd- I want the understanding which bringeth peace-dd- Helen Keller . Little people are intolerant, selfish and impatient-dd- Wise people are calm, loving and understanding-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Why can’t people just sit and read books and be nice to each other-qq- David Baldacci . When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace-dd- Jimi Hendrix . Peace begins with a smile-dd- Mother Teresa . Peace in ourselves, peace in the world-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Don’t gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold-dd- Bob Marley . You can’t shake hands with a clenched fist-dd- Indira Gandhi . First keep the peace within yourself, then you can also bring peace to others-dd- Thomas a Kempis . We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves-dd- Dalai Lama . An eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Peace, which costs nothing, is attended with with infinitely more advantage than any victory with all its expense-dd- Thomas Paine . If there must be trouble let it be in my day, that my child may have peace-dd- Thomas Paine . If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there’d be peace-dd- John Lennon . You can’t separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom-dd- Malcolm X . To forgive is the highest, most beautiful form of love-dd- In return, you will receive untold peace and happiness-dd- Robert Muller . True peace is not merely the absence of tension: it is the presence of justice-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If we ourselves remain angry and then sing world peace, it has little meaning-dd- First, our individual self must learn peace-dd- This we can practice-dd- Then we can teach the rest of the world-dd- Dalai Lama . I am not only a pacifist but a militant pacifist-dd- I am willing to fight for peace-dd- Nothing will end war unless the people themselves refuse to go to war-dd- Albert Einstein . I have come into this world to see this: the sword drop from men’s hands even at the height of their arc of rage because we have finally realized there is just one flesh we can wound-dd- Hafiz of Persia . Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace-dd- Amelia Earhart . There is a higher court than courts of justice, and that is the court of conscience-dd- It supersedes all other courts-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you-dd- Deepak Chopra . Let us bring equality, justice, and peace for all-dd- Not just the politicians and the world leaders, we all need to contribute-dd- Me-dd- You-dd- It is our duty-dd- Malala Yousafzai (Nobel Prize Winner 2014) . You cannot find peace by avoiding life-dd- Virginia Woolf . Make peace with your broken pieces-dd- Unknown . Worrying does not take away tomorrow’s troubles, it takes away today’s peace-dd- Unknown . There is no way to peace, peace is the way-dd- A-dd-J-dd- Muste . You were placed on this earth to create not to compete-dd- Robert Anthony . Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow-dd- Melody Beattie . Working for peace in the future is to work for peace in the present moment-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . The practice of peace and reconciliation is one of the most vital and artistic of human actions-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . The world is a dangerous place to live; not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don’t do anything about it-dd- Albert Einstein . Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding-dd- Albert Einstein . Peace is not only better than war, but infinitely more arduous-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Peace is not achieved by controlling nations, but mastering our thoughts-dd- John Harricharan (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Peace is not the absence of war but the presence of justice-dd- Harrison Ford . Peace is not the absence of war; it is a virtue; a state of mind; a disposition for benevolence; confidence; and justice-dd- Baruch Spinoza . Peace is a daily, a weekly, a monthly process, gradually changing opinions, slowly eroding old barriers, quietly building new structures-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Peace is costly but it is worth the expense-dd- African proverb . Peace is the only battle worth waging-dd- Albert Camus . If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other-dd- Mother Teresa (Nobel Peace Prize 1979) . There never was a good war or a bad peace-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Peace cannot be achieved through violence, it can only be attained through understanding-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I believe our sorrow can make us a better country-dd- I believe our righteous anger can be transformed into more justice and more peace-dd- Barack Obama (Nobel Peace Prize 2009) . Peace comes from within-dd- Do not seek it without-dd- Buddha . If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy-dd- Then he becomes your partner-dd- Nelson Mandela (Nobel Peace Prize 1993) . No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin, or his background, or his religion-dd- People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite-dd- Nelson Mandela . I was a drum major for peace-dd- Martin Luther King Jr (Nobel Peace Prize 1964) . There is something strangely inconsistent about a nation and a press that would praise you when you say, ‘Be nonviolent toward Jim Clark,’ but will curse and damn you when you say, ‘Be nonviolent toward little brown Vietnamese children-dd-’ There is something wrong with that press-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Some people call me the girl who was shot by the Taliban-dd- And some, the girl who fought for her rights-dd- Malala Yousafzai (Nobel Peace Prize 2014) . There is no greater violence than to deny the dreams of our children-dd- Kailash Satyarthi (Nobel Peace Prize 2014) . The biggest challenge or biggest crisis knocking on the doors of humankind is fear and intolerance-dd- Kailash Satyarhi (Nobel Peace Prize 2014) . I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones-dd- Albert Einstein . If the human race wishes to have a prolonged and indefinite period of material prosperity, they have only got to behave in a peaceful and helpful way toward one another-dd- Winston Churchill . Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . It is an unfortunate fact that we can secure peace only by preparing for war-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . The care of human life and happiness, and not their destruction, is the first and only object of good government-dd- Thomas Jefferson . We will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other’s children-dd- Jimmy Carter . No, I know all the war rhetoric, but it’s all aimed at achieving peace-dd- George W-dd- Bush . There is nothing so likely to produce peace as to be well prepared to meet the enemy-dd- George Washington . If they want peace, nations should avoid the pin-pricks that precede cannon shots-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Part 1-dd- I believe that to meet the challenges of our times, human beings will have to develop a greater sense of universal responsibility-dd- Dalai Lama (Real name is Tenzin Gyatso, Nobel Peace Prize 1989) . Part 2-dd- Each of us must learn to work not just for oneself, one’s own family or nation, but for the benefit of all humankind-dd- Universal responsibility is the key to human survival-dd- It is the best foundation for world peace-dd- Dalai Lama . Peace by persuasion has a pleasant sound, but I think we should not be able to work it-dd- We should have to tame the human race first, and history seems to show that that cannot be done-dd- Mark Twain . Non-cooperation is a measure of discipline and sacrifice, and it demands respect for the opposite views-dd- Mahatma Gandhi (Nominated 5 times for Nobel Peace Prize) . Nobody can hurt me without my permission-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . But only art and music have the power to bring peace-dd- Yoko Ono . Imagine all the people living life in peace-dd- You may say I’m a dreamer, but I’m not the only one-dd- I hope someday you’ll join us, and the world will live as one-dd- John Lennon . All we are saying is give peace a chance-dd- John Lennon . Peace is every step-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Peace is its own reward-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Peace begins when expectation ends-dd- Sri Chinmoy . Dream always of a peaceful, warless, disarmed world-dd- Robert Muller . We make war that we may live in peace-dd- Aristotle . #PeaceDay should be everyday-dd- Michael Douglas (UN Messenger of Peace) . Do not let the behavior of others destroy your inner peace-dd- Dalai Lama . Every drop in the ocean counts-dd- Yoko Ono . Peace without justice is an impossibility-dd- Desmond Tutu (Nobel Peace Prize 1984) . Love is my weapon-dd- Music is my religion-dd- Peace is in my soul-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . I am centered-dd- I am balanced-dd- I am at peace-dd- Unknown . Life is much easier when you just chill out-dd- Unknown . Peace is never a perfect achievement-dd- Kofi Annan (Nobel Peace Prize 2001) . I, too, am America-dd- Langston Hughes . Peace is our gift to each other-dd- Elie Wiesel (Nobel Peace Prize 1986) . Human suffering anywhere concerns men and women everywhere-dd- Elie Wiesel . One little person, giving all of her time to peace, makes news-dd- Many people, giving some of their time, can make history-dd- Peace Pilgrim . Everyday we do things, we are things that have to do with peace-dd- If we are aware of our life…, our way of looking at things, we will know how to make peace right in the moment, we are alive-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . You who are journalists, writers, citizens, you have the right and duty to say to those you have elected that they must practice mindfulness, calm and deep listening, and loving speech-dd- This is universal thing, taught by all religions-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh (See his excellent book Peace Is Every Step on Amazon) . A civilized nation can have no enemies, and one cannot draw a line across a map, a line that doesn’t even exist in nature and say that the ugly enemy lives on the one side, and good friends live on the other-dd- Thor Heyerdahl . Peace has to be created, in order to be maintained-dd- It is the product of faith, strength, energy, will, sympathy, justice, imagination, and the triumph of principle-dd- It will never be achieved by passivity and quietism-dd- Dorothy Thompson . Part 1-dd- Peace is the highest and most strenuous act of the soul, but an entirely harmonious act, in which all our powers and affections are blending in a beautiful proportion, and sustain and perfect one another-dd- William Ellery Channing . Part 2-dd- It is more than the silence after storms-dd- It is as the concord of all melodious sounds… an alliance of love with all beings, a sympathy with all that is pure and happy, a surrender of every separate will and interest, a participation of the spirit and life of the universe… William Ellery Channing . Part 3-dd- This is peace, and the true happiness of humanity-dd- William Ellery Channing . If not now, then when-qq- If not you, then who-qq- If we are able to answer these fundamental questions, then perhaps we can wipe away the blot of human slavery-dd- Kailash Satyarthi (Nobel Peace Prize 2014) . We who work for peace must not falter-dd- We must continue to pray for peace and to act for peace in whatever way we can, we must continue to speak for peace and to live the way of peace; to inspire others, we must continue to think of peace and to know that peace is possible-dd- Peace Pilgrim . The great teachings unanimously emphasize that all the peace, wisdom, and joy in the universe are already within us; we don’t have to gain, develop, or attain them-dd- We’re like a child standing in a beautiful park with his eyes shut tight-dd- We don’t need to imagine trees, flowers, deer, birds, and sky; we merely need to open our eyes and realize what is already here, who we really are – as soon as we quit pretending we’re small or unholy-dd- Bo Lozoff . The greatest personalities that ever existed have been those who united human beings and put them on the road toward cooperation and effectiveness and peace-dd- Those whom the world has held highest have helped to unite and not sever interconnectedness-dd- They have not been the destroyers of differences but the harmonizer of differences-dd- John Lovejoy Elliott . Choose-dd- The single clenched fist lifted and ready, or the open hand held out and waiting-dd- Choose: For we meet by one or the other-dd- Carl Sandburg . Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Barbecue may not be the road to world peace, but it’s a start-dd- Anthony Bourdain . Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity-dd- George Carlin . Perpetual peace is only found in the graveyard-dd- Immanuel Kant . Dogs are our link to paradise-dd- They don’t know evil or jealousy or discontent-dd- To sit with a dog on a hillside on a glorious afternoon is to be back in Eden, where doing nothing was not boring – it was peace-dd- Milan Kundera . While conscience is our friend, all is at peace; however once it is offended, farewell to a tranquil mind-dd- Lady Mary Wortley Montagu . For peace of mind, resign as general manager of the Universe-dd- Larry Eisenberg . There is peace in the garden-dd- Peace and results-dd- Ruth Stout . I first learned the concepts of non-violence in my marriage-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Peace is the virtue of civilization-dd- War is its crime-dd- Victor Hugo . In peace the sons bury their fathers, but in war the fathers bury their sons-dd- Croesus . Never, ‘for the sake of peace and quiet,’ deny your own experience or convictions-dd- Dag Hammarskjold . Let us not deceive ourselves; we must elect world peace or world destruction-dd- Bernard Baruch . There can be no vulnerability without risk; there can be no community without vulnerability; there can be no peace, and ultimately no life, without community-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . When I say it’s you I like, I’m talking about that part of you that knows that life is far more than anything you can ever see or hear or touch-dd- That deep part of you that allows you to stand for those things without which humankind cannot survive-dd- Love that conquers hate, peace that rises triumphant over war, and justice that proves more powerful than greed-dd- Fred Rogers . The opposite of peace is indifference to both peace and war—indifference to hunger and persecution, to imprisonment and humiliation, indifference to torture and persecution-dd- Elie Wiesel . One day we must come to see that peace is not merely a distant goal we seek, but that it is a means by which we arrive at that goal-dd- We must pursue peaceful ends through peaceful means-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . The earth is too small a star and we too brief a visitor upon it for anything to matter more than the struggle for peace-dd- Colman McCarthy . Is it not better for a man to die for a cause in which he believes, such as peace, than to suffer for a cause in which he does not believe, such as war-qq- Albert Einstein . They have not wanted Peace at all; they have wanted to be spared war – as though the absence of war was the same as peace-dd- Dorothy Thompson . You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Ultimately the only peace and security you can hope for from your enemies is their disappearance-dd- Robert Greene . Conflict is inevitable; you will never have total peace-dd- Robert Greene . When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you-dd- African proverb . While you are proclaiming peace with your lips, be careful to have it even more fully in your heart-dd- Francis of Assisi . One is left with the horrible feeling now that war settles nothing; that to win a war is as disastrous as to lose one-dd- Agatha Christie . If I have been of service, if I have glimpsed more of the nature and essence of ultimate good, if I am inspired to reach wider horizons of thought and action, if I am at peace with myself, it has been a successful day-dd- Alex Noble . Those who are at war with others are not at peace with themselves-dd- William Hazlitt . We are not going to deal with the violence in our communities, our homes, and our nation, until we learn to deal with the basic ethic of how we resolve our disputes and to place an emphasis on peace in the way we relate to one another-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . We have two ears and one mouth, so we should listen more than we say-dd- Zeno of Citium . Everyone’s a pacifist between wars-dd- It’s like being a vegetarian between meals-dd- Colman McCarthy . Thou hast made us for thyself, O Lord, and our heart is restless until it finds its rest in thee-dd- Augustine of Hippo . It’s time for us to turn to each other, not on each other-dd- Jesse Jackson . Dad, how do soldiers killing each other solve the world’s problems-qq- Bill Watterson, Calvin and Hobbes . Be selective in your battles-dd- Sometimes peace is better than being right-dd- Unknown . Either war is obsolete or men are-dd- R-dd- Buckminster Fuller . In union there is strength-dd- Aesop . Respect for the rights of others means peace-dd- Benito Juarez . I believe in the brotherhood of all men, but I don’t believe in wasting brotherhood on anyone who doesn’t want to practice it with me-dd- Brotherhood is a two-way street-dd- Malcolm X . We seek peace, knowing that peace is the climate of freedom-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . Peace begins with tolerance and respect for everyone-dd- Unknown . There is no force that can put an end to the human quest for freedom-dd- Liu Xiaobo (Nobel Peace Prize 2010) . You can have peace-dd- Or you can have freedom-dd- Don’t ever count on having both at once-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Almost all of us long for peace and freedom; but very few of us have much enthusiasm for the thoughts, feelings, and actions that make for peace and freedom-dd- Aldous Huxley . There is in this world no such force as the force of a person determined to rise-dd- The human soul cannot be permanently chained-dd- W-dd- E-dd- B-dd- DuBois . Human beings, indeed all sentient beings, have the right to pursue happiness and live in peace and freedom-dd- Dalai Lama . Peace can only last where human rights are respected, where the people are fed, and where individuals and nations are free-dd- Dalai Lama . The well-being and the hopes of the peoples of the world can never be served until peace – as well as freedom, honor and self-respect – is secure-dd- Ralph J-dd- Bunche . Brotherhood is the very price and condition of man’s survival-dd- Carlos P-dd- Romulo . On this shrunken globe, men can no longer live as strangers-dd- Adlai Stevenson I . Every soul is beautiful and precious; is worthy of dignity and respect, and deserving or peace, joy and love-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . The universal brotherhood of man is our most precious possession-dd- Mark Twain . Help one another is part of the religion of our sisterhood-dd- Louisa May Alcott . Nobody’s free until everybody’s free-dd- Fannie Lou Hamer . Every act of love is a work of peace no matter how small-dd- Mother Teresa . Whenever you are confronted with an opponent-dd- Conquer him with love-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . That’s all nonviolence is – organized love-dd- Joan Baez . Every human longs for peace and love-dd- Hiawatha . If someone thinks that love and peace is a cliché that must have been left behind in the Sixties, that’s his problem-dd- Love and peace are eternal-dd- John Lennon . Hatred paralyzes life; love releases it-dd- Hatred confuses life; love harmonizes it-dd- Hatred darkens life; love illuminates it-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . In recognizing the humanity of our fellow beings, we pay ourselves the highest tribute-dd- Thurgood Marshall . Without justice and love, peace will always be the great illusion-dd- Archbishop Helder Pessoa Camara . Love and peace of mind do protect us-dd- They allow us to overcome the problems that life hands us-dd- They teach us to survive… to live now… to have the courage to confront each day-dd- Bernie Siegel . Forgive others, not because they deserve forgiveness, but because you deserve peace-dd- Jonathan Lockwood Huie . When you forgive, you in no way change the past – but you sure do change the future-dd- Bernard Meltzer . Love – giving and receiving from the heart – involves peace-dd- Richard Carlson . Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace-dd- Where there is hatred, let me sow love-dd- Francis of Assisi . Forgiveness says you are given another chance to make a new beginning-dd- Desmond Tutu (Nobel Peace Prize 1984) . The greatest degree of inner tranquility comes from the development of love and compassion-dd- The more we care for the happiness of others, the greater is our own sense of well-being-dd- Dalai Lama . When we feel love and kindness towards others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace-dd- Dalai Lama . Compassion is more important than intellect in calling forth the love that the work of peace needs, and intuition can often be a far more powerful searchlight than cold reason-dd- Betty Williams . Harmony is one phase of the law whose spiritual expression is love-dd- James Allen . Smile creates love and peace; love and peace create smile-dd- Mehmet Murat Ildan . We do not want riches, we want peace and love-dd- Red Cloud . I still believe in peace, love and understanding-dd- John Lennon . He knows peace who has forgotten desire-dd- Bhagavad Gita . Anything is possible when you have inner peace-dd- Master Shifu (Kung Fu Panda) . What I dream of is an art of balance-dd- Henri Matisse . Never be in a hurry; do everything quietly and in a calm spirit-dd- Do not lose your inner peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset-dd- St-dd- Francis de Sales . Simple kindness may be the most vital key to the riddle of how human beings can live with each other in peace, and care properly for this planet we all share-dd- Bo Lozoff . It’s so hard to forget pain, but it’s even harder to remember sweetness-dd- We have no scar to show for happiness-dd- We learn so little from peace-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Until you make peace with who you are, you’ll never be content with what you have-dd- Doris Mortman . Every morning, when we wake up, we have twenty-four brand-new hours to live-dd- What a precious gift-xx- We have the capacity to live in a way that these twenty-four hours will bring peace, joy, and happiness to ourselves and others-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . A great deal of chaos in the world occurs because people don’t appreciate themselves-dd- Having never developed sympathy or gentleness toward themselves, they cannot experience harmony or peace within themselves, and therefore, what they project to others is also inharmonious and confused-dd- Chogyam Trungpa . When you find peace within yourself, you become the kind of person who can live at peace with others-dd- Peace Pilgrim . Meditation is applying mindfulness without feelings of being hurried or under pressure-dd- Christopher Titmuss . Each one has to find his peace from within-dd- And peace to be real must be unaffected by outside circumstances-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . You find peace not by rearranging the circumstances of your life, but by realizing who you are at the deepest level-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Those who have experienced the most, have suffered so much that they have ceased to hate-dd- Hate is more for those with a slightly guilty conscience, and who by chewing on old hate in times of peace wish to demonstrate how great they were during the war-dd- Thor Heyerdahl . People spend a lifetime searching for happiness; looking for peace-dd- They chase idle dreams, addictions, religions, even other people, hoping to fill the emptiness that plagues them-dd- The irony is the only place they ever needed to search was within-dd- Ramona L-dd- Anderson . Gratitude is one of the sweet shortcuts to finding peace of mind and happiness inside-dd- No matter what is going on outside of us, there’s always something we could be grateful for-dd- Barry Neil Kaufman . Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind-dd- Christian Larson . Balance, peace, and joy are the fruit of a successful life-dd- It starts with recognizing your talents and finding ways to serve others by using them-dd- Thomas Kinkade . The calm and balanced mind is the strong and great mind; the hurried and agitated mind is the weak one-dd- Wallace D-dd- Wattles . Live life in harmony-dd- Balance the elements of life around you to live in peace-dd- Let your worries go-dd- Do not stress over things you cannot control-dd- Live and be-dd- Jenna Bognar . Inner peace is the key: if you have inner peace, the external problems do not affect your deep sense of peace and tranquility-dd- In that state of mind you can deal with situations with calmness and reason, while keeping your inner happiness-dd- This is very important-dd- Without this inner peace, no matter how comfortable your life is materially, you may still be worried, disturbed or unhappy because of circumstances-dd- Dalai Lama . True peace with oneself and with the world around us can only be achieved through the development of mental peace-dd- The other phenomena mentioned above are similarly interrelated-dd- Dalai Lama . Grudges are for those who insist that they are owed something; forgiveness, however, is for those who are substantial enough to move on-dd- Criss Jami . When you do the right thing, you get the feeling of peace and serenity associated with it-dd- Do it again and again-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Symptoms of Inner Peace: 1) A tendency to think and act spontaneously rather than on fears based on past experience 2) An unmistakable ability to enjoy each moment 3) A loss of interest in judging other people 4) A loss of interest in judging self-dd- Saskia Davis . Success is peace of mind which is a direct result of knowing u did your best to become the best that u are capable of being-dd- John Wooden . The answer lies within ourselves-dd- If we can’t find peace and happiness there, it’s not going to come from the outside-dd- Tenzin Palmo . Never waste valuable time, or mental peace of mind, on the affairs of others—that is too high a price to pay-dd- Robert Greene . Happiness is not a matter of intensity but of balance and order and rhythm and harmony-dd- Thomas Merton . It’s important to be comfortable with uncertainty-dd- Xiaolu Guo . There is a calmness to a life lived in gratitude, a quiet joy-dd- Ralph H-dd- Blum . The balance of power is the scale of peace-dd- Thomas Paine . We do not need guns and bombs to bring peace, we need love and compassion-dd- Mother Teresa . It’s my conviction that nothing enduring can be built on violence-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Establishing lasting peace is the work of education; all politics can do is keep us out of war-dd- Maria Montessori . Nothing is more precious than peace-dd- Peace is the most basic starting point for the advancement of humankind-dd- Daisaku Ikeda . We must always take sides-dd- Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim-dd- Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented-dd- Elie Wiesel . We cannot have peace if we are only concerned with peace-dd- War is not an accident-dd- It is the logical outcome of a certain way of life-dd- If we want to attack war, we have to attack that way of life-dd- A-dd- J-dd- Muste . Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that-dd- Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Even if we are spared destruction by war, our lives will have to change if we want to save life from self-destruction-dd- Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn . The real and lasting victories are those of peace, and not of war-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . One doesn’t make peace with one’s friends-dd- One makes peace with one’s enemies-dd- Juan Manuel Santos (Nobel Peace Prize 2016) . Every thought, every word, and every action that adds to the positive and the wholesome is a contribution to peace-dd- Each and every one of us is capable of making such a contribution-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi (Nobel Peace Prize 1991) . We tend to think the problem is human beings have this natural tendency to kill, and yet in the middle of a hot war, WWII, a ‘good war,’ as it were, the US army was astonished to learn that at least three out of every four riflemen who were trained to kill and commanded to kill, could not bring themselves to pull the trigger when they could see the person they were ordered to kill-dd- And that inner resistance to violence is a well kept secret-dd- William Ury . It isn’t enough to talk about peace-dd- One must believe in it-dd- And it isn’t enough to believe in it-dd- One must work at it-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Brute force, no matter how strongly applied, can never subdue the basic human desire for freedom-dd- Dalai Lama . I am not only a pacifist but a militant pacifist-dd- I am willing to fight for peace-dd- Nothing will end war unless the people themselves refuse to go to war-dd- Albert Einstein . There are two ways of resisting war: the legal way and the revolutionary way-dd- The legal way involves the offer of alternatinve service not as a privilege for a few but as a right for all-dd- The revolutionary view involves an uncompromising resistance, with a view to breaking the power of militarism in time of peace or the resources of the state in time of war-dd- Albert Einstein . We must be prepared to make the same heroic sacrifices for the cause of peace that we make ungrudgingly for the cause of war-dd- Albert Einstein . The pioneers of a warless world are the young men (and women) who refuse military service-dd- Albert Einstein . All roads are good, if they lead to justice-dd- Stefan Zweig . When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Nonviolence is the first article of my faith-dd- It is also the last article of my creed-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Peace may sound simple – one beautiful word – but it requires everything we have, every quality, every strength, every dream, every high ideal-dd- Yehudi Menuhin . Each time a man stands up for an ideal, or acts to improve the lot of others, or strikes out against injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . To solve the problem of organizing world peace we must establish world law and order-dd- Arthur Henderson . Let us not accept violence as the way of peace-dd- Let us instead begin by respecting true freedom: the resulting peace will be able to satisfy the world’s expectations, for it will be a peace built on justice, a peace founded on the incomparable dignity of the free human being-dd- Pope John Paul II . When we dehumanise and demonise our opponents, we abandon… possibility of peacefully resolving our differences-dd- Nelson Mandela . You cannot say you’ve achieved equality until everyone is equal and has equal opportunities-xx- Leymah Gbowee (Nobel Peace Prize 2011) . All who affirm the use of violence admit it is only a means to achieve justice and peace-dd- But peace and justice are nonviolence…the final end of history-dd- Those who abandon nonviolence have no sense of history-dd- Rather they are bypassing history, freezing history, betraying history-dd- Andre Trocme . Consumption patterns continue at the expense of the environment and peaceful co-existence-dd- The choice is ours-dd- Wangari Maathai . The peace and welfare of this and coming generations of Americans will be secure only as we cling to the watchword of true patriotism: “Our country — when right to be kept right; when wrong to be put right-dd- Carl Schurz . Peace is not the absence of conflict but the presence of creative alternatives for responding to conflict – alternatives to passive or aggressive responses, alternatives to violence-dd- Dorothy Thompson . The pursuit of peace and progress cannot end in a few years in either victory or defeat-dd- The pursuit of peace and progress, with its trials and its errors, its successes and its setbacks, can never be relaxed and never abandoned-dd- Dag Hammarskjold . Peace is a question of will-dd- All conflicts can be settled, and there are no excuses for allowing them to become eternal-dd- Martti Ahtisaari (Nobel Peace Prize 2008) . Today, peace means the ascent from simple coexistence to cooperation and common creativity among countries and nations-dd- Mikhail Gorbachev (Nobel Peace Prize 1990) . That idea of peace and love toward humanity shouldn’t be nationalistic or denominational-dd- It should be a chief concern for all mankind-dd- Mos Def . Peace can only last where human rights are respected, where the people are fed, and where individuals and nations are free-dd- Dalai Lama . What is important is that we each make a sincere effort to take our responsibility for each other and for the natural environment we live in seriously-dd- Dalai Lama . If there is love, there is hope that one may have real families, real brotherhood, real equanimity, real peace-dd- Dalai Lama . There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest-dd- Elie Wiesel . When we respect everybody around us, we are in peace with everybody around us-dd- Don Miguel Ruiz . Mankind must give up war in the Atomic Era-dd- What is at stake is the life or death of humanity-dd- Albert Einstein . He who cherishes the value of cultures cannot fail to be a pacifist-dd- Albert Einstein . If there is to be peace in the world, there must be peace in the nations-dd- If there is to be peace in the nations, there must be peace in the cities-dd- If there is to be peace in the cities, there must be peace between neighbors-dd- If there is to be peace between neighbors, there must be peace in the home-dd- If there is to be peace in the home, there must be peace in the heart-dd- Lao Tzu . Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better-dd- Albert Camus . The only real prison is fear, and the only real freedom is freedom from fear-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . No one outside ourselves can rule us inwardly-dd- When we know this, we become free-dd- Buddha . A man who believes in freedom will do anything under the sun to acquire, or preserve his freedom-dd- Malcolm X . Liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth-dd- George Washington . He only earns his freedom and his life who takes them every day by storm-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Everything that is really great and inspiring is created by the individual who can labor in freedom-dd- Albert Einstein . You can be a scared slave or you can be a brave human being-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Freedom (n-dd-): To ask nothing-dd- To expect nothing-dd- To depend on nothing-dd- Ayn Rand . Freedom lies in being bold-dd- Robert Frost . To enjoy freedom we have to control ourselves-dd- Virginia Woolf . Freedom, in any case, is only possible by constantly struggling for it-dd- Albert Einstein . I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death-xx- Patrick Henry . All the Men will be sailors then, until the sea shall free them-dd- Leonard Cohen . True freedom is always spiritual-dd- It has something to do with your innermost being, which cannot be chained, handcuffed, or put into a jail-dd- Rajneesh . For to be free is not merely to cast off one’s chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others-dd- Nelson Mandela . Liberty: One of imagination’s most precious possessions-dd- Ambrose Bierce . Here is my secret: I don’t mind what happens-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Better to die fighting for freedom then be a prisoner all the days of your life-dd- Bob Marley . Freedom is the will to be responsible to ourselves-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . In the truest sense, freedom cannot be bestowed; it must be achieved-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . I read somewhere… how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong… but to feel strong-dd- Christopher McCandless (Into The Wild movie) . Freedom is the oxygen of the soul-dd- Moshe Dayan . I don’t care whether you’re a top Wall Street banker, if somebody has to tell you when to be at work, what to wear, and how to behave, you’re not a free person-dd- Naval Ravikant . The English did not come to America from a mere love of adventure, nor to truck with or convert the savages, nor to hold offices under the crown, as the French to a great extent did, but to live in earnest and with freedom-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The freedom from something is not true freedom-dd- The freedom to do anything you want to do is also not the freedom I am talking about-dd- My vision of freedom is to be yourself-dd- Rajneesh . We anarchists do not want to emancipate the people; we want the people to emancipate themselves-dd- Errico Malatesta . Everything can be taken from a man but… the last of the human freedoms – to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way-dd- Victor Frankl . What country can preserve its liberties if its rulers are not warned from time to time that their people preserve the spirit of resistance-qq- Let them take arms-dd- Thomas Jefferson . The desire of gold is not for gold-dd- It is for the means of freedom and benefit-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . We must be free not because we claim freedom, but because we practice it-dd- William Faulkner . Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does-dd- Jean-Paul Sartre . The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion-dd- Albert Camus . For what avail the plough or sail, or land or life, if freedom fail-qq- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Letting go gives us freedom, and freedom is the only condition for happiness-dd- If, in our heart, we still cling to anything – anger, anxiety, or possessions – we cannot be free-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, in a state of civilization, it expects what never was and will never be-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Its beautiful to be alone-dd- To be alone does not mean to be lonely-dd- It means the mind is not influenced and contaminated by society-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . If you’re not ready to die for it, put the word ‘freedom’ out of your vocabulary-dd- Malcolm X . Who would be free themselves must strike the blow-dd- Better even to die free than to live slaves-dd- Frederick Douglass (This is one of my favorite freedom quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . What then is freedom-qq- The power to live as one wishes-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Freedom is the emancipation from the arbitrary rule of other men-dd- Mortimer Adler . Freedom is always at the beginning and not at the end-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Freedom is that instant between when someone tells you to do something and when you decide how to respond-dd- Jeffrey Borenstein . Freedom consists not in refusing to recognize anything above us, but in respecting something which is above us; for by respecting it, we raise ourselves to it, and, by our very acknowledgment, prove that we bear within ourselves what is higher, and are worthy to be on a level with it-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Freedom is not a gift bestowed upon us by other men, but a right that belongs to us by the laws of God and nature-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Freedom is not the right to live as we please, but the right to find how we ought to live in order to fulfill our potential-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Freedom – to walk free and own no superior-dd- Walt Whitman . My liberty depends on you being free, too-dd- Barack Obama . I would like to be remembered as a person who wanted to be free… so other people would be also free-dd- Rosa Parks . They who would give up an essential liberty for temporary security, deserve neither liberty or security-dd- Benjamin Franklin . No man is good enough to govern another man without his consent-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . When a man is denied the right to live the life he believes in, he has no choice but to become an outlaw-dd- Nelson Mandela . A part of fate is the freedom of man-dd- Forever wells up the impulse of choosing and acting in his soul-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . A discriminating irreverence is the creator and protector of human liberty-dd- Mark Twain . No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow-dd- Alice Walker . As soon as we left the ground, I knew I had to fly-dd- Amelia Earhart . No borders, just horizons – only freedom-dd- Amelia Earhart . We have no right to believe that freedom can be won without struggle-dd- Che Guevara . The rights of every man are diminished when the rights of one man are threatened-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery-qq- Forbid it, Almighty God-xx- Patrick Henry . You will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom-dd- I hope you will make a good use of it-dd- John Adams (Founding Fathers) . However weak our country may be, I hope we shall never sacrifice our liberties-dd- Alexander Hamilton (Founding Fathers) . Whoever would overthrow the liberty of a nation must begin by subduing the freeness of speech-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom – and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction-dd- We didn’t pass it to our children in the bloodstream-dd- It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same-dd- Ronald Reagan . Freedom has its life in the hearts, the actions, the spirit of men and so it must be daily earned and refreshed — else like a flower cut from its life-giving roots, it will wither and die-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . Let us not seek to satisfy our thirst for freedom by drinking from the cup of bitterness and hatred-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Every subject’s duty is the Kings, but every subject’s soul is his own-dd- William Shakespeare . It’s lovely to live on a raft-dd- We had the sky up there, all speckled with stars, and we used to lay on our backs and look up at them, and discuss about whether they was made or only just happened-dd- Mark Twain (The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn) . Part 1-dd- We catched fish and talked, and we took a swim now and then to keep off sleepiness-dd- Mark Twain (The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn) . Part 2-dd- It was kind of solemn, drifting down the big, still river, laying on our backs looking up at the stars, and we didn’t ever feel like talking loud, and it warn’t often that we laughed — only a little kind of a low chuckle-dd- Mark Twain (The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn) . Part 3-dd- We had mighty good weather as a general thing, and nothing ever happened to us at all — that night, nor the next, nor the next-dd- Mark Twain (The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn) . They may take away our lives, but they’ll never take our freedom-xx- William Wallace (Braveheart) . Freedom of teaching and of opinion in book or press is the foundation for the sound and natural development of any people-dd- Albert Einstein . I’m a big advocate of freedom: freedom of speech, freedom of expression, freedom of thought-dd- Jimmy Wales (co-founder of Wikipedia) . I have walked that long road to freedom-dd- I have tried not to falter; I have made missteps along the way-dd- But I have discovered the secret that after climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb-dd- I have taken a moment here to rest, to steal a view of the glorious vista that surrounds me, to look back on the distance I have come-dd- But I can only rest for a moment, for with freedom come responsibilities, and I dare not linger, for my long walk is not ended-dd- Nelson Mandela . That government is best which governs the least, because its people discipline themselves-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Science can flourish only in an atmosphere of free speech-dd- Albert Einstein . I prefer dangerous freedom over peaceful slavery-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Tame birds sing of freedom-dd- Wild birds fly-dd- John Lennon . I exist as I am, that is enough-dd- Walt Whitman . Freedom is the power to say no-dd- James Clear . The most courageous act is still to think for yourself-dd- Aloud-dd- Coco Chanel . Freedom begins between the ears-dd- Edward Abbey . Only the educated are free-dd- Epictetus . Man is born free, and everywhere he is in chains-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Without freedom there can be no morality-dd- Carl Jung . Man is free at the moment he wishes to be-dd- Voltaire . Freedom is dearer than bread or joy-dd- Jessie E-dd- Sampter . You can do anything you decide to do-dd- Amelia Earhart . The lure of flying is the lure of beauty-dd- Amelia Earhart . After you get your freedom, your enemy will respect you-dd- Malcolm X . Freedom is what you do with what’s been done to you-dd- Jean-Paul Sartre . Don’t quack like a duck… soar like an eagle-dd- Kenneth Blanchard . Freedom means choosing your burden-dd- Hephzibah Menuhin . Let freedom never perish in your hands-dd- Joseph Addison . Power is duty; freedom is responsibility-dd- Marie Dubsky . Freedom is the outside of the inside-dd- Joyce Carey . Life without liberty is like a body without spirit-dd- Kahlil Gibran . When I discover who I am, I’ll be free-dd- Ralph Ellison . On the other side of fear lies freedom-dd- Unknown . Sometimes what you’re most afraid of doing is the one thing that will set you free-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Freedom is not for the weak-dd- Tony Calderone . Slavery is the next thing to hell-dd- Harriet Tubman . You’ll be free or die-xx- Harriet Tubman . This is slavery, not to speak one’s thought-dd- Euripides . My vision of freedom is to be yourself-dd- Osho . The function of freedom is to free someone else-dd- Toni Morrison . The day you stop racing, is the day you win the race-dd- Bob Marley . My feet is my only carriage-dd- Bob Marley . It is your attachment that creates hell-dd- Rajneesh . Can you remember who you were before the world told you who you should be-qq- Unknown . If you cannot be free be as free as you can-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . He moves fastest who moves alone-dd- Milton Friedman . Resist much, obey little-dd- Walt Whitman . Without virtue there can be no liberty-dd- Benjamin Rush . To be free is to have achieved your life-dd- Tennessee Williams . The best freedom is being yourself-dd- Jim Morrison . Liberty is the first condition of growth-dd- Swami Vivekananda . The price of freedom is eternal vigilance-dd- Phil Plait . Merely to breathe freely does not mean to live-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Freedom exists only with power-dd- Friedrich Schiller . Knowledge makes a man unfit to be a slave-dd- Frederick Douglass (See also: education quotes) . Live free or die: Death is not the worst of evils-dd- General John Stark . Be – don’t try to become-dd- Osho . When you come to the point where you have no need to impress anybody, your freedom will begin-dd- Unknown . There are two freedoms – the false, where a man is free to do what he likes; the true, where he is free to do what he ought-dd- Charles Kingsley . I value freedom above anything else-dd- Freedom to do what I want, freedom from not doing what I don’t want to do, and freedom from my own reactions and emotions… things that may disturb my peace-dd- Naval Ravikant . Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call-dd- There is one direction in which all space is open to him-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . You always know the mark of a coward-dd- A coward hides behind freedom-dd- A brave person stands in front of freedom and defends it for others-dd- Henry Rollins . The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought-dd- Leon Blum . I believe in a vision of equality and justice and freedom and multi-racial democracy, built on the premise that all people are created equal, and they’re endowed by our creator with certain inalienable rights-dd- Barack Obama . You don’t have to be a man to fight for freedom-dd- All you have to do is to be an intelligent human being-dd- Malcolm X . You get your freedom by letting your enemy know that you’ll do anything to get it-dd- Then you’ll get it-dd- It’s the only way you’ll get it-dd- Malcolm X . The only way we’ll get freedom for ourselves is to identify ourselves with every oppressed people in the world-dd- We are blood brothers to the people of Brazil, Venezuela, Haiti, Cuba – yes Cuba too-dd- Malcolm X . Forget safety-dd- Live where you fear to live-dd- Destroy your reputation-dd- Be notorious-dd- Rumi . Liberty is the possibility of doubting, of making a mistake, of searching and experimenting, of saying no to any authority — literary, artistic, philosophical, religious, social, and even political-dd- Ignazio Silone . Our duty is to encourage every one in his struggle to live up to his own highest idea, and strive at the same time to make the ideal as near as possible to the Truth-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty-dd- The obedient must be slaves-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . In the last analysis, our only freedom is the freedom to discipline ourselves-dd- Bernard Baruch . The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free-dd- Baruch Spinoza . Everyone has oceans to fly, if they have the heart to do it-dd- Is it reckless-qq- Maybe-dd- But what do dreams know of boundaries-qq- Amelia Earhart . Strong-dd- You can do anything-dd- You can go anywhere-dd- Christopher McCandless (Into The Wild movie) . Part 1-dd- Don’t think in terms of comfort; think in terms of freedom-dd- Don’t think in terms of safety, think in terms of being more alive-dd- And the only way to be more alive is to live dangerously, is to risk, is to go on an adventure-dd- Rajneesh . Part 2-dd- And the greatest adventure is not going to the moon – the greatest adventure is going to your own innermost core-dd- Rajneesh . We are a nation of politicians, concerned about the outmost defenses only of freedom-dd- It is our children’s children who may perchance be really free-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The man who takes the liberty to live is superior to all the laws, by virtue of his relation to the lawmaker-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom-dd- Bob Dylan . When one door is closed-dd- Don’t you know what many more are open-dd- Bob Marley . Freedom of press is limited to those who own one-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . Any fool can make a rule, and any fool will mind it-dd- Henry David Thoreau . I may not agree with you, but I will defend to the death your right to make an ass of yourself-dd- Oscar Wilde . The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously-dd- Hubert H-dd- Humphrey . What do you suppose will satisfy the soul, except to walk free and own no superior-qq- Walt Whitman . Freedom is independence of the compulsory will of another-dd- Immanuel Kant . If there is no struggle, there is no progress-dd- Frederick Douglass . Most people want security in this world, not liberty-dd- H-dd-L-dd- Mencken . You have freedom when you’re easy in your harness-dd- Robert Frost . Nothing matters and that’s a good thing as it sets you free-dd- Naval Ravikant . Never trust the words of a man who is not free-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Freedom is not enough-dd- Lyndon B-dd- Johnson . The history of men’s opposition to women’s emancipation is more interesting perhaps than the story of that emancipation itself-dd- Virginia Woolf . Freeing yourself was one thing, claiming ownership of that freed self was another-dd- Toni Morrison . The fact, in short, is that freedom, to be meaningful in an organized society must consist of an amalgam of hierarchy of freedoms and restraints-dd- Samuel Hendel . Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom, must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it-dd- Thomas Paine . The law will never make a man free; it is men who have got to make the law free-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Men talk of freedom-xx- How many are free to think-qq- Free from fear, from perturbation, from prejudice-qq- Nine hundred and ninety-nine in a thousand are perfect slaves-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Free will carried many a soul to hell, but never a soul to heaven-dd- Charles Spurgeon . May we think of freedom, not as the right to do as we please, but as the opportunity to do what is right-dd- Peter Marshall . The whole world seems to live under the banner: “Freedom is wonderful – but only for me-dd-” Isaac Asimov . The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion-dd- Edmund Burke . The man who has no inner life is a slave to his surroundings-dd- Henri-Frederic Amiel . If you put a chain around the neck of a slave, the other end fastens itself around your own-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Democracy becomes a government of bullies tempered by editors-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The best government is that which teaches us to govern ourselves-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Whatever liberates our spirit, without also giving us mastery over ourselves, is destructive-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Everywhere the human soul stands between a hemisphere of light and another of darkness on the confines of two everlasting hostile empires-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Human history begins with man’s act of disobedience which is at the very same time the beginning of his freedom and development of his reason-dd- Erich Fromm . If you hear the dogs, keep going-dd- If you see the torches in the woods, keep going-dd- If there’s shouting after you, keep going-dd- Don’t ever stop-dd- Keep going-dd- If you want a taste of freedom, keep going-dd- Harriet Tubman . I had reasoned this out in my mind, there was one of two things I had a right to, liberty or death; if I could not have one, I would have the other-dd- Harriet Tubman . Liberty doesn’t work as well in practice as it does in speeches-dd- Will Rogers . Here is my advice as we begin the century that will lead to 2081-dd- First, guard the freedom of ideas at all costs-dd- Be alert that dictators have always played on the natural human tendency to blame others and to oversimplify-dd- And don’t regard yourself as a guardian of freedom unless you respect and preserve the rights of people you disagree with to free, public, unhampered expression-dd- Gerard K-dd- O’Neill . We are free, truly free, when we don’t need to rent our arms to anybody in order to be able to lift a piece of bread to our mouths-dd- Ricardo Flores Magon . The truth will set you free, but first it will make you miserable-dd- James A-dd- Garfield . The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off-dd- Gloria Steinem . A free race cannot be born of slave mothers-dd- Margaret Sanger . Nobody’s free until everybody’s free-dd- Fannie Lou Hamer . We are not rich by what we possess but by what we can do without-dd- Immanuel Kant . Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose-dd- Simone Weil . Absolute freedom mocks at justice-dd- Absolute justice denies freedom-dd- Albert Camus . This is the highest wisdom that I own; freedom and life are earned by those alone who conquer them each day anew-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . No man can put a chain about the ankle of his fellow man without at last finding the other end fastened about his own neck-dd- Frederick Douglass . Most will give up an acre of freedom for a closet of security-dd- Dr-dd- Idel Dreimer . Is freedom anything else than the right to live as we wish-qq- Nothing else-dd- Epictetus . We feel free when we escape — even if it be but from the frying pan into the fire-dd- Eric Hoffer . For a man to act himself, he must be perfectly free; otherwise he is in danger of losing all sense of responsibility or of self- respect-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The sound of tireless voices is the price we pay for the right to hear the music of our own opinions-dd- Adlai Stevenson . A society that puts equality before freedom will get neither-dd- A society that puts freedom before equality will get a high degree of both-dd- Milton Friedman . Find out just what any people will quietly submit to and you have the exact measure of the injustice and wrong which will be imposed on them-dd- Frederick Douglass . It is easy to take liberty for granted, when you have never had it taken from you-dd- Dick Cheney . How absurd men are-xx- They never use the liberties they have, they demand those they do not have-dd- They have freedom of thought, they demand freedom of speech-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . He who is allowed to do as he likes will soon run his head into a brick wall out of sheer frustration-dd- Robert Musil . Confidence is knowing who you are and not changing it a bit because of someone’s version of reality is not your reality-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Who speaks of liberty while the human mind is in chains-qq- Francis Wright . Knowledge is an addiction, as drink; knowledge does not bring understanding-dd- Knowledge can be taught, but not wisdom; there must be freedom from knowledge for the coming of wisdom-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . To seek fulfillment is to invite frustration-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Freedom is not caprice but room to enlarge-dd- C-dd- A-dd- Bartol . You can only lose what you cling to-dd- Buddha . Let go of your story so the universe can write a new one for you-dd- Marianne Williamson . True freedom is impossible without a mind made free by discipline-dd- Mortimer J-dd- Adler . Real freedom is having nothing-dd- I was freer when I didn’t have a cent-dd- Mike Tyson . Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom-dd- George Washington Carver . One of the purposes of life is to let go of all that baggage you’re dragging around and be free again-dd- Neil Strauss . Lock up your libraries if you like; but there is no gate, no lock, no bolt that you can set upon the freedom of my mind-dd- Virginia Woolf . I am no bird; and no net ensnares me: I am a free human being with an independent will-dd- Charlotte Bronte . Perhaps the biggest tragedy of our lives is that freedom is possible, yet we can pass our years trapped in the same old patterns-dd- Tara Brach . The secret to happiness is freedom… And the secret to freedom is courage-dd- Thucydides . Re-examine all that you have been told… dismiss that which insults your soul-dd- Walt Whitman . Being free brings a lightness, a carefree surrender to all that is happening around you, and, above all, an acceptance of reality-dd- Deepak Chopra . Your freedom is a supreme value-dd- Nothing is higher than that-dd- But your freedom is possible only if you are not encaged in your habits, unconscious patterns of living-dd- Change your gestalt from unconsciousness to consciousness-dd- Rajneesh . Desire is our imprisonment-dd- The man who wants nothing, who is absolutely contented as he is, is free of all bondage-dd- He has attained to ultimate freedom, nirvana – and that is the goal of life-dd- Rajneesh . I don’t mind what happens-dd- That is the essence of inner freedom-dd- It is a timeless spiritual truth: release attachment to outcomes, deep inside yourself, you’ll feel good no matter what-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . If you are lucky and work very hard, you may someday get to experience freedom from the known-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe-dd- If you try it, you will be lonely often, and sometimes frightened-dd- But no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Those who will not reason, are bigots, those who cannot, are fools, and those who dare not, are slaves-dd- Lord Byron . Words like “freedom,” “options,” and “choice” evoke a power of possibility far beyond the reality of the benefits they entail-dd- Robert Greene . Freedom from things is dependent on the outside-dd- Freedom to do something is also dependent on the outside-dd- Freedom to be ultimately pure has not to be dependent on anything outside you-dd- Osho . In the end, they wanted security more than they wanted freedom-dd- Edward Gibbon . The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any-dd- Alice Walker . I grew up like a neglected weed – ignorant of liberty, having no experience of it-dd- Harriet Tubman . Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace-dd- Buddha . Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery-dd- None but ourselves can free our minds-dd- Bob Marley . The first condition of progress is the removal of censorship-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Every burned book enlightens the world-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Free people can speak freely-dd- If you fear to speak, you aren’t free-dd- The Stoic Emperor . I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it-dd- S-dd-G-dd- Tallentyre . If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear-dd- George Orwell . Books and ideas are the most effective weapons against intolerance and ignorance-dd- Lyndon B-dd- Johnson . If we don’t believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we don’t believe in it at all-dd- Noam Chomsky . I did not wish to live in a country where the individual does not enjoy equality before the law and freedom to say and teach what he likes-dd- Albert Einstein . People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Censorship is to art as lynching is to justice-dd- Henry Louis Gates Jr-dd- . My definition of a free society is a society where it is safe to be unpopular-dd- Adlai Stevenson . We have to uphold a free press and freedom of speech – because, in the end, lies and misinformation are no match for the truth-dd- Barack Obama . I accept that people are going to call me awful things every day, and I will always defend their right to do so-dd- Barack Obama . Some people only speak of freedom of speech while they’re out of power-dd- Once they’re in power, they’re ruthless in suppressing the rights of others-dd- Barack Obama . The dirtiest book of all is the expurgated book-dd- Walt Whitman . It is easy to believe in freedom of speech for those with whom we agree-dd- Leo McKern . Freedom of speech is unnecessary if the people to whom it is granted do not think for themselves-dd- Mokokoma Mokhonoana . Government has no right to hurt a hair on the head of an atheist for his opinions-dd- Let him have a care of his practices-dd- John Adams . To view the opposition as dangerous is to misunderstand the basic concepts of democracy-dd- To oppress the opposition is to assault the very foundation of democracy-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Because if you don’t stand up for the stuff you don’t like, when they come for the stuff you do like, you’ve already lost-dd- Neil Gaiman . Give me the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue freely according to conscience, above all liberties-dd- John Milton . Those who make conversations impossible, make escalation inevitable-dd- Stefan Molyneux . It is not so much freedom of speech but the right to truth that great men protect-dd- Criss Jami . Sometimes a people lose their right to remain silent when pressured to remain silent-dd- Criss Jami . You can cage the singer but not the song-dd- Harry Belafonte . We have a natural right to make use of our pens as of our tongue, at our peril, risk and hazard-dd- Voltaire . The only valid censorship of ideas is the right of people not to listen-dd- Tom Smothers . Censorship reflects society’s lack of confidence in itself-dd- It is a hallmark of an authoritarian regime-dd- Potter Stewart . I am thankful for all the complaining I hear about our government because it means we have freedom of speech-dd- Nancie J-dd- Carmody . A free press can be good or bad, but, most certainly, without freedom a press will never be anything but bad-dd- Albert Camus . The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame-dd- Oscar Wilde . Assassination is the extreme form of censorship-dd- George Bernard Shaw . The test of democracy is freedom of criticism-dd- David Ben-Gurion . To choose a good book, look in an inquisitor’s prohibited list-dd- John Aikin . Imagine a world in which we are all enlightened by objective truths rather than offended by them-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . There is a fine line between censorship and good taste and moral responsibility-dd- Steven Spielberg . Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so, too-dd- Voltaire . Through discipline comes freedom-dd- Aristotle . Activism is the rent I pay for living on this planet-dd- Alice Walker . As far as your self-control goes, as far goes your freedom-dd- Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach . Nobody can give you freedom-dd- Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything-dd- If you’re a man, you take it-dd- Malcolm X . The more you are relied on, the more freedom you have-dd- Robert Greene . Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free-dd- Paul Tillich . Blame neither man, nor God, nor anyone in the world-dd- When you find yourselves suffering, blame yourselves, and try to do better-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Freedom makes a huge requirement of every human being-dd- With freedom comes responsibility-dd- For the person who is unwilling to grow up, the person who does not want to carry his own weight, this is a frightening prospect-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . The war for freedom will never really be won because the price of freedom is constant vigilance over ourselves and over our Government-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . He that cannot obey, cannot command-dd- Benjamin Franklin . The price of freedom is loneliness-dd- To be happy is to be tied-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . We must be willing to pay a price for freedom-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty-dd- Wendell Phillips . Seek freedom and become captive of your desires-dd- Seek discipline and find your liberty-dd- Frank Herbert . Discipline is wisdom and vice versa-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . We gain freedom when we have paid the full price-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . He who has overcome his fears will truly be free-dd- Aristotle . Man must be disciplined, for he is by nature raw and wild-dd- Immanuel Kant . Rule your mind or it will rule you-dd- Horace . Him that I love, I wish to be free – even from me-dd- Anne Morrow Linbergh . I wish that every human life might be pure transparent freedom-dd- Simone de Beauvoir . If you’re always trying to be normal you will never know how amazing you can be-dd- Maya Angelou . Love does not claim possession but gives freedom-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . That side of our existence whose direction is towards the infinite seeks not wealth, but freedom and joy-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . A man can be himself only so long as he is alone, and if he does not love solitude, he will not love freedom, for it is only when he is alone that he is really free-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Freedom and love go together-dd- Love is not a reaction-dd- If I love you because you love me, that is mere trade, a thing to be bought in the market; it is not love-dd- To love is not to ask anything in return, not even to feel that you are giving something- and it is only such love that can know freedom-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Think before you desire a thing-dd- There is every possibility that it will be fulfilled, and then you will suffer-dd- Osho . Meditation is nothing but enjoying your beautiful aloneness-dd- Celebrating yourself; that’s what meditation is all about-dd- Osho . When sex becomes conscious it is love, it is no longer lust-dd- Love brings freedom, and lust simply creates prisons for you-dd- Rajneesh . Love and freedom are such hideous words-dd- So many cruelties have been done in their name-dd- Joseph O’Connor . This isn’t going to be pretty-dd- Rules will be broken-dd- Friendships will be tested-dd- And huge risks will be taken-dd- But they’re small prices to pay for true love and freedom, right-qq- Lisi Harrison . Deep inside all of us a huge potential beckons, waiting to open us to the joy, genius, freedom and love within-dd- Brandon Bays . If your purpose is to liberate yourself and others into love and freedom, then you should do whatever magnifies the love and freedom in your life and in the lives of whom your actions affect-dd- David Deida . Don’t gain the world and lose your soul; wisdom is better than silver or gold-dd- Bob Marley . One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain-dd- Bob Marley . When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace-dd- Jimi Hendrix . That’s what real love amounts to – letting a person be what he really is-dd- Jim Morrison . Real love is considerate but has no concern-dd- Osho . The greatest enemy of art is the absence of limitations-dd- Orson Welles . Art is not a democracy-dd- People don’t get to vote on how it ends-dd- George R-dd- R-dd- Martin (Game Of Thrones) . You shouldn’t be a prisoner of your own ideas-dd- Sol LeWitt . Start with a style and you are in chains, start with an idea and you are free-dd- Richard Avedon . Freedom is always and exclusively freedom for the one who thinks differently-dd- Rosa Luxemburg . If I had my mouth, I would bite; if I had my liberty, I would do my liking-dd- In the meantime, let me be that I am, and seek not toalter me-dd- William Shakespeare . Like a hustler, you must find your freedom through the fluidity of your thoughts and your constant inventiveness-dd- Robert Greene . You must not be afraid of your uniqueness and you must care less and less what people think of you-dd- Robert Greene . Painting what I experience, translating what I feel, is like a great liberation-dd- But it is also work, self-examination, consciousness, criticism, struggle-dd- Balthus . Why is it that so few people are truly free-qq- Because they try to conform to ideas, concepts, and beliefs in their heads-dd- Adyashanti . Complete freedom debilitates art but reveals much about character-dd- Darby Bannard . You feel like a prisoner if you don’t create-dd- You’re jailed up inside of yourself-dd- Edie Brickell . Transfer from external validation to internal self-validation-dd- Freedom means knowing who you are-dd- Miles Patrick Yohnke . Free time is a necessity if you are to exist as an artist-dd- Eleanor Blair . So long as you write what you wish to write, that is all that matters; and whether it matters for ages or only for hours, nobody can say-dd- Virginia Woolf . I love to create, and to me, the ultimate freedom of expression is a blank canvas or a block of clay to capture whatever emotions your imagination gives it-dd- Daniel Boulud . Freedon is a scary thing-dd- Most people don’t want it-dd- Laurie Anderson . Art, freedom and creativity will change society faster than politics-dd- Victor Pinchuk . Liberty, n-dd- One of imagination’s most precious possessions-dd- Ambrose Bierce . The work of art is a scream of freedom-dd- Christo . A slave is one who waits for someone to come and free him-dd- Ezra Pound . Freedom is to be free of attachments, and the main attachment is to the ‘I’-self-dd- Mooji . It’s only after you’ve lost everything that you’re free to do anything-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . One is not wise because he talks a good deal-dd- They are wise who are patient, and free from hate and fear-dd- Buddha . There is nothing so disobedient as an undisciplined mind, and there is nothing so obedient as a disciplined mind-dd- Buddha . No one and nothing can free you but your own understanding-dd- Ajahn Chah . Neither seek nor avoid; take what comes-dd- It is liberty to be affected by nothing-dd- Do not merely endure; be unattached-dd- Swami Vivekananda . If you can get rid of your attachment to a single thing, you are on the way to liberation-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Only by practice and non-attachment can we conquer mind-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Nonresistance, nonjudgment, and nonattachment are the three aspects of true freedom and enlightened living-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Once your mind becomes absolutely still, your intelligence transcends human limitations-dd- Jaggi Vasudev . Once there is a distance between you and your thought process, a new freedom is born-dd- With this freedom, a new perception arises-dd- Sadhguru . All meditations are nothing but efforts to bring you to the present-dd- When you live in the present moment, with no past hanging around you, with no future projection, you are free from life and death, you are free from body and mind-dd- You are free – simply free – you are freedom-dd- Rajneesh . The most fundamental message of Gautama the Buddha is not God, is not soul… it is freedom: freedom absolute, total, unconditional-dd- He does not want to give you an ideology, because every ideology creates its own slavery-dd- Rajneesh . Live as free people, but do not use your freedom as a cover-up for evil; live as God’s slaves-dd- 1 Peter 2:16 . Now the Lord is the Spirit, and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom-dd- Corinthians 3:17 . If you think that you are bound, you remain bound; you make your own bondage-dd- If you know that you are free, you are free this moment-dd- This is knowledge, knowledge of freedom-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Since most of us are secretly oppressed by our lack of freedom, we are drawn to those who are more fluid and flaunt their difference-dd- Robert Greene . Only a virtuous people are capable of freedom-dd- As nations become more corrupt and vicious, they have more need of masters-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Breath by breath, let go of fear, expectation, anger, regret, cravings, frustration, fatigue-dd- Let go of the need for approval-dd- Let go of old judgments and opinions-dd- Die to all that, and fly free-dd- Soar in the freedom of desirelessness-dd- Lama Surya Das . Let go-dd- Let be-dd- See through everything and be free, complete, luminous, at home — at ease-dd- Lama Surya Das . You can’t separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom-dd- Malcolm X . To remember non-attachment is to remember what freedom is all about-dd- If we get attached, even to a beautiful state of being, we are caught, and ultimately we will suffer-dd- We work to observe anything that comes our way, experience it while it is here, and be able to let go of it-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Buddhism teaches that joy and happiness arise from letting go-dd- Please sit down and take an inventory of your life-dd- There are things you’ve been hanging on to that really are not useful and deprive you of your freedom-dd- Find the courage to let them go-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . You are born as freedom-dd- It is just that you have been conditioned to forget it-dd- Layers upon layers of conditionings have made you a puppet-dd- The strings are in somebody else’s hands-dd- Osho . Part 1-dd- Freedom is the ultimate experience of life-dd- There is nothing higher than that-dd- And out of freedom many flowers blossom in you-dd- Osho . Part 2-dd- Love is the flowering of your freedom-dd- Compassion, another flowering of your freedom-dd- All that is valuable in life flowers in the innocent, natural state of your being-dd- Osho . That is the Zen Manifesto: freedom from oneself-dd- Osho . A feeling of aversion or attachment toward something is your clue that there’s work to be done-dd- Ram Dass . That non-attachment gives us the freedom to be exactly who we are-dd- Tara Brach . The best road to progress is freedom’s road-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . The patriot’s blood is the seed of Freedom’s tree-dd- Thomas Campbell . We do not believe that in this country, freedom is reserved for the lucky, or happiness for the few-dd- Barack Obama . That is our generation’s task – to make these words, these rights, these values of life and liberty and the pursuit of happiness real for every American-dd- Barack Obama . We have proved that the true strength of our nation comes not from the scale of our wealth but from the power of our ideals – opportunity, democracy, liberty and hope-dd- Barack Obama . Liberty has never come from the government-dd- Liberty has always come from the subjects of it-dd- The history of liberty is a history of resistance-dd- Woodrow Wilson . To announce that there must be no criticism of the President, or that we are to stand by the President, right or wrong, is not only unpatriotic and servile, but is morally treasonable to the American public-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . America’s greatest contribution to the world is its concept of democracy, its concept of freedom, freedom of action, freedom of speech, and freedom of thought-dd- Benazir Bhutto . I believe that freedom of speech and freedom of religion go hand-in-hand in America-dd- Kirk Cameron . The end of law is not to abolish or restrain, but to preserve and enlarge freedom-dd- For in all the states of created beings capable of law, where there is no law, there is no freedom-dd- John Locke . America will never be destroyed from the outside-dd- If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves-dd- Abraham Lincoln . America is said to be the arena on which the battle of freedom is to be fought; but surely it cannot be freedom in a merely political sense that is meant-dd- Even if we grant that the American has freed himself from a political tyrant, he is still the slave of an economical and moral tyrant-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The liberties of our country, the freedoms of our civil Constitution are worth defending at all hazards; it is our duty to defend them against all attacks-dd- Samuel Adams . Slaves, though held by the laws of men, are free by the laws of God-dd- John Jay (Founding Fathers) . No power on earth has a right to take our property from us without our consent-dd- John Jay (Founding Fathers) . If freedom of speech is taken away, then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter-dd- George Washington (Founding Fathers) . Liberty may be endangered by the abuse of liberty, but also by the abuse of power-dd- James Madison (Founding Fathers) . If tyranny and oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy-dd- James Madison (Founding Fathers) . A man has a property in his opinions and the free communication of them-dd- James Madison (Founding Fathers) . A well-instructed people alone can be permanently a free people-dd- James Madison (Founding Fathers) . It does not take a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority, keen on setting brushfires of freedom in the minds of men-dd- Samuel Adams (Founding Fathers) . We seek peace, knowing that peace is the climate of freedom-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . Salvation lies within-dd- Warden Samuel Norton . I have to remind myself that some birds aren’t meant to be caged-dd- Ellis Boy “Red” Redding . I tell you those voices soared higher and farther than anybody in a gray place dares to dream-dd- Ellis Boy “Red” Redding . Part 1-dd- I find I’m so excited, I can barely sit still or hold a thought in my head-dd- I think it’s the excitement only a free man can feel, a free man at the start of a long journey whose conclusion is uncertain-dd- Ellis Boy “Red” Redding . Part 2-dd- I hope I can make it across the border-dd- I hope to see my friend and shake his hand-dd- I hope the Pacific is as blue as it has been in my dreams-dd- I hope-dd- Ellis Boy “Red” Redding . We sat and drank with the sun on our shoulders and felt like free men-dd- Hell, we could have been tarring the roof of one of our own houses-dd- We were the lords of all creation-dd- As for Andy – he spent that break hunkered in the shade, a strange little smile on his face, watching us drink his beer-dd- Ellis Boy “Red” Redding . Andy crawled to freedom through five hundred yards of shit smelling foulness I can’t even imagine, or maybe I just don’t want to-dd- Five hundred yards… that’s the length of five football fields, just shy of half a mile-dd- Ellis Boy “Red” Redding . Remember, Red, hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies-dd- Andy Dufresne . Liberty is slow fruit-dd- It is never cheap; it is made difficult because freedom is the accomplishment and perfectness of man-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Art is either revolution or plagiarism-dd- Paul Gauguin . The great artist is the simplifier-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . Painting is self-discovery-dd- Every good artist paints what he is-dd- Jackson Pollock . I had so much fire in me and so many plans-dd- Claude Monet . An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one-dd- Charles Cooley . To draw you must close your eyes and sing-dd- Pablo Picasso . Art is meant to disturb, science reassures-dd- Georges Braque . The world always seems brighter when you’ve just made something that wasn’t there before-dd- Neil Gaiman . Art must be life — it must belong to everybody-dd- Marina Abramović . Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time-dd- Thomas Merton . The chief enemy of creativity is ‘good’ sense-dd- Pablo Picasso . Let’s get a little crazy here-dd- Bob Ross . Every act of creation is first an act of destruction-dd- Pablo Picasso . We must never forget that art is not a form of propaganda; it is a form of truth-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Life is creation – self and circumstances, the raw material-dd- Dorothy Richardson . Art is the only serious thing in the world-dd- And the artist is the only person who is never serious-dd- Oscar Wilde . You can look at a picture for a week and never think of it again-dd- You can also look at the picture for a second and think of it all your life-dd- Joan Miro . If I paint something, I don’t want to have to explain what it is-dd- Bob Ross . An artist should never be a prisoner of himself, prisoner of style, prisoner of reputation, prisoner of success-dd- Henri Matisse . Where the spirit does not work with the hand, there is no art-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Tell your own story, and you will be interesting-dd- Louise Bourgeois . I never paint dreams or nightmares-dd- I paint my own reality-dd- Frida Kahlo . Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes-dd- Art is knowing which ones to keep-dd- Scott Adams . It is better to be high-spirited even though one makes more mistakes, than to be narrow-minded and all to prudent-dd- Vincent van Gogh . The power of nature is such that it’s what all art strives to be-dd- The more we can get in tune with the harmony of the planet, the more our art can benefit from that relationship-dd- Rick Rubin . Bring your humanity to your art-dd- Bring your art to humanity-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The greater the artist, the greater the doubt-dd- Perfect confidence is granted to the less talented as a consolation prize-dd- Robert Hughes . All art is a kind of confession, more or less oblique-dd- All artists, if they are to survive, are forced, at last, to tell the whole story; to vomit the anguish up-dd- James Baldwin . Our primary function is to create an emotion and our secondary function is to sustain that emotions-dd- Alfred Hitchcock . Art is standing with one hand extended into the universe and one hand extended into the world, and letting ourselves be a conduit for passing energy-dd- Albert Einstein . You have to systematically create confusion, it sets creativity free-dd- Everything that is contradictory creates life-dd- Salvador Dalí . I have already settled it for myself so flattery and criticism go down the same drain and I am quite free-dd- Georgia O’Keeffe . Never worry about being obsessive-dd- I like obsessive people-dd- Obsessive people make great art-dd- Susan Sontag . I think being different, going against the grain of society is the greatest thing in the world-dd- Elijah Wood . In the mind of every artist there is a masterpiece-dd- Kai Greene . To be an artist, you need to exist in a world of silence-dd- Louise Bourgeois . Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . The best reason to paint is that there is no reason to paint-dd- Keith Haring . The counterfeit innovator is wildly self-confident-dd- The real one is scared to death-dd- Steven Pressfield (The War Of Art) . If you ask me what I came to do in this world, I, an artist, will answer you: I am here to live out loud-dd- Emile Zola . Art is not a mirror to hold up to society, but a hammer with which to shape it-dd- Leon Trotsky . The principles of true art is not to portray, but to evoke-dd- Jerzy Kosinski . In the creative state a man is taken out of himself-dd- E-dd- M-dd- Forster . I wanted to start a revolution, using art to build the sort of society I myself envisioned-dd- Yayoi Kusama . A work is finished when an artist realizes his intentions-dd- Rembrandt . Art wasn’t supposed to look nice; it was supposed to make you feel something-dd- Rainbow Rowell . An artist’s only concern is to shoot for some kind of perfection, and on his own terms, not anyone else’s-dd- J-dd- D-dd- Salinger . The works must be conceived with fire in the soul but executed with clinical coolness-dd- Joan Miro . Creativity gives hope that there can be a worthwhile idea-dd- Edward de Bono . Only when he no longer knows what he is doing does the painter do good things-dd- Edgar Degas . A woman’s perfume tells more about her than her handwriting-dd- Christian Dior . Art speaks where words are unable to explain-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss (This is one of my favorite art quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Art is never finished, only abandoned-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Art is the concrete representation of our most subtle feelings-dd- Agnes Martin . Bad artists copy-dd- Good artists steal-dd- Pablo Picasso . Everything you can imagine is real-dd- Pablo Picasso . The only art I’ll ever study is stuff that I can steal from-dd- David Bowie . I am my own experiment-dd- I am my own work of art-dd- Madonna . I put my heart and my soul into my work, and have lost my mind in the process-dd- Vincent van Gogh . I dream of painting and then I paint my dream-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . If you hear a voice within you saying, ”You are not a painter,” then by all means paint… and that voice will be silenced-dd- Vincent van Gogh . Art is my life and my life is art-dd- Yoko Ono . Every artist was first an amateur-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The moment you think you understand a great work of art, it’s dead for you-dd- Oscar Wilde . A picture is a poem without words-dd- Horace . Without tradition art is a flock of sheep without a shepherd-dd- Without innovation it is a corpse-dd- Winston Churchill . I guess I’m a little weird-dd- I like to talk to trees and animals-dd- That’s okay though; I have more fun than most people-dd- Bob Ross . You don’t take a photograph, you make it-dd- Ansel Adams . Have no fear of perfection – you’ll never reach it-dd- Salvador Dalí . I am not strange-dd- I am just not normal-dd- Salvador Dalí . Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing-dd- Salvador Dalí . If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn’t seem so wonderful at all-dd- Michelangelo . The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . I paint self-portraits because I am so often alone, because I am the person I know best-dd- Frida Kahlo . Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious-dd- It is the source of all true art and science-dd- Albert Einstein . True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist-dd- Albert Einstein . Beauty will save the world-dd- Dosteovsky . Painter, paint-xx- Salvador Dalí . Art must destroy violence, only it can do it-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Creativity is contagious-dd- Pass it on-dd- Albert Einstein . Art is the expression of the profoundest thoughts in the simplest way-dd- Albert Einstein . Art is a way of recognizing oneself-dd- Louise Bourgeois . Personality is everything in art and poetry-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . You study, you learn, but you guard the original naivete-dd- Henri Matisse . Art lives from constraints and dies from freedom-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Painting is silent poetry-dd- Plutarch . Sometimes with art, it is important just to look-dd- Marina Abramović . Controversy is part of the nature of art and creativity-dd- Yoko Ono . Don’t think about making art… Andy Warhol . Every good painter paints what he is-dd- Jackson Pollock . A true masterpiece does not tell everything-dd- Albert Camus . Intensity is all that matters in painting-dd- John Piper . To be an artist is to believe in life-dd- Henry Moore . Art is a lie that makes us realize truth-dd- Pablo Picasso . Art is the elimination of the unnecessary-dd- Pablo Picasso . Art is a line around your thoughts-dd- Gustav Klimt . Art is coming face to face with yourself-dd- Jackson Pollock . I shut my eyes in order to see-dd- Paul Gauguin . Art = a mad search for individualism-dd- Paul Gauguin . The painter has the Universe in his mind and hands-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Perspective is to painting what the bridle is to the horse, the rudder to a ship-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . The artist sees what others only catch a glimpse of-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Think eight hours, work two hours-dd- Mirko Ilic . Choose only one master – Nature-dd- Rembrandt . Art is not a thing, it is a way-dd- Elbert Hubbard . To create one’s own world takes courage-dd- Georgia O’Keeffe . I am not an adventurer by choice but by fate-dd- Vincent van Gogh . Every child is an artist-dd- The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up-dd- Pablo Picasso . I shall be so brief that I have already finished-dd- Salvador Dalí . It is absurd to look for perfection-dd- Camille Pissarro . I must have flowers, always, and always-dd- Claude Monet . Life is too short to remain unnoticed-dd- Salvador Dalí . Knowing how to look is a way of inventing-dd- Salvador Dalí . I’m in fine fettle and fired with a desire to paint-dd- Claude Monet . In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different-dd- Coco Chanel . To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing-dd- Elbert Hubbard . To create, one must first question everything-dd- Eileen Gray . Everything starts from a dot-dd- Wassily Kandinsky . To gain freedom is to gain simplicity-dd- Joan Miro . The more I work, the more I want to work-dd- Joan Miro . I work like a gardener-dd- Joan Miro . At the heart of all great art is an essential melancholy-dd- Federico Garcia Lorca . The only thing I know is that I paint because I need to-dd- Frida Kahlo . Don’t pay any attention to what they write about you-dd- Just measure it in inches-dd- Andy Warhol . Inspiration does exist, but it must find you working-dd- Pablo Picasso . It is not a torment to be an artist-dd- It is a privilege-dd- Louise Bourgeois . Don’t be fooled by success and money-dd- Don’t let anything come between you and your work-dd- Louise Bourgeois . When you do things for their own sake, that’s when you create your best work-dd- That’s when it’s art-dd- Naval Ravikant . To be great, art has to point somewhere-dd- Anne Lamott . Art is a human activity having for its purpose the transmission to others of the highest and best feelings to which men have risen-dd- Leo Tolstoy . When I think of art I think of beauty-dd- Beauty is the mystery of life-dd- It is not in the eye it is in the mind-dd- In our minds there is awareness of perfection-dd- Agnes Martin . The most important thing about art is to work-dd- Nothing else matters except sitting down every day and trying-dd- Steven Pressfield (The War Of Art) . Remember one rule of thumb: the more scared we are of a work or calling, the more sure we can be that we have to do it-dd- Steven Pressfield (The War Of Art) . All you need to paint is a few tools, a little instruction, and a vision in your mind-dd- Bob Ross . I started painting as a hobby when I was little-dd- I didn’t know I had any talent-dd- I believe talent is just a pursued interest-dd- Anybody can do what I do-dd- Bob Ross . A true artist is not one who is inspired but one who inspires others-dd- Salvador Dalí . If I’m going to be anything more than average, if anyone is going to remember me, then I need to go further, in art, in life, in everything-xx- Salvador Dalí . The only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work-dd- Steve Jobs . The aim of every artist is to arrest motion, which is life, by artificial means and hold it fixed so that a hundred years later, when a stranger looks at it, it moves again since it is life-dd- William Faulkner . Art is the queen of all sciences communicating knowledge to all the generations of the world-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . With the pride of the artist, you must blow against the walls of every power that exists the small trumpet of your defiance-dd- Norman Mailer . The artist must create a spark before he can make a fire and before art is born, the artist must be ready to be consumed by the fire of his own creation-dd- Auguste Rodin . If art is to nourish the roots of our culture, society must set the artist free to follow his vision wherever it takes him-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . My role in society, or any artist’s or poet’s role, is to try and express what we all feel-dd- Not to tell people how to feel-dd- Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all-dd- John Lennon . He who works with his hands and his head and his heart is an artist-dd- Francis of Assisi . Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire-dd- Dale Carnegie . It’s on the strength of observation and reflection that one finds a way-dd- So we must dig and delve unceasingly-dd- Claude Monet . To practice any art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow-dd- So do it-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Stay firmly in your path and dare; be wild two hours a day-dd- Paul Gauguin . I have been enlightened-dd- I have fallen into poetry and it has swallowed me up-dd- Keith Haring . Visions are worth fighting for-dd- Why spend your life making someone else’s dreams-qq- Tim Burton . Lord, grant that I may always desire more than I accomplish-dd- Michelangelo . Not everyone can become a great artist, but a great artist can come from anywhere-dd- Peter O’Toole . The most dangerous creation of any society is the man who has nothing to lose-dd- James Baldwin . Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together-dd- Vincent van Gogh . By working hard, old man, I hope to make something good one day-dd- I haven’t yet, but I am pursuing it and fighting for it-dd- Vincent van Gogh . One must spoil as many canvases as one succeeds with-dd- Vincent van Gogh . If I close my eyes, I see things better than with my eyes open-dd- Henri Matisse . We don’t make mistakes-dd- We just have happy accidents-dd- Bob Ross . I am not an inventor-dd- I steal everything-dd- Anne Bogart . We have always been shamelss about stealing great ideas-dd- Steve Jobs . There’s a fine line between genius and insanity-dd- I have erased this line-dd- Oscar Levant . It’s better to create something that others criticize than to create nothing and criticize others-dd- Ricky Gervais . I just wanna make the world a better-looking place-dd- If you don’t like it, you can paint over it-xx- Banksy (Check out Banksy on Instagram) . People say graffiti is ugly, irresponsible and childish… but that’s only if it’s done properly-dd- Banksy . We tell people sometimes: we’re like drug dealers, come into town and get everybody absolutely addicted to painting-dd- It doesn’t take much to get you addicted-dd- Bob Ross . There are three responses to a piece of design: yes, no and wow-dd- Milton Glaser . If people would just look at the paintings, I don’t think they would have any trouble enjoying them-dd- It’s like looking at a bed of flowers, you don’t tear your hair out over what it means-dd- Jackson Pollock . As my artist’s statement explains, my work is utterly incomprehensible and is therefore full of deep significance-dd- Calvin . The fact I myself do not understand what my paintings mean while I am painting them does not imply that they are meaningless-dd- Salvador Dalí . The secret of my influence has always been that it remained secret-dd- Salvador Dalí . If you understand a painting beforehand, you might as well not paint it-dd- Salvador Dalí . I believe in general death but in the death of Dalí absolutely not-dd- Salvador Dalí . What is originality-qq- Undetected plagiarism-dd- William Ralph Inge . Artists are just children who refuse to put down their crayons-dd- Al Hirschfeld . I’m not performing miracles, I’m using up and wasting a lot of paint-dd- Claude Monet . The critic has to educate the public; the artist has to educate the critic-dd- Oscar Wilde . Bus stops are far more interesting and useful places to have art than in museums-dd- Banksy . The job of the artist is always to deepen the mystery-dd- Francis Bacon . You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . My paintings are not about what is seen-dd- They are about what is known forever in the mind-dd- Agnes Martin . All great art contains at its center contemplation, a dynamic contemplation-dd- Susan Sontag . If art doesn’t make us better, then what on earth is it for-dd- Alice Walker . Forget yourself-dd- Become one with eternity-dd- Become part of your environment-dd- Yayoi Kusama . The creative union of the conscious with the unconscious is what one usually calls ‘inspiration’-dd- Leon Trotsky . Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations-dd- Albert Einstein . What is important is to spread confusion, not eliminate it-dd- Salvador Dalí . People love mystery, and that is why they love my paintings-dd- Salvador Dalí . An artist is someone who produces things that people don’t need to have but that he – for some reason – thinks it would be a good idea to give them-dd- Andy Warhol . Not everyone is capable of madness; and of those lucky enough to be capable, not many have the courage for it-dd- August Strindberg . Perhaps it’s true that I’m very hard on myself, but that’s better than exhibiting mediocre work… too few were satisfactory enough to trouble the public with-dd- Claude Monet . It is a tragedy that we live in a world where physical courage is so common, and moral courage is so rare-dd- Claude Monet . It is better to have done something than to have been someone-dd- Claude Monet . I often painted fragments of things because it seemed to make my statement as well as or better than the whole could-dd- Georgia O’Keeffe . The true painter must be able, with the most usual things, to have the most unusual ideas-dd- Salvador Dalí . It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The creative process is a process of surrender, not control-dd- Julia Cameron . I would like to paint the way a bird sings-dd- Claude Monet . One person’s craziness is another person’s reality-dd- Tim Burton . Art is a step in the known toward the unknown-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Art helps us identify with one another and expands our notion of we – from the local to the global-dd- Olafur Eliasson . Every line is the actual experience with its own unique story-dd- Cy Twombly . The main thing in making art often is letting go of your expectation and your idea-dd- Agnes Martin . There is no abstract art-dd- You must always start with something-dd- Afterward you can remove all traces of reality-dd- Pablo Picasso . Most people die before they are fully born-dd- Creativeness means to be born before one dies-dd- Erich Fromm . So much time is wasted on trying to be better than others-dd- Elijah Wood . An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world-dd- George Santayana . The artist must train not only his eye but also his soul-dd- Wassily Kandinsky . There is no must in art because art is free-dd- Wassily Kandinsky . The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents-dd- Salvador Dalí . The Revolution introduced me to art, and in turn, art introduced me to the Revolution-xx- Albert Einstein . The painting rises from the brushstrokes as a poem rises from the words-dd- The meaning comes later-dd- Joan Miro . The public wants to understand and learn in a single day, a single minute, what the artist has spent years learning-dd- Paul Gauguin . I don’t paint things-dd- I only paint the difference between things-dd- Henri Matisse . There is nothing more difficult for a truly creative painter than to paint a rose, because before he can do so he has first to forget all the roses that were ever painted-dd- Henri Matisse . It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation-dd- Herman Melville . It is better to paint from memory, for thus your work will be your own-dd- Paul Gauguin . Painting is easy when you don’t know how, but very difficult when you do-dd- Edgar Degas . If I could say it in words there would be no reason to paint-dd- Edward Hopper . Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known-dd- Oscar Wilde . Art is not about thinking something up-dd- It is the opposite – getting something down-dd- Julia Cameron . Every portrait that is painted with feeling is a portrait of the artist, not of the sitter-dd- Oscar Wilde . The artist is not a different kind of person, but every person is a different kind of artist-dd- Eric Gill . He only moves toward the perfection of his art whose criticism surpasses his achievement-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Contrary to general belief, an artist is never ahead of his time but most people are far behind theirs-dd- Edgard Varese . Practice what you know, and it will help to make clear what now you do not know-dd- Rembrandt . An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way-dd- An artist says a hard thing in a simple way-dd- Charles Bukowski . Art is not what you see, but what you make others see-dd- Edgar Degas . An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision-dd- James Whistler . When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece-dd- John Ruskin . I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people-dd- Vincent van Gogh . All art, like all love, is rooted in heartache-dd- Alfred Stieglitz . Hatred is a parasite that devours all-dd- One doesn’t build upon hatred, but upon love-dd- Henri Matisse . These landscapes of water and reflection have become an obsession-dd- Claude Monet . I would rather die of passion than of boredom-dd- Emile Zola . We should always remember that sensitiveness and emotion constitute the real content of a work of art-dd- Maurice Ravel . Art and love are the same thing: It’s the process of seeing yourself in things that are not you-dd- Chuck Klosterman . Works of art are of an infinite loneliness and with nothing so little to be reached as with criticism-dd- Only love can grasp and hold and be just toward them-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider’s web-dd- Pablo Picasso . Love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . To labor in the arts for any reason other than love is prostitution-dd- Steven Pressfield (The War Of Art) . It doesn’t matter how the paint is put on, as long as something is said-dd- Jackson Pollock . (On how he knows when he’s finished) How do you know when you’re finished making love-qq- Jackson Pollock . When I am in my painting, I’m not aware of what I’m doing-dd- Jackson Pollock . I couldn’t give you something mediocre even if that’s all you asked for-dd- Michelangelo . When you start a painting, it is somewhat outside you-dd- At the conclusion, you seem to move inside the painting-dd- Fernando Botero . If I create from the heart, nearly everything works; if from the head, almost nothing-dd- Marc Chagall . Everyone discusses my art and pretends to understand, as if it were necessary to understand, when it is simply necessary to love-dd- Claude Monet . Nothing can be accomplished without love-dd- Henri Matisse . A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art-dd- Paul Cezanne . Art must be an expression of love or it is nothing-dd- Marc Chagall . I am not sick-dd- I am broken-dd- But I am happy to be alive as long as I can paint-dd- Frida Kahlo . Art evokes the mystery without which the world would not exist-dd- Rene Magritte . Artwork is a representation of our devotion to life-dd- Agnes Martin . Life is sometimes hard-dd- Things go wrong, in life and in love and in business and in friendship and in health and in all other ways that life can go wrong-dd- And when things get tough, this is what you should do-dd- Make good art-dd- Neil Gaiman . Without anxiety and illness I should have been like a ship without a rudder-dd- Edvard Munch . Something is always born of excess: great art was born of great terrors, great loneliness, great inhibitions, instabilities, and it always balances them-dd- Anais Nin . No longer shall I paint interiors with men reading and women knitting-dd- I will paint living people who breathe and feel and suffer and love-dd- Edvard Munch . I build a kind of wall between myself and t he model so that I can paint in peace behind it-dd- Otherwise, she might say something that confuses and distracts me-dd- Edvard Munch . Disease, insanity, and death were the angels that attended my cradle, and since then have followed me throughout my life-dd- Edvard Munch . Someone else’s vision will never be as good as your own vision of your self-dd- Live and die with it ’cause in the end it’s all you have-dd- Lose it and you lose yourself and everything else-dd- I should have listened to myself-dd- Georgia O’Keeffe . I’ve been absolutely terrified every moment of my life – and I’ve never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do-dd- Georgia O’Keeffe . Without the sense of fellowship with men of like mind, of preoccupation with the objective, the eternally unattainable in the field of art and scientific research, life would have seemed to me empty-dd- Albert Einstein . The more ignoble I find life, the more strongly I react by contradiction, in humour and in an outburst of liberty and expansion-dd- Joan Miro . One must work and dare if one really wants to live-dd- Vincent van Gogh . There may be a great fire in our soul, yet no one ever comes to warm himself at it, and the passers-by see only a wisp of smoke-dd- Vincent van Gogh . Where the spirit does not work with the hand, there is no art-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Whatever you do in life, if you want to be creative and intelligent, and develop your brain, you must do everything with the awareness that everything, in some way, connects to everything else-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Life is more important than art; that’s what makes art important-dd- James Baldwin . Everything alters me, but nothing changes me-dd- Salvador Dalí . Mistakes are almost always of a sacred nature, understand them thoroughly-dd- Salvador Dalí . In a sense, as we are creative beings, our lives become our work of art-dd- Julia Cameron . All true artists, whether they know it or not, create from a place of no-mind, from inner stillness-dd- Eckhart Tolle . I value those artists who embody the expression of their life-dd- Wassily Kandinsky . The meaning of life is to find your gift-dd- The purpose of life is to give it away-dd- Pablo Picasso . I paint objects as I think them not as I see them-dd- Pablo Picasso . There are always flowers for those who want to see them-dd- Henri Matisse . To look at something as though we had never seen it before requires great courage-dd- Henri Matisse . Creativity is a lot like happiness-dd- It shows up when you’re thinking of something else-dd- Bert Dodson . Look around-dd- Look at what we have-dd- Beauty is everywhere – you only have to look to see it-dd- Bob Ross . In my experience, the best creative work is never done when one is unhappy-dd- Albert Einstein . Art is unquestionably one of the purest and highest elements in human happiness-dd- It trains the mind through the eye, and the eye through the mind-dd- As the sun colors flowers, so does art color life-dd- John Lubbock . There are some days when I think I’m going to die from an overdose of satisfaction-dd- Salvador Dalí . Beauty should be edible, or not at all-dd- Salvador Dalí . All I did was to look at what the universe showed me, to let my brush bear witness to it-dd- Claude Monet . Every day I discover more and more beautiful things-dd- It’s enough to drive one mad-dd- I have such a desire to do everything, my head is bursting with it-dd- Claude Monet . I haven’t many years left ahead of me and I must devote all my time to painting, in the hope of achieving something worthwhile in the end, something if possible that will satisfy me-dd- Claude Monet . I think it’s so foolish for people to want to be happy-dd- Happy is so momentary – you’re happy for an instant and then you start thinking again-dd- Interest is the most important thing in life; happiness is temporary, but interest is continuous-dd- Georgia O’Keeffe . A simple line painted with the brush can lead to freedom and happiness-dd- Joan Miro . We must do our work for its own sake, not for fortune or attention or applause-dd- Steven Pressfield (The War Of Art) . The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched – they must be felt with the heart-dd- Helen Keller . Every morning when I wake up, I experience an exquisite joy – the joy of being Salvador Dalí – and I ask myself in rapture: What wonderful things is this Salvador Dalí going to accomplish today-qq-” Salvador Dalí . After a certain high level of technical skill is achieved, science and art tend to coalesce in aesthetics, plasticity, and form-dd- The greatest scientists are artists as well-dd- Albert Einstein . Personally, I experience the greatest degree of pleasure in having contact with works of art-dd- They furnish me with happy feelings of an intensity that I cannot derive from other sources-dd- Albert Einstein . Great art is indefinable but that’s all right; it exists anyway-dd- Edward Abbey . Great art transcends its culture and touches on that which is eternal-dd- Madeleine L’Engle . Photography my passion, the search for truth, my obsession-dd- Alfred Stieglitz . Blessed are they who see beautiful things in humble places where other people see nothing-dd- Camille Pissarro . I decided that if I could paint that flower in a huge scale, you could not ignore its beauty-dd- Georgia O’Keeffe . Filling a space in a beautiful way – that is what art means to me-dd- Georgia O’Keeffe . Artists to my mind are the real architects of change-dd- William S-dd- Burroughs . The purpose of art is mystery-dd- Rene Magritte . Man needs music, literature, and painting – all those oases of perfection that make up art – to compensate for the rudeness and materialism of life-dd- Fernando Botero . Art is restoration: the idea is to repair the damages that are inflicted in life, to make something that is fragmented – which is what fear and anxiety do to a person – into something whole-dd- Louise Bourgeois . Healing yourself is connected with healing others-dd- Yoko Ono . The arts are not a way to make a living-dd- They are a very human way of making life more bearable-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . The function of the artist in a disturbed society is to give awareness of the universe, to ask the right questions, and to elevate the mind-dd- Marina Abramovic . The activity of art is… as important as the activity of language itself, and as universal-dd- Leo Tolstoy . The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance-dd- Aristotle . My art is capable of liberating man from the tyranny of the ‘practical, rational world-dd-’ Salvador Dalí . In art, and in the higher ranges of science, there is a feeling of harmony which underlies all endeavor-dd- There is no true greatness in art or science without that sense of harmony-dd- Albert Einstein . One of the strongest motives that lead men to art and science is escape from everyday life with its painful crudity and hopeless dreariness, from the fetters of one’s own ever-shifting desires-dd- Albert Einstein . For as long as I can remember I have suffered from a deep feeling of anxiety which I have tried to express in my art-dd- Edvard Munch . Art is an escape from reality-dd- Henri Matisse . Art should be something that liberates your soul, provokes the imagination and encourages people to go further-dd- Keith Haring . Whatever you do, the only secret is to believe in it and satisfy yourself-dd- Don’t do it for anyone else-dd- Keith Haring . Art should comfort the disturbed and disturb the comfortable-dd- Banksy . Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one-dd- Stella Adler . For me, painting is a way to forget life-dd- It is a cry in the night, a strangled laugh-dd- Georges Rouault . What art offers is space – a certain breathing room for the spirit-dd- John Updike . The artist has one function–to affirm and glorify life-dd- W-dd- Edward Brown . I want to touch people with my art-dd- I want them to say “he feels deeply, he feels tenderly”-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . The goal of art was the vital expression of self-dd- Alfred Stieglitz . A good painter has two main objects to paint, man and the intention of his soul-dd- The former is easy, the latter hard as he has to represent it by the attitude and movement of the limbs-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . All the sorrow, all the bitterness, all the sadness, I forget them and ignore them in the joy of working-dd- Camille Pissarro . The attitude that nature is chaotic and that the artist puts order into it is a very absurd point of view, I think-dd- All that we can hope for is to put some order into ourselves-dd- Willem de Kooning . I am an artist because the knot is so powerful I just can not, nor want to be, anything else or do anything else-dd- Elisabeth Kubler-Ross . The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls-dd- Pablo Picasso . Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life-dd- Pablo Picasso . Painting is just another way of keeping a diary-dd- Pablo Picasso . An artist discovers his genius the day he dares not to please-dd- Andre Malraux . Art is the only way to run away without leaving home-dd- Twyla Tharp . Creativity is the residue of time wasted-dd- Albert Einstein . I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination-dd- Albert Einstein . The most seductive thing about art is the personality of the artist himself-dd- Paul Cezanne . You are born alone-dd- You die alone-dd- The value of the space in between is trust and love-dd- Louise Bourgeois . Painting must be fertile-dd- It must give birth to a world… it must fertilize the imagination-dd- Joan Miro . If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn’t thinking-dd- George S-dd- Patton . They thought I was a Surrealist, but I wasn’t-dd- I never painted dreams-dd- I painted my own reality-dd- Frida Kahlo . Every new idea is just a mashup or a remix of one or more previous ideas-dd- Austin Kleon . They say everything looks better with odd numbers of things-dd- But sometimes I put even numbers – just to upset the critics-dd- Bob Ross . Creativity often consists of merely turning up what is already there-dd- Bernice Fitz-Gibbon . Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties-dd- Erich Fromm . Candor could not be more crucial to our creative process-dd- Why-qq- Because early on, all of our movies suck-dd- Ed Catmull (Pixar) . The most creative people are willing to work in the shadow of uncertainty-dd- Ed Catmull (Pixar) . I have no fear of making changes, destroying the image, etc-dd-, because the painting has a life of its own-dd- Jackson Pollock . Self-doubt can be an ally-dd- This is because it serves as an indicator of aspiration-dd- Steven Pressfield (The War Of Art) . Are you paralyzed with fear-qq- That’s a good sign-dd- Fear is good-dd- Like self-doubt, fear is an indicator-dd- Fear tells us what we have to do-dd- Steven Pressfield . If at first the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it-dd- Albert Einstein . I’d like to pretend that I’ve never seen anything, never read anything, never heard anything, and then make something-dd- Keith Haring . I want to express my feelings rather than illustrate them-dd- Jackson Pollock . No great artist ever sees things as they really are-dd- If he did, he would cease to be an artist-dd- Oscar Wilde . Do not imitate one another’s style-dd- If you do, so far as your art is concerned you will be called a grandson, rather than the son of Nature-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Whether you succeed or not is irrelevant, there is no such thing-dd- Making your unknown known is the important thing–and keeping the unknown always beyond you-dd- Georgia O’Keeffe . Creativity is more than just being different-dd- Anybody can plan weird; that’s easy-dd- What’s hard is to be as simple as Bach-dd- Making the simple, awesomely simple, that’s creativity-dd- Charles Mingus . Don’t think-dd- Thinking is the enemy of creativity-dd- It’s self-conscious, and anything self-conscious is lousy-dd- You can’t try to do things-dd- You simply must do things-dd- Ray Bradbury . You cannot be all things to all people-dd- Be unique-dd- Be different-dd- Give to others what you want yourself-dd- And do what you were made to do-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . The modern artist… is working and expressing an inner world – in other words – expressing the energy, the motion, and other inner forces-dd- Jackson Pollock . Sometimes people say I should see a therapist, but I don’t want any therapist wrecking my weirdness-dd- Peter Wolf . My great mistake, the fault for which I can’t forgive myself, is that one day I ceased my obstinate pursuit of my own individuality-dd- Oscar Wilde . The one who walks alone, is likely to find himself in places no one has ever been-dd- Albert Einstein . To this day, no one has come up with a set of rules for originality-dd- There aren’t any-dd- Les Paul . My work is always better when I am alone and follow my own impressions-dd- Claude Monet . I want to be important-dd- By being different-dd- And these girls are all the same-dd- Sylvia Plath . I am still learning-dd- Michelangelo . You can’t learn techniques and then try to become a painter-dd- Techniques are a result-dd- Jackson Pollock . I’m not telling you it’s going to be easy – I’m telling you it’s going to be worth it-dd- Art Williams . The worst thing you can think about when you’re working is yourself-dd- Agnes Martin . You can’t be content with mastery; you have to push yourself to become a student again-dd- Austin Kleon . If you ever find that you’re the most talented person in the room, you need to find another room-dd- Austin Kleon . Start copying what you love-dd- Copy copy copy copy-dd- At the end of the copy you will find your self-dd- Austin Kleon . If you steal from one author, it’s plagiarism; if you steal from many, it’s research-dd- Wilson Mizner . I was never capable of being an average pupil-dd- I would either seem refractory to any teaching and give the impression of being completely dumb or I would fling myself on my work with a frenzy, a patience, and a willingness to learn that astonished everybody-dd- But to awaken my zeal, it was necessary to offer me something I liked-dd- Once my appetite had been whetted, I became ravenously hungry-dd- Salvador Dalí . I have come to believe that a great teacher is a great artist and that there are as few as there are any other great artists-dd- Teaching might even be the greatest of the arts since the medium is the human mind and spirit-dd- John Steinbeck . More important than a work of art itself is what it will sow-dd- Art can die, a painting can disappear-dd- What counts is the seed-dd- Joan Miro . If only I’d known my differentness would be an asset, then my earlier life would have been much easier-dd- Bette Midler . The progress of an artist is a continual self-sacrifice, a continual extinction of personality-dd- T-dd- S-dd- Eliot . It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge-dd- Albert Einstein . One must, of course, have one’s entire experience behind one and not have lost the freshness of instinct-dd- Henri Matisse . All artists are willing to suffer for their work-dd- But why are so few prepared to learn to draw-qq- Banksy . I decided to start anew – to strip away what I had been taught, to accept as true my own thinking-dd- Georgia O’Keeffe . The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . It is a widely accepted notion among painters that it does not matter what one paints as long as it is well painted-dd- This is the essence of academicism-dd- Mark Rothko . The most valuable thing a teacher can impart to children is not knowledge and understanding per se but a longing for knowledge and understanding, and an appreciation for intellectual values, whether they be artistic, scientific, or moral-dd- Albert Einstein . A society’s competitive advantage will come not from how well its schools teach the multiplication and periodic tables, but from how well they stimulate imagination and creativity-dd- Albert Einstein . The great moral teachers of humanity were in a way artistic geniuses in the art of living-dd- Albert Einstein . The value of an education in a liberal arts college is not learning of many facts but the training of the mind to think something that cannot be learned from textbooks-dd- Albert Einstein . The seed of your next artwork lies embedded in the imperfections of your current piece-dd- David Bayles . Our job in this life is not to shape ourselves into some ideal we imagine we ought to be, but to find out who we already are and become it-dd- Steven Pressfield (The War Of Art) . Don’t worry about how you ‘should’ draw it-dd- Just draw it the way you see it-dd- Tim Burton . I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it-dd- Pablo Picasso . Poor is the pupil who does not surpass his master-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Everybody draws when they are little-dd- Keith Haring . Old age is a hindrance to creativity but cannot crush my youthful spirit-dd- Rembrandt . Every child is an artist-dd- The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up-dd- Pablo Picasso . The great geniuses are those who have kept their childlike spirit and have added to it breadth of vision and experience-dd- Alfred Stieglitz . Anybody with artistic ambitions is always trying to reconnect with the way they saw things as a child-dd- Tim Burton . There is nothing that makes me happier than making a child smile-dd- Keith Haring . The main thing is to be moved, to love, to hope, to tremble, to live-dd- Be a man before being an artist-xx- Auguste Rodin . Not everyone will understand your journey-dd- That’s okay-dd- You’re here to live your life, not to make everyone understand-dd- Banksy . In order to produce something new, you have to return to the original source, to the childhood of mankind-dd- Paul Gauguin . A young man who is unable to commit a folly is already an old man-dd- Paul Gauguin . You need the dark in order to show the light-dd- Bob Ross . Some colors reconcile themselves to one another, others just clash-dd- Edvard Munch . Color is a power which directly influences the soul-dd- Wassily Kandinsky . Color is a means to exert a direct influence on the soul-dd- Wassily Kandinsky . Color is the keyboard-dd- The eye is the hammer-dd- The soul is the piano, with its many strings-dd- Wassily Kandinsky . There is no blue without yellow and without orange-dd- Vincent van Gogh (Did he mean that there’s no sadness without happiness-qq-) . I often think that the night is more alive and more richly colored than the day-dd- Vincent van Gogh . Color is my day-long obsession, joy and torment-dd- Claude Monet . It is only after years of preparation that the young artist should touch color – not color used descriptively, that is, but as a means of personal expression-dd- Henri Matisse . I’ve been forty years discovering that the queen of all colors is black-dd- Henri Matisse . It is with color that you render light, though you must also feel this light, have it within yourself-dd- Henri Matisse . I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn’t say any other way – things I had no words for-dd- Georgia O’Keeffe . The point is to know how to use the colors, the choice of which is, when all’s said and done, a matter of habit-dd- Claude Monet . Critic asks: ‘And what, sir, is the subject matter of that painting-qq-’ – ‘The subject matter, my dear good fellow, is the light-dd- Claude Monet . What I need most of all is color, always, always-dd- Claude Monet . Without atmosphere a painting is nothing-dd- Rembrandt . Finish the work, otherwise an unfinished work will finish you-dd- Amit Kalantri . Another year is ending, but something is pending-dd- Ernest Agyemang Yeboah . I’m never finished with my paintings; the further I get, the more I seek the impossible and the more powerless I feel-dd- Claude Monet . Above all, an artist must never be too easily satisfied with what he has done-dd- Henri Matisse . No great work of art is ever finished-dd- Michelangelo . There are dozens of unfinished or aborted projects in my files, but I can only assume they don’t get done because they’re not robust enough to struggle through the birth process-dd- Grant Morrison . I know the sag of the unfinished poem-dd- And I know the release of the poem that is finished-dd- Mary Oliver . You are an unfinished work in progress-dd- One of the good things about life’s challenges: you get to find out that you’re capable of being far more than you ever thought possible-dd- Karen Salmonsohn . I never want projects to be finished; I have always believed in unfinished work-dd- I got that from Schubert, you know, the ‘Unfinished Symphony’-dd- Yoko Ono . I always believed that my work should be unfinished in the sense that I encourage people to add their creativity to it, either conceptually or physically-dd- Yoko Ono . When I’m playing, I’m never through-dd- It’s unfinished-dd- I like to find a place to leave for someone else to finish it-dd- That’s where the high comes in-dd- Miles Davis . I know I will leave my work unfinished-dd- I just hope I planted enough seeds in my children and grandchildren that they will continue-dd- David Robinson . Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished-qq- Yes, work never begun-dd- Christina Rossetti . The essential thing is to work in a state of mind that approaches prayer-dd- Henri Matisse . God will not pour fresh, creative ideas and blessing into old attitudes-dd- Joel Osteen . The most important function of art and science is to awaken the cosmic religious feeling and keep it alive-dd- Albert Einstein . All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree-dd- All these aspirations are directed toward ennobling man’s life, lifting it from the sphere of mere physical existence and leading the individual towards freedom-dd- Albert Einstein . Art class was like a religious ceremony to me-dd- I would wash my hands carefully before touching paper or pencils-dd- The instruments of work were sacred objects to me-dd- Joan Miro . In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth-dd- Genesis 1:1 ESV . In the beginning god created the heavens and the earth-dd- Genesis 1:1 ESV . Let all that you do be done in love-dd- 1 Corinthians 16:14 ESV . As each has received a gift, use it to serve one another, as good stewards of God’s varied grace-dd- 1 Peter 4:10 ESV . A man should hear a little music, read a little poetry, and see a fine picture every day of his life, in order that worldly cares may not obliterate the sense of the beautiful which God has implanted in the human soul-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better-dd- Andre Gide . Only God creates-dd- The rest of us just copy-dd- Michelangelo . Painting is the grandchild of nature-dd- It is related to God-dd- Rembrandt . Practicing an art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow, for heaven’s sake-dd- Sing in the shower-dd- Dance to the radio-dd- Tell stories-dd- Write a poem to a friend, even a lousy poem-dd- Do it as well as you possible can-dd- You will get an enormous reward-dd- You will have created something-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Write what should not be forgotten-dd- Isabel Allende . All you have to do is write one true sentence-dd- Write the truest sentence that you know-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Good fiction’s job is to comfort the disturbed and disturb the comfortable-dd- David Foster Wallace . We write to taste life in the moment and in retrospect-dd- Anais Nin . Writing is its own reward-dd- Henry Miller . A writer is a world trapped in a person-dd- Victor Hugo . Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart-dd- William Wordsworth . Without great solitude no serious work is possible-dd- Pablo Picasso . Good things, when short, are twice as good-dd- Baltasar Gracián . Go inside where silence is-dd- Stay there-dd- Let words bubble up-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The first draft of everything is shit-dd- Ernest Hemingway . There is nothing to writing-dd- All you do is sit down at the typewriter and bleed-dd- Ernest Hemingway . If you want to change the world, pick up your pen and write-dd- Martin Luther . Write while the heat is in you… The writer who postpones the recording of his thoughts uses an iron which has cooled to burn a hole with-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Writing a novel is like driving a car at night-dd- You can only see as far as your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way-dd- E-dd- L-dd- Doctorow . I had so many ideas-dd- Jammed up-dd- It was like they just needed permission to come out-dd- Stephen King . You go where the story leads you-dd- Stephen King . You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write-dd- Saul Bellow . All bad writers are in love with the epic-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Forget all the rules-dd- Forget about being published-dd- Write for yourself and celebrate writing-dd- Melinda Haynes . If I had more time, I would have written a shorter letter-dd- Blaise Pascal . I am not at all in a humor for writing; I must write on until I am-dd- Jane Austen . A writer has the duty to be good, not lousy; true, not false; lively, not dull; accurate, not full of error-dd- He should tend to lift people up, not lower them down-dd- Writers do not merely reflect and interpret life, they inform and shape life-dd- E-dd-B-dd- White . Start writing, no matter what-dd- The water does not flow until the faucet is turned on-dd- Louis L’Amour . Write with conviction-dd- Pick a side and be bold-dd- And if you’re wrong, admit it-dd- Jeff Goins . Writing has laws of perspective, of light and shade just as painting does, or music-dd- If you are born knowing them, fine-dd- If not, learn them-dd- Then rearrange the rules to suit yourself-dd- Truman Capote . The difference between fiction and reality-qq- Fiction has to make sense-dd- Tom Clancy . It is perfectly okay to write garbage — as long as you edit brilliantly-dd- C-dd- J-dd- Cherryh . One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple-dd- Jack Kerouac . It ain’t whatcha write, it’s the way atcha write it-dd- Jack Kerouac . Indeed, learning to write may be part of learning to read-dd- For all I know, writing comes out of a superior devotion to reading-dd- Eudora Welty . I don’t want just words-dd- If that’s all you have for me, you’d better go-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . Anybody can make history-dd- Only a great man can write it-dd- Oscar Wilde . There is no real ending-dd- It’s just the place where you stop the story-dd- Frank Herbert . You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you-dd- Ray Bradbury . No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world-dd- Robin Williams (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . The road to hell is paved with adverbs-dd- Stephen King . A short saying often contains much wisdom-dd- Sophocles . Writing for me is a kind of compulsion, so I don’t think anyone could have made me do it, or prevented me from doing it-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . Don’t let the bastards grind you down-dd- Margaret Atwood . Lock up your libraries if you like; but there is no gate, no lock, no bolt that you can set upon the freedom of my mind-dd- Virginia Woolf . You can write nothing of value unless you give yourself wholly to the the theme – and when you so give yourself – you lose appetite ans sleep – it cannot be helped-dd- Charlotte Brontë . Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing-dd- Benjamin Franklin . We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . The very reason I write is so that I might not sleepwalk through my entire life-dd- Zadie Smith . There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you-dd- Maya Angelou . History will be kind to me for I intend to write it-dd- Winston Churchill . People should be interested in books, not their authors-dd- Agatha Christie . The most beautiful things are those that madness prompts and reason writes-dd- Andre Gide . A good writer possesses not only his own spirit but also the spirit of his friends-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The purpose of a writer is to keep civilization from destroying itself-dd- Albert Camus . Writing is the painting of the voice-dd- Voltaire . If there is a book that you want to read, but it hasn’t been written yet, you must be the one to write it-dd- Toni Morrison . Write drunk, edit sober-dd- Ernest Hemingway . A word after a word after a word is power-dd- Margaret Atwood . If I waited for perfection, I would never write a word-dd- Margaret Atwood . Writers live twice-dd- Natalie Goldberg . I allow my intuition to lead my path-dd- Manuel Puig . Be obscure clearly-dd- E-dd-B-dd- White . A story should entertain the writer, too-dd- Stephen King . The adverb is not your friend-dd- Stephen King . There is no perfect time to write-dd- There’s only now-dd- Barbara Kingsolver . Tears are words that need to be written-dd- Paulo Coelho . Writing, like life itself, is a voyage of discovery-dd- Henry Miller . Literature is a luxury; fiction is a necessity-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . You must kill all your darlings-dd- William Faulkner . To produce a mighty book, you must choose a mighty theme-dd- Herman Melville . Writers live twice-dd- Natalie Goldberg . To survive, you must tell stories-dd- Umberto Eco . If it sounds like writing, I rewrite it-dd- Elmore Leonard . You can make anything by writing-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Anything’s possible if you’ve got enough nerve-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . A professional writer is an amateur who didn’t quit-dd- Richard Bach . The answer to all writing, to any career for that matter, is love-dd- Ray Bradbury . Shoot for the top, always-dd- You know you’ll never make it, but what’s the fun if you don’t shoot for the top-qq- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . Be courageous and try to write in a way that scares you a little-dd- Holly Gerth . You don’t start out writing good stuff-dd- You start out writing crap and thinking it’s good stuff, and then gradually you get better at it-dd- That’s why I say one of the most valuable traits is persistence-dd- Octavia E-dd- Butler . To know what you’re going to draw, you have to begin drawing-dd- Pablo Picasso . I don’t wait for moods-dd- You accomplish nothing if you do that-dd- Your mind must know it has got to get down to work-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Don’t bend; don’t water it down; don’t try to make it logical; don’t edit your own soul according to the fashion-dd- Rather, follow your most intense obsessions mercilessly-dd- Franz Kafka . Long patience and application saturated with your heart’s blood — you will either write or you will not — and the only way to find out whether you will or not is to try-dd- Jim Tully . Be strategic and resilient in the pursuit of your dreams-dd- That sounds like a cheesy quote, right-qq- But nah, I’m serious-dd- Resilience is one hell of a quality to master and not many have the skin for it-dd- Tiffany D-dd- Jackson . The main rule of writing is that if you do it with enough assurance and confidence, you’re allowed to do whatever you like-dd- Neil Gaiman . The writer must have a good imagination to being with, but the imagination has to be muscular, which means it must be exercised in a disciplined way, day in and day out, by writing, failing, succeeding and revising-dd- Stephen King . Get it down-dd- Take chances-dd- It may be bad, but it’s the only way you can do anything really good-dd- William Faulkner . Once I start work on a project, I don’t stop, and I don’t slow down unless I absolutely have to-dd- Stephen King . Exercise the writing muscle every day, even if it is only a letter, notes, a title list, a character sketch, a journal entry-dd- Writers are like dancers, like athletes-dd- Without that exercise, the muscles seize up-dd- Jane Yolen . I believe myself that a good writer doesn’t really need to be told anything except to keep at it-dd- Chinua Achebe . The secret to being a writer is that you have to write-dd- It’s not enough to think about writing or to study literature or plan a future life as an author-dd- You really have to lock yourself away, alone, and get to work-dd- Augusten Burroughs . The task of a writer consists of being able to make something out of an idea-dd- Thomas Mann . It’s none of their business that you have to learn to write-dd- Let them think you were born that way-dd- Ernest Hemingway . You wanna fly, you got to give up the sh*t that weighs you down-dd- Toni Morrison . The poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . I love deadlines-dd- I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by-dd- Douglas Adams . The person who writes for fools is always sure of a large audience-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers-dd- T-dd-S-dd- Eliot . Cut out all those exclamation marks-dd- An exclamation mark is like laughing at your own joke-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . Women want love to be a novel-dd- Men, a short story-dd- Daphne du Maurier . Writing is often the process by which you realize that you do not understand what you are talking about-dd- Shane Parrish . The freelance writer is a man who is paid per piece or per word or perhaps-dd- Robert Benchley . Writing is the art of repeating oneself without anyone noticing-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Proofread carefully to see if you any words out-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Substitute “damn” every time you’re inclined to write “very”, your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be-dd- Mark Twain . If you intend to write as truthfully as you can, your days as a member of polite society are numbered anyway-dd- Stephen King . No passion in the world is equal to the passion to alter someone else’s draft-dd- H-dd- G-dd- Wells . When you make music or write or create, it’s really your job to have mind-blowing, irresponsible, condomless sex with whatever idea it is you’re writing about at the time-dd- Lady Gaga . If you’re doing it for money or fame, don’t do it-dd- If you’re doing it because you want women in your bed, don’t do it-dd- Charles Bukowski . Here is a lesson in creative writing-dd- First rule: Do not use semicolons-dd- They are transvestite hermaphrodites representing absolutely nothing-dd- All they do is show you’ve been to college-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . I always start writing with a clean piece of paper and a dirty mind-dd- Patrick Dennis . Keep a small can of WD-40 on your desk — away from any open flames — to remind yourself that if you don’t write daily, you will get rusty-dd- George Singleton . It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn’t give it up because by that time I was too famous-dd- Robert Benchley . Many people hear voices when no one is there-dd- Some of them are called mad and are shut up in rooms where they stare at the walls all day-dd- Others are called writers and they do pretty much the same thing-dd- Margaret Chittenden . You just have to go on when it is worst and most helpless – there is only one thing to do with a novel and that is go straight on through to the end of the damn thing-dd- Ernest Hemingway . I’d rather take coffee than compliments just now-dd- Louisa May Alcott . Writing is often the process by which you realize that you do not understand what you are talking about-dd- Shane Parrish . If my doctor told me I had only six minutes to live, I wouldn’t brood-dd- I’d type a little faster-dd- Isaac Isimov . Writing is like sex-dd- First you do it for love, then you do it for your friends, and then you do it for money-dd- Virginia Woolf . Fiction is the truth inside the lie-dd- Stephen King . I think all writing is a disease-dd- You can’t stop it-dd- William Carlos Williams . The first duty of the novelist is to entertain-dd- It is a moral duty-dd- People who read your books are sick, sad, travelling, in the hospital waiting room while someone is dying-dd- Books are written by the alone for the alone-dd- Donna Tartt . Actually almost everything I’ve written that has survived was written when I didn’t try to get anything done-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Writing is something you do alone-dd- It’s a profession for introverts who wanna tell you a story but don’t wanna make eye contact while telling it-dd- John Green . A writer never has a vacation-dd- For a writer life consists of either writing or thinking about writing-dd- Eugene Ionesco . Don’t expect the puppets of your mind to become the people of your story-dd- If they are not realities in your own mind, there is no mysterious alchemy in ink and paper that will turn wooden figures into flesh and blood-dd- Leslie Gordon Barnard . Whether we are describing a king, an assassin, a thief, an honest man, a prostitute, a nun, a young girl, or a stallholder in a market, it is always ourselves that we are describing-dd- Guy De Maupassant . Of your unspoken words, you are the master; of your spoken words, the servant; of your written words, the slave-dd- Quaker proverb . I almost always urge people to write in the first person-dd- Writing is an act of ego and you might as well admit it-dd- William Zinsser . Literature is strewn with the wreckage of men who have minded beyond reason the opinions of others-dd- Virginia Woolf . The story must strike a nerve — in me-dd- My heart should start pounding when I hear the first line in my head-dd- I start trembling at the risk-dd- Susan Sontag . I don’t think of literature as an end in itself-dd- It’s just a way of communicating something-dd- Isabel Allende . No author dislikes to be edited as much as he dislikes not to be published-dd- Russell Lynes . A wounded deer leaps the highest-dd- Emily Dickinson . Unless it comes out of your soul like a rocket, unless being still would drive you to madness or suicide or murder, don’t do it-dd- Charles Bukowski . Most writers regard the truth as their most valuable possession, and therefore are most economical in its use-dd- Mark Twain . I would always be that same maddening, monstrous mixture of pedantry, egoism, politeness, selfishness, kindliness, sneakiness, larkiness, sociability, loneliness, ambition, ordered calm and hidden intensity-dd- I would cover my life with words-dd- I would spray the whole bloody world with words-dd- Stephen Fry . I don’t care if a reader hates one of my stories, just as long as he finishes the book-dd- Roald Dahl . How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Everywhere I go, I’m asked if the universities stifle writers-dd- My opinion is that they don’t stifle enough of them-dd- Flannery O’Connor . Geniuses can be scintillating and geniuses can be somber, but it’s that inescapable sorrowful depth that shines through — originality-dd- Jack Kerouac . Whether a character in your novel is full of choler, bile, phlegm, blood or plain old buffalo chips, the fire of life is in there, too, as long as that character lives-dd- James Alexander Thom . Forget your personal tragedy-dd- We are all bitched from the start and you especially have to be hurt like hell before you can write seriously-dd- But when you get the damned hurt use it – don’t cheat with it-dd- Ernest Hemingway . A person is a fool to become a writer-dd- His only compensation is absolute freedom-dd- He has no master except his own soul, and that, I am sure, is why he does it-dd- Roald Dahl . If a nation loses its storytellers, it loses its childhood-dd- Peter Handke . If you wait for inspiration to write you’re not a writer, you’re a waiter-dd- Dan Poynter . Good writing is often about letting go of fear and affectation-dd- Stephen King . As a writer, you should not judge, you should understand-dd- Ernest Hemingway . I try to leave out the parts that people skip-dd- Elmore Leonard . Writing is meant to move the heart, the mind, the soul – not the page-view meter-dd- Maria Popova (brainpickings-dd-org) . A book is simply the container of an idea — like a bottle; what is inside the book is what matters-dd- Angela Carter . I would advise anyone who aspires to a writing career that before developing his talent he would be wise to develop a thick hide-dd- Harper Lee . Stories may well be lies, but they are good lies that say true things, and which can sometimes pay the rent-dd- Neil Gaiman . Hard writing makes easy reading-dd- Easy writing makes hard reading-dd- William Zinsser . The first sentence can’t be written until the final sentence is written-dd- Joyce Carol Oates . If it doesn’t come bursting out of you in spite of everything, don’t do it-dd- Unless it comes unasked out of your heart and your mind and your mouth and your gut, don’t do it-dd- Charles Bukowski . What’s better, a poetic intuition or an intellectual work-qq- I think they complement each other-dd- Manuel Puig . No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader-dd- No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader-dd- Robert Frost . If I had to give young writers advice, I would say don’t listen to writers talking about writing or themselves-dd- Lillian Hellman . There are some books that refuse to be written-dd- They stand their ground year after year and will not be persuaded-dd- It isn’t because the book is not there and worth being written – it is only because the right form of the story does not present itself-dd- There is only one right form for a story and if you fail to find that form the story will not tell itself-dd- Mark Twain . Writing gives thought solid form-dd- Get your raw mental process on paper-dd- Read-dd- Revise-dd- Reduce-dd- Clarify-dd- Disciplined writing is disciplined thinking-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Good writing is supposed to evoke sensation in the reader – not the fact that is is raining, but the feeling of being rained upon-dd- E-dd-L-dd- Doctorow . When you write a book, you spend day after day scanning and identifying the trees-dd- When you’re done, you have to step back and look at the forest-dd- Stephen King . Kill your darlings, kill your darlings, even when it breaks your egocentric little scribbler’s heart, kill your darlings-dd- Stephen King . Nothing leads so straight to futility as literary ambitions without systematic knowledge-dd- H-dd- G-dd- Wells . Write down the thoughts of the moment-dd- Those that come unsought for are commonly the most valuable-dd- Francis Bacon . Writing is not necessarily something to be ashamed of, but do it in private and wash your hands afterwards-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Great is the art of beginning, but greater is the art of ending-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . A good title is the title of a successful book-dd- Raymond Chandler . Don’t take anyone’s writing advice too seriously-dd- Lev Grossman . I can shake off everything as I write; my sorrows disappear, my courage is reborn-dd- Anne Frank . Write in recollection and amazement for yourself-dd- Jack Kerouac . Writing is the only thing that, when I do it, I don’t feel I should be doing something else-dd- Gloria Steinem . Tomorrow may be hell, but today was a good writing day, and on the good writing days nothing else matters-dd- Neil Gaiman . I write to give myself strength-dd- I write to be the characters that I am not-dd- I write to explore all the things I’m afraid of-dd- Joss Whedon . I’m convinced that fear is at the root of most bad writing-dd- Stephen King . Writing energy is like anything else: The more you put in, the more you get out-dd- Richard Reeves . Tell the truth through whichever veil comes to hand — but tell it-dd- Resign yourself to the lifelong sadness that comes from never being satisfied-dd- Zadie Smith . Invention, it must be humbly admitted, does not consist in creating out of void, but out of chaos-dd- Mary Shelley (Frankenstein) . I’ve found, in my own writing, that a little hatred, keenly directed, is a useful thing-dd- Alice Walker . I have trusted to intuition-dd- I did it at the beginning-dd- I do it even now-dd- I have no idea how things might turn out, where in my writing I might go next-dd- V-dd-S-dd- Naipaul . I write only because there is a voice within me that will not be still-dd- Sylvia Plath . Every secret of a writer’s soul, every experience of his life, every quality of his mind, is written large in his works-dd- Virginia Woolf . For your born writer, nothing is so healing as the realization that he has come upon the right word-dd- Catherine Drinker Bowen . Writing is a form of therapy; sometimes I wonder how all those who do not write, compose or paint can manage to escape the madness, melancholia, the panic fear which is inherent in a human situation-dd- Graham Greene . I have to write to be happy whether I get paid for it or not-dd- But it is a hell of a disease to be born with-dd- I like to do it-dd- Which is even worse-dd- That makes it from a disease into a vice-dd- Then I want to do it better than anybody has ever done it which makes it into an obsession-dd- An obsession is terrible-dd- Hope you haven’t gotten any-dd- That’s the only one I’ve got left-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Writing is something that you can never do as well as it can be done-dd- It is a perpetual challenge and it is more difficult than anything else that I have ever done – so I do it-dd- And it makes me happy when I do it well-dd- Ernest Hemingway . There’s always something to write about-dd- If there’s not then you need to live life more aggressively-dd- Min Kim . I write entirely to find out what I’m thinking, what I’m looking at, what I see and what it means-dd- What I want and what I fear-dd- Joan Didion . When I’m writing I know I’m doing the thing I was born to do-dd- Anne Sexton . Just as a good rain clears the air, a good writing day clears the psyche-dd- Julia Cameron . Let me live, love, and say it well in good sentences-dd- Sylvia Plath . Writing is nothing more than a guided dream-dd- Jorge Luis Borges . I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind-dd- Albert Einstein . Writing is a product of silence and solitude-dd- Unknown . The ability of writers to imagine what is not the self, to familiarize the strange and mystify the familiar, is the test of their power-dd- Toni Morrison . One can never be alone enough to write-dd- Susan Sontag . Fantasy is hardly an escape from reality-dd- It’s a way of understanding it-dd- Lloyd Alexander . Good story ideas seem to come quite literally from nowhere, sailing at you right out of the empty sky: two previously unrelated ideas come together and make something new under the sun-dd- Your job isn’t to find these ideas but to recognize them when they show up-dd- Stephen King . Wherever you write is supposed to be a little bit of a refuge, a place where you can get away from the world-dd- The more closed in you are, the more you’re forced back on your own imagination-dd- Stephen King . Description begins in the writer’s imagination, but should finish in the reader’s-dd- Stephen King . Ideas are like rabbits-dd- You get a couple and learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen-dd- John Steinbeck . Writing is utter solitude, the descent into the cold abyss of oneself-dd- Franz Kafka . Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living; it’s a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope-dd- Which is what I do, and that enables you to laugh at life’s realities-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Solitude gives birth to the original in us, to beauty unfamiliar and perilous – to poetry-dd- But also, it gives birth to the opposite: to the perverse, the illicit, the absurd-dd- Thomas Mann . Solitude is creativity’s best friend, and solitude is refreshment for our souls-dd- Naomi Judd . If you can tell stories, create characters, devise incidents, and have sincerity and passion, it doesn’t matter a damn how you write-dd- Somerset Maugham . Imagination, not invention, is the supreme master of art as of life-dd- Joseph Conrad . We’re past the age of heroes and hero kings… Most of our lives are basically mundane and dull, and it’s up to the writer to find ways to make them interesting-dd- John Updike . And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the imagination to improvise-dd- The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt-dd- Sylvia Plath . When writing a novel a writer should create living people; people, not characters-dd- A character is a caricature-dd- Ernest Hemingway . There are no laws for the novel-dd- There never have been, nor can there ever be-dd- Doris Lessing . In solitude I find my answers-dd- Kristen Butler . Tell the readers a story-xx- Because without a story, you are merely using words to prove you can string them together in logical sentences-dd- Anne McCaffrey . Writing is a solitary occupation-dd- Family, friends, and society are the natural enemies of the writer-dd- He must be alone, uninterrupted, and slightly savage if he is to sustain and complete an undertaking-dd- Jessamyn West . Belief and reader absorption come in the details: An overturned tricycle in the gutter of an abandoned neighborhood can stand for everything-dd- Stephen King . Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one-dd- Terry Pratchett . The best thinking has been done in solitude-dd- Thomas Edison . Anon, who wrote so many poems without signing them, was often a woman-dd- Virginia Woolf . Poetry: the best words in the best order-dd- Samuel Taylor Coleridge . The poet doesn’t invent-dd- He listens-dd- Jean Cocteau . There’s no money in poetry, but then there’s no poetry in money either-dd- Robert Graves . Poetry is when an emotion has found its thought and the thought has found words-dd- Robert Frost . Breathe in experience, breathe out poetry-dd- Muriel Rukeyser . Prose is architecture, not interior decoration-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads-dd- Marianne Moore . Poetry comes from the highest happiness or the deepest sorrow-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . Painting is silent poetry, and poetry is painting that speaks-dd- Plutarch . Genuine poetry can communicate before it is understood-dd- T-dd- S-dd- Eliot . Not all poetry wants to be storytelling-dd- And not all storytelling wants to be poetry-dd- But great storytellers and great poets share something in common: They had something to say, and did-dd- Sarah Kay . Poetry is thoughts that breathe, and words that burn-dd- Thomas Gray . Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal-dd- T-dd- S-dd- Eliot . A poem is never finished, only abandoned-dd- Paul Valery . Poetry is a deal of joy and pain and wonder, with a dash of the dictionary-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Only the poet can look beyond the detail and see the whole picture-dd- Helen Hayes . Poetry creates the myth, the prose writer draws its portrait-dd- Jean-Paul Sartre . Poetry is an act of peace-dd- Pablo Neruda . Style means the right word-dd- The rest matters little-dd- Jules Renard . I do not over-intellectualise the production process-dd- I try to keep it simple: Tell the damned story-dd- Tom Clancy . Not a wasted word-dd- This has been a main point to my literary thinking all my life-dd- Hunter S-dd- Thompson . Good writers are those who keep the language efficient-dd- That is to say, keep it accurate, keep it clear-dd- Ezra Pound . My aim in constructing sentences is to make the sentence utterly easy to understand, writing what I call transparent prose-dd- I’ve failed dreadfully if you have to read a sentence twice to figure out what I meant-dd- Ken Follett . After nourishment, shelter and companionship, stories are the thing we need most in the world-dd- Philip Pullman . I want the story to have a rhythm that keeps moving forward-dd- Because that’s the whole point of telling a story-dd- You’re on a journey — you’re going from here to there-dd- It’s got to move-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . Not that the story need be long, but it will take a long while to make it short-dd- Henry David Thoreau . I have been successful probably because I have always realized that I knew nothing about writing and have merely tried to tell an interesting story entertainingly-dd- Edgar Rice Burroughs . Don’t tell me the moon is shining; show me the glint of light on broken glass-dd- Anton Chekhov . And one of [the things you learn as you get older] is, you really need less… My model for this is late Beethoven-dd- He moves so strangely and quite suddenly sometimes from place to place in his music, in the late quartets-dd- He knows where he’s going and he just doesn’t want to waste all that time getting there-dd- … One is aware of this as one gets older-dd- You can’t waste time-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . My aim is to put down on paper what I see and what I feel in the best and simplest way-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Find a subject you care about and which you in your heart feel others should care about-dd- It is this genuine caring, not your games with language, which will be the most compelling and seductive element in your style-dd- Stephen King . One of the really bad things you can do to your writing is to dress up the vocabulary, looking for long words because you’re maybe a little bit ashamed of your short ones-dd- Stephen King . When your story is ready for rewrite, cut it to the bone-dd- Get rid of every ounce of excess fat-dd- This is going to hurt; revising a story down to the bare essentials is always a little like murdering children, but it must be done-dd- Stephen King . Part 1-dd- I notice that you use plain, simple language, short words and brief sentences-dd- That is the way to write English – it is the modern way and the best way-dd- Stick to it; don’t let fluff and flowers and verbosity creep in-dd- Mark Twain . Part 2-dd- When you catch an adjective, kill it-dd- No, I don’t mean utterly, but kill most of them – then the rest will be valuable-dd- They weaken when they are close together-dd- They give strength when they are wide apart-dd- Mark Twain . Part 3-dd- An adjective habit, or a wordy, diffuse, flowery habit, once fastened upon a person, is as hard to get rid of as any other vice-dd- Mark Twain . All stories have to at least try to explain some small portion of the meaning of life-dd- Gene Weingarten . The most valuable of all talents is that of never using two words when one will do-dd- Thomas Jefferson . You can always edit a bad page-dd- You can’t edit a blank page-dd- Jodi Picoult . It is by sitting down to write every morning that one becomes a writer-dd- Gerald Brenan . There are three rules for writing a novel-dd- Unfortunately, no one knows what they are-dd- William Somerset Maugham . Trust your reader, don’t try to describe things-dd- Give a hint and they will fulfill this hint with their own imagination-dd- Paulo Coelho . The blizzard doesn’t last forever; it just seems so-dd- Ray Bradbury . Talent is insignificant-dd- I know a lot of talented ruins-dd- Beyond talent lie all the usual words: discipline, love, luck, but most of all, endurance-dd- James Baldwin . In a story it’s the scene – the setting / characters / action / interaction / dialogue / feelings – that makes us hold our breath, and cry -dd--dd- and turn the page to find out what happens next-dd- And so, until the scene ends, each sentence should lead to the next sentence-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . Sometimes the ideas just come to me-dd- Other times I have to sweat and almost bleed to make ideas come-dd- It’s a mysterious process, but I hope I never find out exactly how it works-dd- I like a mystery, as you may have noticed-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . I’ve been writing since I was six-dd- It is a compulsion, so I can’t really say where the desire came from; I’ve always had it-dd- My breakthrough with the first book came through persistence, because a lot of publishers turned it down-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . Abandon the idea that you are ever going to finish-dd- Lose track of the 400 pages and write just one page for each day, it helps-dd- Then when it gets finished, you are always surprised-dd- John Steinbeck . As for “Write what you know,” I was regularly told this as a beginner-dd- I think it’s a very good rule and have always obeyed it-dd- I write about imaginary countries, alien societies on other planets, dragons, wizards, the Napa Valley in 22002-dd- I know these things-dd- I know them better than anybody else possibly could, so it’s my duty to testify about them-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . Any man who keeps working is not a failure-dd- He may not be a great writer, but if he applies the old-fashioned virtues of hard, constant labor, he’ll eventually make some kind of career for himself as writer-dd- Ray Bradbury . The more I’m let alone and not worried the better I can function-dd- Ernest Hemingway . I go out to my little office, where I’ve got a manuscript, and the last page I was happy with is on top-dd- I read that, and it’s like getting on a taxiway-dd- I’m able to go through and revise it and put myself – click – back into that world-dd- Stephen King . When I’m working I work every day, three, four hours, and I try to get those six pages and I try to get them faily clean-dd- Stephen King . All my life as a writer I have been committed to the idea that in fiction the story value holds dominance over every other facet of the writer’s craft; characterization, theme, mood, none of these things is anything if the story is dull-dd- And if the story does hold you, all else can be forgiven-dd- Stephen King . On first drafts: It is completely raw, the sort of thing I feel free to do with the door shut — it’s the story undressed, standing up in nothing but its socks and undershorts-dd- Stephen King . Sleep on your writing; take a walk over it; scrutinize it of a morning; review it of an afternoon; digest it after a meal; let it sleep in your drawer a twelvemonth; never venture a whisper about it to your friend, if he be an author especially-dd- Amos Bronson Alcott . It is worth mentioning, for future reference, that the creative power which bubbles so pleasantly in beginning a new book quiets down after a time, and one goes on more steadily-dd- Doubts creep in-dd- Then one becomes resigned-dd- Determination not to give in, and the sense of an impending shape keep one at it more than anything-dd- Virginia Woolf . Do not hoard what seems good for a later place in the book, or for another book; give it, give it all, give it now-dd- Annie Dillard . First, find out what your hero wants, then just follow him-dd- Ray Bradbury . I wrote my first novel because I wanted to read it-dd- Toni Morrison . There is no friend as loyal as a book-dd- Ernest Hemingway . The dearest ones of time, the strongest friends of the soul — books-dd- Emily Dickinson . The Six Golden Rules of Writing: Read, read, read, and write, write, write-dd- Ernest Gaines . If you want to be a writer, you must do two things above all others: read a lot and write a lot-dd- Stephen King . If you don’t have time to read, you don’t have the time – or the tools – to write-dd- Simple as that-dd- Stephen King . I really think that reading is just as important as writing when you’re trying to be a writer because it’s the only apprenticeship we have, it’s the only way of learning how to write a story-dd- John Green . Reading is important because, if you can read, you can learn anything about everything and everything about anything-dd- Tomie dePaola . The unread story is not a story; it is little black marks on wood pulp-dd- The reader, reading it, makes it live: a live thing, a story-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . You should write because you love the shape of stories and sentences and the creation of different words on a page-dd- Writing comes from reading, and reading is the finest teacher of how to write-dd- Annie Proulx . All readers come to fiction as willing accomplices to your lies-dd- Such is the basic goodwill contract made the moment we pick up a work of fiction-dd- . Read, read, read-dd- Read everything – trash, classics, good and bad, and see how they do it-dd- Just like a carpenter who works as an apprentice and studies the master-dd- Read-xx- You’ll absorb it-dd- Then write-dd- If it’s good, you’ll find out-dd- If it’s not, throw it out of the window-dd- William Faulkner . Just write every day of your life-dd- Read intensely-dd- Then see what happens-dd- Most of my friends who are put on that diet have very pleasant careers-dd- Ray Bradbury . The greatest part of a writer’s time is spent in reading, in order to write; a man will turn over half a library to make one book-dd- Samuel Johnson . When I graduated from high school I couldn’t go to college, so I went to the library 3 days a week for 10 years-dd- Ray Bradbury . Read a thousand books, and your words will flow like a river-dd- Lisa See . Words create worlds-dd- Pierre du Plessis . Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind-dd- Rudyard Kipling . Grammar is a piano I play by ear-dd- All I know about grammar is its power-dd- Joan Didion . I like good words that mean something-dd- Louisa May Alcott . Any word you have to hunt for in a thesaurus is the wrong word-dd- There are no exceptions to this rule-dd- Stephen King . Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic-dd- Capable of both inflicting injury, and remedying it-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . All our words are but crumbs that fall down from the feast of the mind-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The difference between the almost right word and the right word is really a large matter — ’tis the difference between the lightning-bug and the lightning-dd- Mark Twain-dd- . To get the right word in the right place is a rare achievement-dd- To condense the diffused light of a page of thought into the luminous flash of a single sentence, is worthy to rank as a prize composition just by itself… Anybody can have ideas – the difficulty is to express them without squandering a quire of paper on an idea that ought to be reduced to one glittering paragraph-dd- Mark Twain . Writing is an act of faith, not a trick of grammar-dd- E-dd- B-dd- White . All my life I’ve looked at words as though I were seeing them for the first time-dd- Ernest Hemingway . When a thought takes one’s breath away, a grammar lesson seems an impertinence-dd- Thomas W-dd- Higginson . Being a writer requires an intoxication with language-dd- Jim Harrison . Words, once they are printed, have a life of their own-dd- Carol Burnett . Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, “It might have been”-dd- John Greenleaf Whittier . Words have the power to make things happen-dd- Frederick Buechner . Colors fade, temples crumble, empires fall, but wise words endure-dd- Edward Thorndike . Words can inspire-dd- And words can destroy-dd- Choose yours well-dd- Robin Sharma . A synonym is a word you use when you can’t spell the other one-dd- Baltasar Gracián . I don’t know the rules of grammar-dd- If you’re trying to persuade people to do something, or buy something, it seems to me you should use their language-dd- David Ogilvy . Words do not express thoughts very well-dd- They always become a little different immediately after they are expressed, a little distorted, a little foolish-dd- Hermann Hesse . Words can be like X-rays if you use them properly – they’ll go through anything-dd- You read and you’re pierced-dd- Aldous Huxley . Words are containers for power, you choose what kind of power they carry-dd- Joyce Meyer . Your word is the power that you have to create; it is a gift-dd- Don Miguel Ruiz . A poet can survive everything but a misprint-dd- Oscar Wilde . Words are a lens to focus one’s mind-dd- Ayn Rand . I don’t write for children-dd- I write-dd- And somebody says, that’s for children-dd- Maurice Sendak . I don’t want to write for adults-dd- I want to write for readers who can perform miracles-dd- Only children perform miracles when they read-dd- Astrid Lindgren . Anyone who writes down to children is simply wasting his time-dd- You have to write up, not down-dd- E-dd-B-dd- White . Writing for children is bloody difficult; books for children are as complex as their adult counterparts, and they should therefore be accorded the same respect-dd- Mark Haddon . One of the nicest things about writing for children is that you don’t find them deconstructing novels-dd- Either they like it or they don’t like it-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . I didn’t write with a target audience in mind-dd- What excited me was how much I would enjoy writing about Harry-dd- I never thought about writing for children ― children’s books chose me-dd- I think if it is a good book anyone will read it-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . You have to write the book that wants to be written-dd- And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children-dd- Madeleine L’Engle . So the writer who breeds more words than he needs, is making a chore for the reader who reads-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all-dd- Oscar Wilde . Books are the treasured wealth of the world and the fit inheritance of generations and nations-dd- Henry David Thoreau . What a lot we lost when we stopped writing letters-dd- You can’t reread a phone call-dd- Liz Carpenter . All good books are alike in that they are truer than if they had really happened-dd- Ernest Hemingway . A classic is a book that has never finished saying what it has to say-dd- Italo Calvino . Read-dd- Read anything-dd- Read the things they say are good for you, and the things they claim are junk-dd- You’ll find what you need to find-dd- Just read-dd- Neil Gaiman . If the book is true, it will find an audience that is meant to read it-dd- Wally Lamb . Grammar is the grave of letters-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Books worth reading are worth re-reading-dd- Holbrook Jackson . A mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge-dd- George R-dd- R-dd- Martin . One sure window into a person’s soul is his reading list-dd- Mary B-dd- W-dd- Tabor . A real book is not one that’s read, but one that reads us-dd- W-dd-H-dd- Auden . I cannot live without books-dd- Thomas Jefferson . By reading the writings of the most interesting minds in history, we meditate with our own minds and theirs as well-dd- This to me is a miracle-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . To send a letter is a good way to go somewhere without moving anything but your heart-dd- Phyllis Theroux . Letter writing is the only device for combining solitude with good company-dd- Lord Byron . It takes two to write a letter as much as it takes two to make a quarrel-dd- Elizabeth Drew . The one good thing about not seeing you is that I can write you letters-dd- Svetlana Alliluyeva . Letters are among the most significant memorial a person can leave behind them-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . One of the pleasures of reading old letters is the knowledge that they need no answer-dd- Lord Byron . I hold that the parentheses are by far the most important parts of a non-business letter-dd- D-dd-H-dd- Lawrence . Let us welcome controversial books and controversial authors-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Especially in a time in which the values of reading and inwardness are so strenuously challenged, literature is freedom-dd- Susan Sontag . The books that the world calls immoral are the books that show the world its own shame-dd- Oscar Wilde . The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity-dd- Walt Whitman . To write something you have to risk making a fool of yourself-dd- Anne Rice . Every writer I know has trouble writing-dd- Joseph Heller . Writing about a writer’s block is better than not writing at all-dd- Charles Bukowski . Writing books is the closest men ever come to childbearing-dd- Norman Mailer . The first draft is just you telling yourself the story-dd- Terry Pratchett . We’re professional worriers-dd- You’re constantly imagining things that could go wrong and then writing about them-dd- John Green . A writer is someone for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people-dd- Thomas Mann . I am irritated by my own writing-dd- I am like a violinist whose ear is true, but whose fingers refuse to reproduce precisely the sound he hears within-dd- Gustave Flaubert . I hate writing, I love having written-dd- Dorothy Parker . You can only write regularly if you’re willing to write badly… Accept bad writing as a way of priming the pump, a warm-up exercise that allows you to write well-dd- Jennifer Egan . I’ve always said, ‘I have nothing to say, only to add-dd-’ And it’s with each addition that the writing gets done-dd- The first draft of anything is really just a track-dd- Gore Vidal . Being a writer is a very peculiar sort of job; it’s always you versus a blank sheet of paper (or a blank screen) and quite often the blank piece of paper wins-dd- Neil Gaiman . Don’t try to figure out what other people want to hear from you; figure out what you have to say-dd- It’s the one and only thing you have to offer-dd- Barbara Kingsolver . The work never matches the dream of perfection the artist has to start with-dd- William Faulkner . Writing is a socially acceptable form of schizophrenia-dd- E-dd-L-dd- Doctorow . No book can ever be finished-dd- While working on it we learn just enough to find it immature the moment we turn away from it-dd- Karl Popper . I just give myself permission to suck-dd- I delete about 90 percent of my first drafts… so it doesn’t really matter much if on a particular day I write beautiful and brilliant prose that will stick in the minds of my readers forever, because there’s a 90 percent chance I’m just gonna delete whatever I write anyway-dd- I find this hugely liberating-dd- John Green . I am not a great artist, but I have always felt impelled to write-dd- So each day I sift the sludge anew, going through the cast-off bits and pieces of observation, of memory, of speculation, trying to make something out of the stuff that didn’t go through the filter and down the drain into the subconscious-dd- Stephen King . One thing that helps is to give myself permission to write badly-dd- I tell myself that I’m going to do my five or 10 pages no matter what, and that I can always tear them up the following morning if I want-dd- I’ll have lost nothing — writing and tearing up five pages would leave me no further behind than if I took the day off-dd- Lawrence Block . We are all apprentices in a craft where no one ever becomes a master-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Anyone who says writing is easy isn’t doing it right-dd- Amy Joy . Writing is a struggle against silence-dd- Carlos Fuentes . You can’t let praise or criticism get to you-dd- It’s a weakness to get caught up in either one-dd- John Wooden . Critics are those who have failed in literature and art-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . If you’re not failing now and again, it’s a sign you’re not doing anything very innovative-dd- Woody Allen . I’ve been reading reviews of my stories for twenty-five years, and can’t remember a single useful point in any of them, or the slightest good advice-dd- Anton Chekhov . I tell writers to keep reading, reading, reading-dd- Read widely and deeply-dd- And I tell them not to give up even after getting rejection letters-dd- And only write what you love-dd- Anita Diamant . Rejection slips, or form letters, however tactfully phrased, are lacerations of the soul, if not quite inventions of the devil—but there is no way around them-dd- Isaac Asimov . The artist doesn’t have time to listen to the critics-dd- The ones who want to be writers read the reviews, the ones who want to write don’t have the time to read reviews-dd- William Faulkner . Was I bitter-qq- Absolutely-dd- Hurt-qq- You bet your sweet ass I was hurt-dd- Who doesn’t feel a part of their heart break at rejection-dd- You ask yourself every question you can think of, what, why, how come, and then your sadness turns to anger-dd- That’s my favorite part-dd- It drives me, feeds me, and makes one hell of a story-dd- Jennifer Salaiz . I used to save all my rejection slips because I told myself, one day I’m going to autograph these and auction them-dd- And then I lost the box-dd- James Lee Burke . I think that you have to believe in your destiny; that you will succeed, you will meet a lot of rejection and it is not always a straight path, there will be detours — so enjoy the view-dd- Michael York . I went for years not finishing anything-dd- Because, of course, when you finish something you can be judged-dd- Erica Jong . As a writer, the worst thing you can do is work in an environment of fear of rejection-dd- Carol Leifer . Criticism is something we can avoid easily by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing-dd- Aristotle . I could write an entertaining novel about rejection slips, but I fear it would be overly long-dd- Louise Brown . The first thing you have to learn when you go into the arts is to learn to cope with rejection-dd- If you can’t, you’re dead-dd- Warren Adler . I had immediate success in the sense that I sold something right off the bat-dd- I thought it was going to be a piece of cake and it really wasn’t-dd- I have drawers full of — or I did have — drawers full of rejection slips-dd- Fred Saberhagen . An absolutely necessary part of a writer’s equipment, almost as necessary as talent, is the ability to stand up under punishment, both the punishment the world hands out and the punishment he inflicts upon himself-dd- Irwin Shaw . To defend what you’ve written is a sign that you are alive-dd- William Zinsser . Failures are finger posts on the road to achievement-dd- C-dd- S-dd- Lewis . The most important things are the hardest things to say-dd- Stephen King . I write to discover what I know-dd- Flannery O’Connor . The joy that isn’t shared dies young-dd- Anne Sexton . The only story that seems worth writing is a cry, a shot, a scream-dd- A story should break the reader’s heart-dd- Susan Sontag . Who wants to become a writer-qq- And why-qq- Because it’s the answer to everything… It’s the streaming reason for living-dd- To note, to pin down, to build up, to create, to be astonished at nothing, to cherish the oddities, to let nothing go down the drain, to make something, to make a great flower out of life, even if it’s a cactus-dd- Enid Bagnold . Writers are not here to conform-dd- We are here to challenge-dd- We’re not here to be comfortable — we’re here, really, to shake things up-dd- That’s our job-dd- Jeanette Winterson . A writer without interest or sympathy for the foibles of his fellow man is not conceivable as a writer-dd- Joseph Conrad . Everybody else is working to change, persuade, tempt and control them-dd- The best readers come to fiction to be free of all that noise-dd- Philip Roth . It is the writer who might catch the imagination of young people, and plant a seed that will flower and come to fruition-dd- Isaac Asimov . Find out the reason that commands you to write; see whether it has spread its roots into the very depth of your heart; confess to yourself you would have to die if you were forbidden to write-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . One writes most of all in order to take part in a collective enterprise-dd- Italo Calvino . Deliver me from writers who say the way they live doesn’t matter-dd- I’m not sure a bad person can write a good book-dd- If art doesn’t make us better, then what on earth is it for-dd- Alice Walker . Writing, the art of communicating thoughts to the mind through the eye, is the great invention of the world… enabling us to converse with the dead, the absent, and the unborn, at all distances of time and space-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Yes there is a meaning; at least for me, there is one thing that matters – to set a chime of words tinkling in the minds of a few fastidious people-dd- Logan Persall Smith . When I sit down to write a book, I do not say to myself, ‘I am going to produce a work of art-dd-’ I write it because there is some lie that I want to expose, some fact to which I want to draw attention, and my initial concern is to get a hearing-dd- George Orwell . The only end of writing is to enable readers better to enjoy life or better to endue it-dd- Samuel Johnson . Don’t write so that you can be understood, write so that you can’t be misunderstood-dd- William Howard Taft . The role of a writer is not to say what we all can say, but what we are unable to say-dd- Anaïs Nin . Perfection is like chasing the horizon-dd- Keep moving-dd- Neil Gaiman . In any art you’re allowed to steal anything if you can make it better-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Don’t ever write a novel unless it hurts like a hot turd coming out-dd- Charles Bukowski . If you write what you yourself sincerely think and feel and are interested in, the chances are very high that you will interest other people as well-dd- Rachel Carson . Show up, show up, show up, and after a while the muse shows up, too-dd- Isabel Allende . The poet’s, the writer’s, duty is-dd--dd- to help man endure by lifting his heart-dd- William Faulkner . As Neil Gaiman taught me, the best way to defeat writer’s block is to get really bored-dd- Seth Godin . The only environment the artist needs is whatever peace, whatever solitude, and whatever pleasure he can get at not too high a cost-dd- William Faulkner . In the wholeheartedness of concentration, world and self begin to cohere-dd- With that state comes an enlarging: of what may be known, what may be felt, what may be done-dd- Jane Hirshfield . Write to please just one person-dd- If you open a window and make love to the world, so to speak, your story will get pneumonia-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Finish each day before you begin the next, and interpose a solid wall of sleep between the two-dd- This you cannot do without temperance-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . A poet should be so crafty with words that he is envied even for his pains-dd- Criss Jami . At the end of the day your ability to connect with your readers comes down to how you make them feel-dd- Benjamin J-dd- Carey . At its best, the sensation of writing is that of any unmerited grace-dd- It is handed to you, but only if you look for it-dd- You search, you break your heart, your back, your brain, and then — and only then — it is handed to you-dd- Annie Dillard . To write well about the elegant world you have to know it and experience it to the depths of your being just as Proust, Radiguet and Fitzgerald did: what matters is not whether you love it or hate it, but only to be quite clear about your position regarding it-dd- Italo Calvino . When you’re trying to create a career as a writer, a little delusional thinking goes a long way-dd- Michael Lewis . There is a great deal that either has to be given up or be taken away from you if you are going to succeed in writing a body of work-dd- Susan Sontag . A writer, like an athlete, must ‘train’ every day-dd- What did I do today to keep in ‘form’-qq- Susan Sontag . Perfectionism is the voice of the oppressor, the enemy of the people-dd- It will keep you cramped and insane your whole life-dd- Anne Lamott . It’s by writing-dd--dd- by stepping back a bit from the real thing to look at it, that we are most present-dd- Alison Bechdel . Truth that is naked is the most beautiful, and the simpler its expression the deeper is the impression it makes-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Only a person who is congenially self-centered has the effrontery and the stamina to write essays-dd- E-dd-B-dd- White . A problem with a piece of writing often clarifies itself if you go for a long walk-dd- Helen Dunmore . You have to finish things — that’s what you learn from, you learn by finishing things-dd- Neil Gaiman . I want my stories to move people… to feel some kind of reward from the writing-dd- Alice Munroe . Don’t be nervous-dd- Work calmly, joyously, recklessly on whatever is in hand-dd- Henry Miller . You will fail-dd- It’s inevitable-dd- It’s what you do with it-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . The chief enemy of creativity is good sense-dd- Pablo Picasso . The works must be conceived with fire in the soul but executed with clinical coolness-dd- Joan Miró . He who would be a man must therefore be a nonconformist-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The most talented, thought-provoking, game-changing people are never normal-dd- Richard Branson . If you’re not doing some things that are crazy, then you’re doing the wrong things-dd- Larry Page . Create with the heart; build with the mind-dd- Criss Jami . Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion-dd- Jack Kerouac . The most dangerous idea is silencing people-dd- Naval Ravikant . Originality is the best form of rebellion-dd- Mike Sasso . Vulnerability is the birthplace of innovation, creativity and change-dd- Brené Brown . If only we could pull out our brain and use only our eyes-dd- Pablo Picasso . Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work-dd- Gustave Flaubert . You can’t use up creativity-dd- The more you use, the more you have-dd- Maya Angelou . The most dangerous creation of any society is the man who has nothing to lose-dd- James Baldwin . We adore chaos because we love to produce order-dd- M-dd- C-dd- Escher . When we build, let us think that we build forever-dd- John Ruskin . When you can do a common thing in an uncommon way; you will command the attention of the world-dd- George Washington Carver . Great things are not done by impulse, but a series of small things brought together-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . If you’re to create something powerful and important, you must at the very least be driven by an equally powerful inner force-dd- Ryan Holiday . If it doesn’t sell; it isn’t creative-dd- David Ogilvy . An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all-dd- Oscar Wilde . A busy calendar and a busy mind will destroy your ability to do great things in this world-dd- If you want to be able to do great things, whether you’re a musician, or whether you’re an entrepreneur, or whether you’re an investor, you need free time and you need a free mind-dd- Naval Ravikant . In order to create you have to believe in your ability to do so and that often means excluding whole chunks of normal life, and, of course, pumping yourself up as much as possible as a way of keeping on-dd- Sort of cheering for yourself in the great football stadium of life-dd- T-dd-C-dd- Boyle . Social media has colonized what was once a sacred space occupied by emptiness: the space reserved for thought and creativity-dd- Mahershala Ali . The important thing for you is to be alert, to question, to find out, so that your own initiative may be awakened-dd- Bruce Lee . Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight or any experience that reveals the human spirit-dd- E-dd- E-dd- Cummings . The cure for boredom is curiosity-dd- There is no cure for curiosity-dd- Dorothy Parker . It may be that our cosmic curiosity is a genetically-encoded force that we illuminate when we look up and wonder-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . The principal mark of genius is not perfection but originality, the opening of new frontiers-dd- Arthur Koestler . Go into yourself-dd- Find out the reason that commands you to write; see whether it has spread its roots into the very depths of your heart; confess to yourself whether you would have to die if you were forbidden to write-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . That so few now dare to be eccentric marks the chief danger of our time-dd- John Stuart Mill . Art, freedom and creativity will change society faster than politics-dd- Victor Pinchuk . So go on, get angry-dd- But keep your mouth shut and go do your work-dd- Austin Kleon (This is one of my favorite creativity quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known-dd- Carl Sagan . The richness I achieve comes from nature, the source of my inspiration-dd- Claude Monet . The world always seems brighter when you’ve just made something that wasn’t there before-dd- Neil Gaiman . Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced-dd- Leo Tolstoy . The main thing is to be moved, to love, to hope, to tremble, to live-dd- Auguste Rodin . For me, insanity is super sanity-dd- The normal is psychotic-dd- Normal means lack of imagination, lack of creativity-dd- Jean Dubuffet . Absurdity and anti-absurdity are the two poles of creative energy-dd- Karl Lagerfeld . The question is not if we will be extremists, but what kind of extremists we will be-dd- The nation and the world are in dire need of creative extremists-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Draw the art you want to see, start the business you want to run, play the music you want to hear, write the books you want to read, build the products you want to use – do the work you want to see done-dd- Austin Kleon . When I am completely myself, entirely alone during the night when I cannot sleep, it is on such occasions that my ideas flow best and most abundantly-dd- Mozart . The question isn’t who is going to let me; It’s who is going to stop me-dd- Ayn Rand . Whether you succeed or not is irrelevant, there is no such thing-dd- Making your unknown known is the important thing-dd- Georgia O’Keeffe . If you hear a voice within you say ‘you cannot paint,’ then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced-dd- Vincent van Gogh . The first and most important thing an individual can do is to become an individual again, decontrol himself, train himself as to what is going on and win back as much independent ground for himself as possible-dd- William S-dd- Burroughs . Don’t think about making art, just get it done-dd- Let everyone else decide if it’s good or bad, whether they love it or hate it-dd- While they are deciding, make even more art-dd- Andy Warhol . It seems like the world is crumbling out there, but it is actually a really great time in your life to get a little crazy, follow your curiosity and be ambitious about it-dd- Larry Page (Google) . Perfection is no small thing, but it is made up of small things-dd- Michelangelo . Creativity takes courage-dd- Henri Matisse . I shut my eyes in order to see-dd- Paul Gauguin . To be an artist is to believe in life-dd- Henry Moore . You are your only limit-dd- . Good art inspires; Good design motivates-dd- Otl Aicher . The criminal is the creative artist; the detective only the critic-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . The urge to destroy is also a creative urge-dd- Mikhail Bakunin . Replace fear with curiosity-dd- Steven Spielberg . Inspiration is for amateurs-dd- The rest of us just show up and get to work-dd- Chuck Close . When all think alike, then no one is thinking-dd- Walter Lippman . Without freedom, there is no creation-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . My humor is my creativity, and my skepticism is a gift-dd- J-dd- Tillman . If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Imitation is suicide-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Every new idea is just a mashup or a remix of one or more previous ideas-dd- Austin Kleon . Creativity is as important as literacy-dd- Ken Robinson . Chance favors the prepared mind-dd- Louis Pasteur . Ideas come from everything-dd- Alfred Hitchcock . Cowardice is the most terrible of vices-dd- Mikhail Bulgakov . Everything is interesting-dd- Look closer-dd- . There’s the whole world at your feet-dd- Mary Poppins . Of all lies, art is the least untrue-dd- Gustave Flaubert . I don’t need time-dd- What I need is a deadline-dd- Duke Ellington (By the way, did you know that deadlines can actually crush your creativity-qq-) . It’s no accident that AHA and HAHA are spelled almost the same way-dd- Mitch Ditkoff . We don’t make mistakes, just happy little accidents-dd- Bob Ross . Human beings are the only creatures who are allowed to fail-dd- If an ant fails, it’s dead-dd- Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi . I can always be distracted by love, but eventually I get horny for my creativity-dd- Gilda Radner . Google everything-dd- I mean everything-dd- Google your dreams, Google your problems-dd- Don’t ask a question before you Google it-dd- You’ll either find the answer or you’ll come up with a better question-dd- Austin Kleon . Keep your sense of humor, my friend; if you don’t have a sense of humor it just isn’t funny anymore-dd- Wavy Gravy . The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not ‘Eureka-xx-’ but ‘That’s funny-xx-’-dd- Isaac Asimov . The stone age didn’t end because they ran out of stones-dd- . The thing about creativity is, people are going to laugh at it-dd- Get over it-dd- Twyla Tharp . Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes-dd- Art is knowing which ones to keep-dd- Scott Adams . It’s better to create something that others criticise than to create nothing & criticise others-dd- Ricky Gervais . Fear leads to self-doubt which is the worst enemy of creativity-dd- David Ogilvy . There’s a tremendous bias against taking risks-dd- Everyone is trying to optimize their ass-covering-dd- Elon Musk . Many prefer not to exercise their imaginations at all-dd- They choose to remain comfortably within the bounds of their own experience, never troubling to wonder how it would feel to have been born other than they are-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt-dd- Sylvia Plath . There is intelligence when you are not afraid-dd- Bruce Lee . Something is always born of excess: great art was born of great terrors, great loneliness, great inhibitions, instabilities, and it always balances them-dd- Anais Nin . Sensitivity is not possible if you are afraid of this, that, etc-dd- Bruce Lee . A new idea is delicate-dd- It can be killed by a sneer or a yawn; it can be stabbed to death by a quip and worried to death by a frown on the right man’s brow-dd- Charles Brower . If you are not prepared to be wrong, you’ll never come up with anything original-dd- Ken Robinson . You have to be willing to ask questions that almost no one else would ask-dd- Samantha Bee . Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties-dd- Erich Fromm . In order to be open to creativity, one must have the capacity for constructive use of solitude-dd- One must overcome the fear of being alone-dd- Rollo May . Laughing can serve you in dark moments and even help you crawl your way back out-dd- Ryan Reynolds . It is failure that guides evolution; perfection provides no incentive for improvement, and nothing is perfect-dd- Colson Whitehead . Curiosity will conquer fear more than bravery will-dd- James Stephenson . The field of creativity that exists within each individual is freed by moving out of ideas of wrong-doing or right doing-dd- Angeles Arrien . Remember the two benefits of failure-dd- First, if you do fail, you learn what doesn’t work; and second, the failure gives you the opportunity to try a new approach-dd- Roger Von Oech . We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Use your imagination to fill in the blanks-dd- Barbara Corcoran . One of the only ways to get out a tight box is to invent your way out-dd- Jeff Bezos . If your dream only includes you, it’s too small-dd- Ava DuVernay . I dream my painting and i paint my dream-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . All profound distraction opens certain doors-dd- You have to allow yourself to be distracted when you are unable to concentrate-dd- Julio Cortázar . Imagination is the beginning of creation-dd- You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine and at last you create what you will-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Mystery is at the heart of creativity-dd- That, and surprise-dd- Julia Cameron . Rational thoughts never drive people’s creativity the way emotions do-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . Make an empty space in any corner of your mind, and creativity will instantly fill it-dd- Dee Hock . Imagination is the uniquely human capacity to envision that which is not; it is the foundation of all invention and innovation-dd- J-dd- K-dd- Rowling . Look closely at the present you’re constructing-dd- It should look like the future you are dreaming-dd- Alice Walker . Imagination is an opportunity to put your mind to work – for good-dd- Sam Horn . The world is but a canvas to the imagination-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupéry . My life didn’t please me, so I created my life-dd- Coco Chanel . To live is to express, and to express you have to create-dd- Creation is never merely repetition-dd- To live is to express oneself freely in creation-dd- Bruce Lee . Be curious about the world in which you live-dd- Look things up-dd- Chase down every reference-dd- Go deeper than anybody else – that’s how you’ll get ahead-dd- Austin Kleon . I never paint dreams or nightmares-dd- I paint my own reality-dd- Frida Kahlo . Curiosity about life in all of its aspects, I think, is still the secret of great creative people-dd- Leo Burnett . Creativity comes from looking for the unexpected and stepping outside your own experience-dd- Masaru Ibuka . Blessed are the curious, for they shall have adventures-dd- Lovelle Drachman . Too much planning implies you’ve got it all under control-dd- That’s boring, unrealistic, and dangerous-dd- Twyla Tharp . Everything is raw material-dd- Everything is relevant-dd- Everything is usable-dd- Everything feeds into my creativity-dd- But without proper preparation, I cannot see it, retain it, and use it-dd- Twyla Tharp . Routine kills creative thought-dd- Scarlett Thomas . Your ego can become an obstacle to your work-dd- If you start believing in your greatness, it is the death of your creativity-dd- Marina Abramovic . Reading, conversation, environment, culture, heroes, mentors, nature – all are lottery tickets for creativity-dd- Scratch away at them and you’ll find out how big a prize you’ve won-dd- Twyla Tharp . You don’t make art out of good intentions-dd- Gustave Flaubert . The road to creativity passes so close to the madhouse and often detours or ends there-dd- Ernest Becker . There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love-dd- Sophia Loren . There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique-dd- And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and will be lost-dd- Martha Graham . Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Non-judgment quiets the internal dialogue, and this opens once again the doorway to creativity-dd- Deepak Chopra . Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct-dd- The creative mind plays with the objects it loves-dd- Carl Jung . I feel there is nothing more artistic than loving people-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . Persistence-dd- Perfection-dd- Patience-dd- Power-dd- Prioritize your passion-dd- It keeps you sane-dd- Criss Jami . Write while the heat is in you-dd- The writer who postpones the recording of his thoughts uses an iron which has cooled to burn a hole with-dd- He cannot inflame the minds of his audience-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Working hard for something we don’t care about is called stress-dd- Working hard for something we love is called passion-dd- Simon Sinek . Your own reasons to make are reason enough-dd- Create whatever causes a revolution in your heart-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert (Author of the book Eat, Pray, Love) . Find three hobbies you love: one to make you money, one to keep you in shape and one to be creative-dd- . The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses-dd- Edith Södergran . There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony-dd- There is time for work-dd- And time for love-dd- That leaves no other time-dd- Coco Chanel . Genius is only a great aptitude for patience-dd- George-Louis Leclerc . Solitude is creativity’s best friend, and solitude is refreshment for our souls-dd- Naomi Judd . It’s only after you’re bored that you’re gonna have the great ideas-dd- Naval Ravikant . The more time you spend being quiet and looking in, your intuition grows and you trust it more-dd- Rick Rubin . If you get stuck, get away from your desk-dd- Take a walk, take a bath, go to sleep, make a pie, draw, listen to ­music, meditate, exercise; whatever you do, don’t just stick there scowling at the problem-dd- Hilary Mantel . You’re probably on the right track if you feel like a sidewalk worm during a rainstorm-dd- Larry Page (Google) . What is the one sentence summary of how you change the world-qq- Always work hard on something uncomfortably exciting-xx- Larry Page (Google) . It’s easy to attack and destroy an act of creation-dd- It’s a lot more difficult to perform one-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Boredom always precedes a period of great creativity-dd- Robert M-dd- Pirsig . Any activity becomes creative when the doer cares about doing it right or better-dd- John Updike . When we engage in what we are naturally suited to do, our work takes on the quality of play and it is play that stimulates creativity-dd- Linda Naiman . When you’re in a rut, you have to question everything except your ability to get out of it-dd- Twyla Tharp . Your job is to collect good ideas-dd- The more good ideas you collect, the more you can choose from to be influenced by-dd- Austin Kleon . Not everybody will get it-dd- People will misinterpret you and what you do-dd- They might even call you names-dd- So get comfortable with being misunderstood, disparaged, or ignored — the trick is to be too busy doing your work to care-dd- Austin Kleon . Your brain gets too comfortable in your everyday surroundings-dd- You need to make it uncomfortable-dd- You need to spend some time in another land, among people that do things differently than you-dd- Travel makes the world look new, and when the world looks new, our brains work harder-dd- Austin Kleon . Others inspire us, information feeds us, practice improves our performance, but we need quiet time to figure things out, to emerge with new discoveries, to unearth original answers-dd- Ester Buchholz . I think boredom is the beginning of every authentic act-dd- Boredom opens up the space, for new engagements-dd- Without boredom, no creativity-dd- If you are not bored, you just stupidly enjoy the situation in which you are-dd- Slavoj Žižek . Creative people need time to just sit around and do nothing-dd- Austin Kleon . One sure-fire way to stay creative: force yourself to learn something new-dd- Harvey Mackay . Creative thinking is not a mystical talent-dd- It is a skill that can be practiced and nurtured-dd- Edward de Bono . It is important that students bring a certain ragamuffin, barefoot irreverence to their studies; they are not here to worship what is known, but to question it-dd- Jacob Bronowski . Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning-dd- William Ward . Our ability to grow is directly proportional to an ability to entertain the uncomfortable-dd- Twyla Tharp . Thank goodness I was never sent to school; it would have rubbed off some of the originality-dd- Beatrix Potter . If you ever find that you’re the most talented person in the room, you need to find another room-dd- Austin Kleon . Conditions for creativity are to be puzzled; to concentrate; to accept conflict and tension; to be born everyday; to feel a sense of self-dd- Erich Fromm . Creative activity could be described as a type of learning process where teacher and pupil are located in the same individual-dd- Arthur Koestler . Almost all creativity requires purposeful play-dd- Abraham Maslow . Collect books, even if you don’t plan on reading them right away-dd- Nothing is more important than an unread library-dd- John Waters . I like to listen-dd- I have learned a great deal from listening carefully-dd- Most people never listen-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Pretend to be making something until you actually make something-dd- Austin Kleon . There are no rules-dd- That is how art is born, how breakthroughs happen-dd- Go against the rules or ignore the rules-dd- That is what invention is about-dd- Helen Frankenthaler . It is often easier to make progress on mega-ambitious dreams-dd- Since no one else is crazy enough to do it, you have little competition-dd- Larry Page (Google) . The best people want to work the big challenges-dd- Larry Page (Google) . Have a healthy disregard for the impossible and actually build new solutions-dd- Larry Page (Google) . Invention, it must be humbly admitted, does not consist in creating out of void but out of chaos-dd- Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley . The best ideas come as jokes-dd- Make your thinking as funny as possible-dd- David Ogilvy . Creating opportunities means looking where others are not-dd- Mark Cuban . Outrageous behavior, also known as the lunatic fringe, is the seed bed of innovation and creativity-dd- Joel Salatin . Creativity arises out of the tension between spontaneity and limitations, the latter (like the river banks) forcing the spontaneity into the various forms which are essential to the work of art or poem-dd- Rollo May . The closer man gets to the unknown, the more inventive he becomes – the quicker he adopts new ways-dd- Buckminster Fuller . Remember this when you’re struggling for a big idea-dd- You’re much better off scratching for a small one-dd- Twyla Tharp . If you only do what you know and do it very, very well, chances are that you won’t fail-dd- You’ll just stagnate, and your work will get less and less interesting, and that’s failure by erosion-dd- Twyla Tharp . Reinvent new combinations of what you already own-dd- Improvise-dd- Become more creative-dd- Not because you have to, but because you want to-dd- Evolution is the secret for the next step-dd- Karl Lagerfeld . Innovation is simply seeing and connecting new dots in new ways-dd- It is doing the opposite of the always-dd- Sam Horn . Great is the human who has not lost his childlike heart-dd- Mencius . Our task, regarding creativity, is to help children climb their own mountains, as high as possible-dd- No one can do more-dd- Loris Malaguzzi . The thing is to become a master and, in your old age, to acquire the courage to do what children did when they knew nothing-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Sit down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every conceived notion, follow humbly wherever and whatever abysses nature leads, or you will learn nothing-dd- Thomas Huxley . Creativity is an area in which younger people have a tremendous advantage, since they have an endearing habit of always questioning past wisdom and authority-dd- Bill Hewlett . A child’s mind is not a container to be filled but rather a fire to be kindled-dd- Dorothea Brande . Art is the only way to run away without leaving home-dd- Twyla Tharp . Life is short, art is long-dd- Hippocrates . Art evokes the mystery without which the world would not exist-dd- René Magritte . Art is a line around your thoughts-dd- Gustav Klimt . Great art picks up where nature ends-dd- Marc Chagall . Art is communication of feelings-dd- Bruce Lee . Requirement to be an artist: purity of heart-dd- Bruce Lee . Don’t think-dd- Thinking is the enemy of creativity-dd- It’s self-conscious, and anything self-conscious is lousy-dd- You can’t try to do things-dd- You simply must do things-dd- Ray Bradbury . Graffiti is one of the few tools you have if you have almost nothing-dd- And even if you don’t come up with a picture to cure world poverty you can make someone smile while they’re having a piss-dd- Banksy . Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one-dd- Stella Adler . I think that you’ve got to make something that pleases you and hope that other people feel the same way-dd- Thomas Keller . The writer must be universal in sympathy and an outcast by nature: only then can he see clearly-dd- Julian Barnes . The public wants work which flatters its illusions-dd- Gustave Flaubert . The whole culture is telling you to hurry, while the art tells you to take your time-dd- Always listen to the art-dd- Junot Diaz . The true use of art is, first, to cultivate the artist’s own spiritual nature-dd- George Inness . The artist is not a special kind of person; rather each person is a special kind of artist-dd- Ananda Coomaraswamy . If I could say it in words there would be no reason to paint-dd- Edward Hopper . You don’t take a photograph, you make it-dd- Ansel Adams . You have to do stuff that average people don’t understand because those are the only good things-dd- Andy Warhol . Art is what you can get away with-dd- Andy Warhol . Art has the role in education of helping children become like themselves instead of more like everyone else-dd- Sydney Gurewitz Clemens . The best art divides the audience-dd- Rick Rubin . Thinking about design is hard, but not thinking about it can be disastrous-dd- Ralph Caplan . Creativity is people who care enough to keep thinking about something until they find the simplest way to do it-dd- Tim Cook . To make something new in fashion, you have to stay in a little bit of mad place and do a revolution-dd- Alessandro Michele . In the end, creativity isn’t just the things we choose to put in, it’s the things we choose to leave out-dd- Austin Kleon . Adequate form [in art] requires: 1) Individuality rather than imitative repetitiousness 2) Brevity rather than bulkiness 3) Clarity rather than obscurity 4) Simplicity of expression rather than complexity of form-dd- Bruce Lee . It is not daily increase but daily decrease – hack away the unessential-xx- The closer to the source, the less wastage there is-dd- Bruce Lee . It is indeed difficult to convey simplicity-dd- Bruce Lee . Simplicity and complexity need each other-dd- John Maeda . Self-expression is important-dd- Only the self-sufficient stand alone – most people follow the crowd and imitate-dd- Bruce Lee . Painting is easy when you don’t know how, but very difficult when you do-dd- Edgar Degas . I’d rather believe in my own choice and see it all go wrong than do something I’m not fully convinced of and later feel guilty about it-dd- Alicia Keys . It took me a long time to accept myself, people, and once I did, it was on and crackin-dd- Leslie Jones . What sets you apart can feel like a burden, and it’s not-dd- A lot of the time, it’s what makes you great-dd- Emma Stone . Be Yourself-dd- Embrace your quirks-dd- Ed Sheerhan . One must not merely copy but try to convey the significance of what you see-dd- Bruce Lee . All I’m writing is just what I feel, that’s all-dd- I just keep it almost naked-dd- And probably the words are so bland-dd- Jimi Hendrix . Creative people are often found either disagreeable or intimidating by mediocrities-dd- Criss Jami . I have nothing to explain-dd- As for being misunderstood, I have grown accustomed to that-dd- Fan BingBing . The key question isn’t “What fosters creativity-qq-” But it is why in God’s name isn’t everyone creative-qq- Where was the human potential lost-qq- How was it crippled-qq- Abraham Maslow . Why do people not create or innovate-qq- We have got to abandon that sense of amazement in the face of creativity, as if it were a miracle if anybody created anything-dd- Abraham Maslow . You were born an original-dd- Don’t die a copy-dd- John Mason . Don’t wait until you know who you are to get started-dd- Austin Kleon . To express oneself honestly, not lying to oneself; that, my friend, is very hard to do-dd- Bruce Lee . Everyone has their own ways of expression-dd- I believe we all have a lot to say, but finding ways to say it is more than half the battle-dd- Criss Jami . Don’t be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others-dd- Unfold your own myth-dd- Rumi . Everybody is talented because everybody who is human has something to express-dd- Brenda Ueland . Find something only you can say-dd- James Dickey . To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk-dd- Thomas Edison . There’s a way to do it better – find it-dd- Thomas Edison . Our greatest weakness lies in giving up-dd- The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time-dd- Thomas Edison . Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up-dd- Thomas Edison . There are no rules here – we’re trying to accomplish something-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . To have a great idea, have a lot of them-dd- Thomas Edison . When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this – you haven’t-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Logic will get you from a to b-dd- Imagination will take you everywhere-dd- Albert Einstein . The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination-dd- Albert Einstein . A person who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new-dd- Albert Einstein . We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them-dd- Albert Einstein . I never made one of my discoveries through the process of rational thinking Albert Einstein . It is, in fact, nothing short of a miracle that the modern methods of instruction have not yet entirely strangled the holy curiosity of inquiry; for this delicate little plant, aside from stimulation, stands mainly in need of freedom-dd- Without this it goes to wrack and ruin without fail-dd- Albert Einstein . Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow-dd- The important thing is not to stop questioning-dd- Albert Einstein . A happy man is too satisfied with the present to dwell too much on the future-dd- Albert Einstein . The leader is one who, out of the clutter, brings simplicity… Out of discord, harmony… And out of difficulty, opportunity-dd- Albert Einstein . The value of achievement lies in the achieving-dd- Albert Einstein . Know where to find the information and how to use it-dd- That’s the secret of success-dd- Albert Einstein . I very rarely think in words at all-dd- A thought comes, and I may try to express in words afterwards-dd- Albert Einstein . The important thing is to not stop questioning-dd- Curiosity has its own reason for existing-dd- Albert Einstein . The only way to escape the corruptible effect of praise is to go on working-dd- Albert Einstein . Stay hungry-dd- Stay foolish-dd- Steve Jobs . Creativity is just connecting things-dd- When you ask creative people how they did something, they feel a little guilty because they didn’t really do it, they just saw something-dd- Steve Jobs . You have to be burning with an idea, or a problem, or a wrong that you want to right-dd- If you’re not passionate enough from the start, you’ll never stick it out-dd- Steve Jobs . We are gambling on our vision, and we would rather do that than make ‘me-too’ products-dd- For us, it’s always the next dream-dd- Steve Jobs . The people who made Mac are sort of on the edge-dd- Steve Jobs . I think the artistry is in having an insight into what one sees around them-dd- Generally putting things together in a way no one else has before and finding a way to express that to other people who don’t have that insight-dd- . Why fit in when you were born to stand out-qq- Dr-dd- Seuss . Think left and think right, and think low and think high; Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells-dd- Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . This is who the fuck I am-dd- Lady Gaga . Ignore all hatred and criticism-dd- live for what you create, and die protecting it-dd- Lady Gaga . Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams-dd- Lady Gaga . When you make music or write or create, it’s really your job to have mind-blowing, irresponsible, condomless sex with whatever idea it is you’re writing about at the time-dd- Lady Gaga . Even if the world gives up on you, you always have yourself-dd- Lady Gaga . Do not allow people to dim your shine because they are blinded-dd- Tell them to put on some sunglasses-dd- Lady Gaga . If you can dream it, you can do it-dd- Walt Disney . We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and trying new things, because we are curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths-dd- Walt Disney . The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique-dd- Walt Disney . To be creative means to be in love with life-dd- You can be creative only if you love life enough that you want to enhance its beauty, you want to bring a little more music to it, a little more poetry to it, a little more dance to it-dd- Osho . Each person comes into this world with a specific destiny – he has something to fulfill, some message has to be delivered, some work has to be completed-dd- You are not here accidentally–you are here meaningfully-dd- There is a purpose behind you-dd- The whole intends to do something through you-dd- Osho . Creativity is the greatest rebellion in existence-dd- Osho . You have to walk, and create the way by your walking; you will not find a ready-made path-dd- It is not so cheap, to reach to the ultimate realization of truth-dd- Osho . Life begins where fear ends-dd- Osho . Every child is an artist-dd- The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up-dd- Pablo Picasso . Inspiration does exist, but it must find you working-dd- Pablo Picasso . Others have seen what is and asked why-dd- I have seen what could be and asked why not-dd- Pablo Picasso . Every act of creation is first of all an act of destruction-dd- Picasso . Good artists copy, great artists steal-dd- Pablo Picasso . Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist-dd- Pablo Picasso . There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so-dd- William Shakespeare . Action is eloquence-dd- William Shakespeare . It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves-dd- William Shakespeare . A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool-dd- William Shakespeare . We know what we are, but know not what we may be-dd- William Shakespeare . Every artist was first an amateur-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . A painter told me that nobody could draw a tree without in some sort becoming a tree-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Genius means little more than the faculty of perceiving in an unhabitual way-dd- William James . The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook-dd- William James . The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it-dd- William James . Be yourself-dd- Everyone else is already taken-dd- Oscar Wilde . Experience is merely the name men gave to their mistakes-dd- Oscar Wilde . Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong-dd- Oscar Wilde . Who, being loved, is poor-qq- Oscar Wilde . No great artist ever sees things as they really are-dd- If he did, he would cease to be an artist-dd- Oscar Wilde . There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about-dd- Oscar Wilde . Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination-dd- Oscar Wilde . Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future-dd- Oscar Wilde . I don’t want to go to heaven-dd- None of my friends are there-dd- Oscar Wilde . Have no fear of perfection, you’ll never reach it-dd- Salvador Dali . Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing-dd- Salvador Dali . This is very important because I work constantly in the moment of sleep-dd- All of my best ideas come through my dreams-dd- Salvador Dali . Everything alters me, but nothing changes me-dd- Salvador Dali . Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings-dd- Salvador Dali . Give me two hours a day of activity, and I’ll take the other twenty-two in dreams-dd- Salvador Dali . So little of what could happen does happen-dd- Salvador Dali . I am not strange-dd- I am just not normal-dd- Salvador Dali . Creativity is the ability to introduce order into the randomness of nature-dd- Eric Hoffer . Creativity is inventing, experimenting, growing, taking risks, breaking rules, making mistakes and having fun-dd- Mary Lou Cook . Creativity is based on the belief that there’s no particular virtue in doing things they way they’ve always been done-dd- Rudolph Flesch . Creativity is piercing the mundane to find the marvelous-dd- Bill Moyers . Making the simple complicated is commonplace; making the complicated simple, awesomely simple, that’s creativity-dd- Charles Mingus . Creativity is not just for artists-dd- It’s for business people looking for a new way to close a sale; it’s for engineers trying to solve a problem; it’s for parents who want their children to see the world in more than one way-dd- Twyla Tharp . Creativity is the process of having original ideas that have value-dd- It is a process; it’s not random-dd- Ken Robinson . Creativity requires input, and that’s what research is-dd- You’re gathering material with which to build-dd- Gene Luen Yang . Creativity is the power to connect the seemingly unconnected-dd- William Plomer . Creativity comes from a conflict of ideas-dd- Donatella Versace . Creativity is contagious-dd- Pass it on-dd- Albert Einstein . Creativity is intelligence having fun-dd- Albert Einstein . Creativity is a continual surprise-dd- Ray Bradbury . Creativity is an act of defiance-dd- Twyla Tharp . Nothing is original-dd- Steal from anywhere that resonates with inspiration or fuels your imagination-dd- Devour old films, new films, music, books, paintings, photographs, poems, dreams, random conversations, architecture, bridges, street signs, trees, clouds, bodies of water, light and shadows-dd- Select only things to steal from that speak directly to your soul-dd- If you do this, your work (and theft) will be authentic-dd- Authenticity is invaluable; originality is non-existent-dd- And don’t bother concealing your thievery – celebrate it if you feel like it-dd- In any case, always remember what Jean-Luc Godard said: “It’s not where you take things from – it’s where you take them to“-dd- Jim Jarmusch . Gratitude turns what we have into enough-dd- Aesop . This is a wonderful day-dd- I’ve never seen this one before-dd- Maya Angelou . Gratitude is the fairest blossom that springs from the soul-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . If the only prayer you said in your whole life was “thank you” that would suffice-dd- Meister Eckhart . Gratitude is riches-dd- Complaint is poverty-dd- Doris Day . So much has been given to me; I have no time to ponder over that which has been denied-dd- Helen Keller (Remember that she was a deaf-blind person) . If a fellow isn’t thankful for what he’s got, he isn’t likely to be thankful for what he’s going to get-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . Gratitude is the most exquisite form of courtesy-dd- Jacques Maritain . An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Stop now-dd- Enjoy the moment-dd- It’s now or never-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Silent gratitude isn’t very much to anyone-dd- Gertrude Stein . No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks-dd- James Allen . Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it-dd- William Arthur Ward . When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed-dd- Maya Angelou . As long as this exists, this sunshine and this cloudless sky, and as long as I can enjoy it, how can I be sad-qq- Anne Frank . In ordinary life, we hardly realize that we receive a great deal more than we give, and that it is only with gratitude that life becomes rich-dd- Dietrich Bonhoeffer . Ingratitude is the daughter of pride-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it-dd- Richard Bach . Don’t pray when it rains if you don’t pray when the sun shines-dd- Leroy Satchel Paige . We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude-dd- Cynthia Ozick . We must find time to stop and thank the people who make a difference in our lives-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals-dd- If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Meditate, relax and just “be” for a moment-dd- Remember that this moment is perfect the way it is and you don’t need to change it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I thank everything, because everything teaches me something-dd- Maxime Lagacé . True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient, for he that is so wants nothing-dd- Seneca . The world gives you way more than you ever give it-dd- Kamal Ravikant . Giving thanks for abundance is greater than the abundance itself-dd- Rumi . Gratitude is what you feel when you want what you already have-dd- James Clear . The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach-dd- A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not-dd- Seneca . A sense of blessedness comes from a change of heart, not from more blessings-dd- Mason Cooley . May the work of your hands be a sign of gratitude and reverence to the human condition-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . When it comes to life the critical thing is whether you take things for granted or take them with gratitude-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . We can complain because rose bushes have thorns, or rejoice because thorns have roses-dd- Alphonse Karr . I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . Hardship is a blessing when it spurs effort and development; ease is a curse when it increases complacency and self-indulgence-dd- Muso Kokushi . I was complaining that I had no shoes till I met a man who had no feet-dd- Confucius (This is one of my favorite gratitude quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Gratitude is the memory of the heart-dd- Jean Baptiste Massieu . Gratitude is a quality similar to electricity: it must be produced and discharged and used up in order to exist at all-dd- William Faulkner . Gratitude is an opener of locked-up blessings-dd- Marianne Williamson . Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . Gratitude is the least of the virtues, but ingratitude is the worst of vices-dd- Thomas Fuller . Gratitude is a currency that we can mint for ourselves, and spend without fear of bankruptcy-dd- Fred De Witt Van Amburgh . Gratitude is the ability to experience life as a gift-dd- It liberates us from the prison of self-preoccupation-dd- John Ortberg . There are only two ways to live your life-dd- One is as though nothing is a miracle-dd- The other is as though everything is a miracle-dd- Albert Einstein . Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues but the parent of all others-dd- Marcus Tellius Cicero . The smallest act of kindness is worth than the grandest intention-dd- Oscar Wilde . Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses-dd- Confucius . Humor is mankind’s greatest blessing-dd- Mark Twain . The essence of all beautiful art is gratitude-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Gratitude is a duty which ought to be paid, but which none have a right to expect-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn’t learn a lot today, at least we learned a little, and if we didn’t learn a little, at least we didn’t get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn’t die; so, let us all be thankful-dd- Buddha . He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has-dd- Epictetus . The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated-dd- William James . Our favorite attitude should be gratitude-dd- Zig Ziglar . True forgiveness is when you can say, “Thank you for that experience”-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Ingratitude is monstrous-dd- William Shakespeare . Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart-dd- Seneca . When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears-dd- Tony Robbins . What separates privilege from entitlement is gratitude-dd- Brené Brown . Entitlement is such a cancer, because it is void of gratitude-dd- Adam Smith . Gratitude is the sign of noble souls-dd- Aesop . Act with kindness, but do not expect gratitude-dd- Confucius . There are always flowers for those who want to see them-dd- Henri Matisse . Giving is an expression of gratitude for our blessings-dd- Laura Arrillaga-Andreessen . An attitude of gratitude brings great things-dd- Yogi Bhajan . Hope has a good memory, gratitude a bad one-dd- Baltasar Gracian . Every blessing ignored becomes a curse-dd- Paulo Coelho . Find the good and praise it-dd- Alex Haley . Things must be felt with the heart-dd- Helen Keller . Wear gratitude like a cloak and it will feed every corner of your life-dd- Rumi . No blessing lasts forever-dd- Plautus . If you have lived, take thankfully the past-dd- John Dryden . If you are really thankful, what do you do-qq- You share-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . Ingratitude is treason to mankind-dd- James Thomson . May the gratitude in my heart kiss all the universe-dd- Hafiz . Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life-dd- Melody Beattie . The highest tribute to the dead is not grief but gratitude-dd- Thornton Wilder . ‘Enough’ is a feast-dd- Buddhist proverb . Three meals plus bedtime make four sure blessings a day-dd- Mason Cooley . Gratitude and attitude are not challenges; they are choices-dd- Robert Braathe . If you count all your assets, you always show a profit-dd- Robert Quillen . Appreciation is the purest vibration that exists on the planet today-dd- Abraham Hicks . If you don’t appreciate what you have, you may as well not have it-dd- Rosalene Glickman . Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not-dd- Epicurus . Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot-dd- Hansa proverb . Gratitude makes you feel good and proud-dd- Complaining makes you feel bad and miserable-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving-dd- W-dd-T-dd- Purkiser . It has been said that life has treated me harshly; and sometimes I have complained in my heart because many pleasures of human experience have been withheld from me…if much has been denied me, much, very much, has been given me-dd- Helen Keller . The world has enough beautiful mountains and meadows, spectacular skies and serene lakes-dd- It has enough lush forests, flowered fields, and sandy beaches-dd- It has plenty of stars and the promise of a new sunrise and sunset every day-dd- What the world needs more of is people to appreciate and enjoy it-dd- Michael Josephson . No one is as capable of gratitude as one who has emerged from the kingdom of night-dd- Elie Wiesel . To speak gratitude is courteous and pleasant, to enact gratitude is generous and noble, but to live gratitude is to touch Heaven-dd- Johannes A-dd- Gaertner . Gratitude can transform common days into thanksgivings, turn routine jobs into joy, and change ordinary opportunities into blessings-dd- William Arthur Ward . Appreciation is a wonderful thing-dd- It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well-dd- Voltaire . Part 1-dd- Gratitude is a powerful emotion to use for manifesting because normally we feel gratitude after we receive something-dd- So the emotional signature of gratitude means it has already happened-dd- Joe Dispenza . Part 2-dd- When you are thankful or you feel appreciation, you are in the ultimate state to receive-dd- When you embrace gratitude, your body as the unconscious mind will begin to believe it is in that future reality in the present moment-dd- Joe Dispenza . Gratitude changes the pangs of memory into a tranquil joy-dd- Dietrich Bonhoeffer . You say grace before meals-dd- All right-dd- But I say grace before the concert and the opera, and grace before the play and pantomime, and grace before I open a book, and grace before sketching, painting, swimming, fencing, boxing, walking, playing, dancing and grace before I dip the pen in the ink-dd- G-dd- K-dd- Chesterton . Expressing gratitude is a natural state of being and reminds us that we are all connected-dd- Valerie Elster . You don’t get blessed, and feel blessed-dd- You have to first feel blessed, then the blessings come to you-dd- Roman Price . Dwell on the beauty of life-dd- Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest-dd- William Blake . Among the things you can give and still keep are your word, a smile, and a grateful heart-dd- Zig Ziglar . There’s no disaster that can’t become a blessing, and no blessing that can’t become a disaster-dd- Richard Bach . What may seem a curse may be a blessing, and what may be a blessing may be a curse-dd- Muso Kokushi . Let gratitude be the pillow upon which you kneel to say your nightly prayer-dd- And let faith be the bridge you build to overcome evil and welcome good-dd- Maya Angelou . Train yourself never to put off the word or action for the expression of gratitude-dd- Albert Schweitzer . My socks may not match, but my feet are always warm-dd- Maureen McCullough . Gratitude is a sickness suffered by dogs-dd- Joseph Stalin . I can multitask like crazy-dd- I’m riddled with ADD – a blessing and a curse-dd- Glenn Beck . I am a grateful… grapefruit-dd- Bjork . Got no check books, got no banks-dd- Still I’d like to express my thanks — I got the sun in the morning and the moon at night-dd- Irving Berlin . Gratitude can turn a meal into a feast-dd- Melody Beattie . The hardest arithmetic to master is that which enables us to count our blessings-dd- Eric Hoffer . Gratitude is a quality similar to electricity: it must be produced and discharged and used up in order to exist at all-dd- William Faulkner . Gratitude is the wine for the soul-dd- Go on-dd- Get drunk-dd- Rumi . I am thankful for laughter, except when milk comes out of my nose-dd- Woody Allen . Joy is the simplest form of gratitude-dd- Karl Barth . Joy is a heart full and a mind purified by gratitude-dd- Marietta McCarty . My expectations were reduced to zero when I was 21-dd- Everything since then has been a bonus-dd- Stephen Hawking . If you want to find happiness, find gratitude-dd- Steve Maraboli . Gratitude is one of the sweet shortcuts to finding peace of mind and happiness inside-dd- No matter what is going on outside of us, there’s always something we could be grateful for-dd- Barry Neil Kaufman . Gratefulness is the key to a happy life that we hold in our hands, because if we are not grateful, then no matter how much we have we will not be happy – because we will always want to have something else or something more-dd- David Steindl-Rast . The things you really need are few and easy to come by; but the things you can imagine you need are infinite, and you will never be satisfied-dd- Epicurus . We’re a nation hungry for more joy: because we’re starving from a lack of gratitude-dd- Brené Brown (The Gifts of Imperfection) . Of the blessings set before you, make your choice, and be content-dd- Samuel Johnson . Gratitude is the state of mind of thankfulness-dd- As it is cultivated, we experience an increase in our “sympathetic joy,” our happiness at another’s happiness-dd- Just as in the cultivation of compassion, we may feel the pain of others, so we may begin to feel their joy as well-dd- And it doesn’t stop there-dd- Stephen Levine . Gratitude unlocks all that’s blocking us from really feeling truthful, really feeling authentic and vulnerable and happy-dd- Gabrielle Bernstein . Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more-dd- If you concentrate on what you don’t have, you will never, ever have enough-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Gratitude turns what we have into enough, and more-dd- It turns denial into acceptance, chaos into order, confusion into clarity… it makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow-dd- Melody Beattie . Happiness is itself a kind of gratitude-dd- Joseph Wood Krutch . A contented mind is the greatest blessing a man can enjoy in this world-dd- Joseph Addison . Gratitude helps you to grow and expand; gratitude brings joy and laughter into your life and into the lives of all those around you-dd- Eileen Caddy . Gratitude also opens your eyes to the limitless potential of the universe, while dissatisfaction closes your eyes to it-dd- Stephen Richards . The soul that gives thanks can find comfort in everything; the soul that complains can find comfort in nothing-dd- Hannah Whitall Smith . Expectation has brought me disappointment-dd- Disappointment has brought me wisdom-dd- Acceptance, gratitude and appreciation have brought me joy and fulfillment-dd- Rasheed Ogunlaru . Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed-dd- Happiness is a spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude-dd- Dennis Waitley . Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has plenty; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some-dd- Charles Dickens . It is impossible to feel grateful and depressed in the same moment-dd- Naomi Williams . It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom-dd- Marcel Proust . The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you-dd- John E-dd- Southard . Life has no blessing like a prudent friend-dd- Euripides . I awoke this morning with devout thanksgiving for my friends, the old and the new-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Sometimes the best way to appreciate something is to be without it for a while-dd- Unknown . There is nothing better than the encouragement of a good friend-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . The debt of gratitude we owe our mother and father goes forward, not backward-dd- What we owe our parents is the bill presented to us by our children-dd- Nancy Friday . Think with great gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us-dd- Albert Schweitzer . If you want to turn your life around, try thankfulness-dd- It will change your life mightily-dd- Gerald Good . What you focus on expands, and when you focus on the goodness in your life, you create more of it-dd- Opportunities, relationships, even money flowed my way when I learned to be grateful no matter what happened in my life-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Cultivate the habit of being grateful for every good thing that comes to you, and to give thanks continuously-dd- And because all things have contributed to your advancement, you should include all things in your gratitude-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . In all affairs, it’s a healthy thing now and then to hang a question mark on the things you have long taken for granted-dd- Bertrand Russell . Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more-dd- If you concentrate on what you don’t have, you will never, ever have enough-dd- Oprah Winfrey . We should certainly count our blessings, but we should also make our blessings count-dd- Neal A-dd- Maxwell . Embrace your life journey with gratitude, so that how you travel your path is more important than reaching your ultimate destination-dd- Rosalene Glickman . Acknowledging the good that you already have in your life is the foundation for all abundance-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself-dd- Henry Miller . Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world-dd- John Milton . Always remember to smile and look up at what you got in life-dd- Marilyn Monroe . The more you recognize and express gratitude for the things you have, the more things you will have to express gratitude for-dd- Zig Ziglar . In order to attract more of the blessings that life has to offer, you must truly appreciate what you already have-dd- Ralph Marston . Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted-dd- Aldous Huxley . The unthankful heart discovers no mercies; but the thankful heart will find, in every hour, some heavenly blessings-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Look at everything as though you were seeing it for the first or the last time, then your time on earth will be filled with glory-dd- Betty Smith . We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures-dd- Thorton Wilder . Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things-dd- Robert Brault . As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well used brings happy death-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . I still miss those I loved who are no longer with me but I find I am grateful for having loved them-dd- The gratitude has finally conquered the loss-dd- Rita Mae Brown . I knew a man who once said, “death smiles at us all; all a man can do is smile back-dd- Gladiator . Our death is not an end if we can live on in our children and the younger generation-dd- For they are us, our bodies are only wilted leaves on the tree of life-dd- Albert Einstein . I look at life as a gift of God-dd- Now that he wants it back I have no right to complain-dd- Joyce Cary . The fear of death follows from the fear of life-dd- A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time-dd- Mark Twain . Death may be the greatest of all human blessings-dd- Socrates . The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity-dd- Seneca . People living deeply have no fear of death-dd- Anais Nin . From my rotting body, flowers shall grow and I am in them and that is eternity-dd- Edvard Munch . Watching a peaceful death of a human being reminds us of a falling star; one of a million lights in a vast sky that flares up for a brief moment only to disappear into the endless night forever-dd- Elisabeth Kübler-Ross . Perhaps they are not stars, but rather openings in heaven where the love of our lost ones pours through and shines down upon us to let us know they are happy-dd- Eskimo proverb . I shall not die of a cold-dd- I shall die of having lived-dd- Willa Cat . Close your eyes-dd- Fall in love-dd- Stay there-dd- Rumi . Love is the bridge between you and everything-dd- Rumi . We are told that people stay in love because of chemistry, or because they remain intrigued with each other, because of many kindnesses, because of luck-dd- But part of it has got to be forgiveness and gratefulness-dd- Ellen Goodman . One regret dear world, that I am determined not to have when I am lying on my deathbed is that I did not kiss you enough-dd- Hafiz of Persia . When we focus on our gratitude, the tide of disappointment goes out and the tide of love rushes in-dd- Kristin Armstrong . If having a soul means being able to feel love and loyalty and gratitude, then animals are better off than a lot of humans-dd- James Herriot . Everyone enjoys being acknowledged and appreciated-dd- Sometimes even the simplest act of gratitude can change someone’s entire day-dd- Take the time to recognize and value the people around you and appreciate those who make a difference in your lives-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . I finally realized that being grateful to my body was key to giving more love to myself-dd- Oprah Winfrey . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The wound is the place where light enters you-dd- Rumi . If you’re more fortunate than others, build a longer table, not a taller fence-dd- Unknown . Kindness trumps greed: it asks for sharing-dd- Kindness trumps fear: it calls forth gratefulness and love-dd- Kindness trumps even stupidity, for with sharing and love, one learns-dd- Marc Estrin . Warmth is the vital element for the growing plant and for the soul of the child-dd- Carl Jung . Love and gratitude can part seas, move mountains, and create miracles-dd- Rhonda Byrne . The discipline of gratitude is the explicit effort to acknowledge that all I am and have is given to me as a gift of love, a gift to be celebrated with joy-dd- Henri Nouwen . If you have your health, if you have people in your life to love, you are blessed-dd- Slow down and enjoy the simple things in life-dd- Joel Osteen . When you give and carry out acts of kindness, it’s as though something inside your body responds and says, ‘Yes, this is how I ought to feel-dd- Rabbi Harold Kushner . It is a sign of mediocrity when you demonstrate gratitude with moderation-dd- Roberto Benigni . Wake at dawn with a winged heart and give thanks for another day of loving-dd- Khalil Gibran . Laughter is God’s blessing-dd- Joseph Prince . The best way to show my gratitude to God is to accept everything, even my problems, with joy-dd- Mother Teresa . Thank you is the best prayer that anyone could say-dd- I say that one a lot-dd- Thank you expresses extreme gratitude, humility, understanding-dd- Alice Walker . A single grateful thought toward heaven is the most complete prayer-dd- Gotthold Ephraim Lessing . If you only say one prayer in a day, make it thank you-dd- Rumi . No matter what’s happening, choose to be happy-dd- Don’t focus on what’s wrong-dd- Find something positive in your life-dd- Thank God for the small things-dd- Joel Osteen . Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us-dd- Socrates . It is generally true that all that is required to make men unmindful of what they owe God for any blessing is that they should receive that blessing often and regularly-dd- Richard Whately . Experience teaches us that we do not always receive the blessings we ask for in prayer-dd- Mary Baker Eddy . Appreciation can make a day, even change a life-dd- Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary-dd- Margaret Cousins . If you expect the blessings of God, be kind to His people-dd- Abu Bakr . To give thanks in solitude is enough-dd- Thanksgiving has wings and goes where it must go-dd- Your prayer knows much more about it than you do-dd- Victor Hugo . Reckon the days in which you have not been angry-dd- I used to be angry every day; now every other day; then every third and fourth day; and if you miss it so long as thirty days, offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving to God-dd- Epictetus . Every breath we draw is a gift of God’s love; every moment of existence is a grace-dd- Thomas Merton . Feeling grateful or appreciative of someone or something in your life actually attracts more of the things that you appreciate and value into your life-dd- Christiane Northrup . The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men-dd- It has God for its author; salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter-dd- It is all pure-dd- John Locke . A simple grateful thought turned heavenwards is the most perfect prayer-dd- Doris Lessing . Saying thank you is more than good manners-dd- It is good spirituality-dd- Alfred Painter . O Lord that lends me life, Lend me a heart replete with thankfulness-xx- William Shakespeare . In everything, give thanks-dd- Thessalonians 5:18 . Just to be is a blessing-dd- Just to live is holy-dd- Abraham Joshua Heschel . Whatever you appreciate and give thanks for will increase in your life-dd- Sanaya Roman . God gave you a gift of 84,600 seconds today-dd- Have you used one of them to say thank you-qq- William Arthur Ward . You pray in your distress and in your need; would that you might pray also in the fullness of your joy and in your days of abundance-dd- Kahlil Gibran . When I started counting my blessings my whole life turned around-dd- Willie Nelson . What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise-dd- Oscar Wilde . Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow-dd- Melody Beattie . The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness-dd- Dalai Lama . The most fortunate are those who have a wonderful capacity to appreciate again and again, freshly and naively, the basic goods of life, with awe, pleasure, wonder, and even ecstasy-dd- Abraham Maslow . When life is sweet, say thank you and celebrate-dd- And when life is bitter, say thank you and grow-dd- Shauna Niequist . Change, like sunshine, can be a friend or a foe, a blessing or a curse, a dawn or a dusk-dd- William Arthur Ward . As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . If we never experience the chill of a dark winter, it is very unlikely that we will ever cherish the warmth of a bright summer’s day-dd- Nothing stimulates our appetite for the simple joys of life more than the starvation caused by sadness or desperation-dd- In order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is vital that we turn each and every dark tear into a pearl of wisdom, and find the blessing in every curse-dd- Anthon St-dd- Maarten . There is as much greatness of mind in acknowledging a good turn, as in doing it-dd- Seneca . No one who achieves success does so without the help of others-dd- The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude-dd- Alfred North Whitehead . Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation-dd- Brian Tracy . I may not be where I want to be but I’m thankful for not being where I used to be-dd- Habeeb Akande . Believe that good things will happen and they will-dd- Unknown . Be grateful for what you have, work hard for what you don’t have-dd- Unknown . Gratitude for the present moment and the fullness of life now is the true prosperity-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Let us remember that, as much has been given us, much will be expected from us, and that true homage comes from the heart as well as from the lips, and shows itself in deeds-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Love your mistake as much as your accomplishments-dd- Because without mistakes, there wouldn’t be any accomplishments-dd- Unknown . To educate yourself for the feeling of gratitude means to take nothing for granted, but to always seek out and value the kind that will stand behind the action-dd- Nothing that is done for you is a matter of course-dd- Everything originates in a will for the good, which is directed at you-dd- Train yourself never to put off the word or action for the expression of gratitude-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Our real blessings often appear to us in the shape of pains, losses and disappointments; but let us have patience and we soon shall see them in their proper figures-dd- Joseph Addison . Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess-dd- And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up-dd- Steve Maraboli . Free yourself from the complexities and drama of your life-dd- Simplify-dd- Look within-dd- Within ourselves we all have the gifts and talents we need to fulfill the purpose we’ve been blessed with-dd- Steve Maraboli . The way to develop the best that is in a person is by appreciation and encouragement-dd- Charles Schwab . The first wealth is health-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Good health and good sense are two of life’s greatest blessings-dd- Publilius Syrus . A wise man should consider that health is the greatest of human blessings, and learn how by his own thought to derive benefit from his illnesses-dd- Hippocrates . Make choices that bring love and joy to your body-dd- It’s not about perfection; it’s about love and gratitude for an amazing body that works hard and deserves your respect-dd- Alysia Reiner . The groundwork of all happiness is health-dd- Leigh Hunt . Health is the greatest possession-dd- Contentment is the greatest treasure-dd- Confidence is the greatest friend-dd- Non-being is the greatest joy-dd- Lao Tzu . Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year-dd- Franklin P-dd- Adams . Happiness lies first of all in health-dd- George William Curtis . Be happy, healthy, and let all that love flow through your heart-dd- Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . Happiness is good health and a bad memory-dd- Ingrid Bergman . Laughter is spiritual health-dd- Osho . Self love is the way to inner health and growth of self knowing-dd- This love grows and blossoms through seven pillars of inner light-dd- Love nourishes and soon spreads on it own accord to others-dd- Osho . Hate is unnatural-dd- Love is a state of health; hate is a state of illness-dd- Osho . Without health life is not life; it is only a state of langour and suffering – an image of death-dd- Buddha . Health is the soul that animates all the enjoyments of life, which fade and are tasteless without it-dd- Seneca . Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . The miracle is not to walk on water-dd- The miracle is to walk on the green earth, dwelling deeply in the present moment and feeling truly alive-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . When eating bamboo sprouts, remember the man who planted them-dd- Chinese proverb . There are a thousand ways to kneel and kiss the earth-dd- Rumi . Breathe-dd- Let go-dd- And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure-dd- Oprah Winfrey . There is a calmness to a life lived in gratitude, a quiet joy-dd- Ralph H-dd- Blum . You should rather be grateful for the weeds you have in your mind, because eventually they will enrich your practice-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot-dd- Hansa proverb . Gratitude opens the door to the power, the wisdom, the creativity of the universe-dd- You open the door through gratitude-dd- Deepak Chopra . I’m grateful for always this moment, the now, no matter what form it takes-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Happiness is a state of inner fulfillment, not the gratification of inexhaustible desires for outward things-dd- Matthieu Ricard (TED talk video) . Let us live simply in the freshness of the present moment, in the clarity of pure awakened mind-dd- . Prepare yourself so that you have no regrets-dd- Think now-dd- The things that you do, like trying to get rid of your competitors, and making one more million dollars, are they going to bring you a peaceful death-qq- Are you really going to be happy when you die-qq- . While it may be difficult to change the world, it is always possible to change the way we look at it-dd- . The basic root of happiness lies in our minds; outer circumstances are nothing more than adverse or favourable-dd- . Happiness is a skill, emotional balance is a skill, compassion and altruism are skills, and like any skill they need to be developed-dd- That’s what education is about-dd- . We do all kinds of things to remain beautiful yet we spend surprisingly little time taking care of what matters most: the way our mind functions-dd- . We don’t mind spending 15 years on education, why not the same to become a better human being-qq- . We deal with our mind from morning till evening, and it can be our best friend or our worst enemy-dd- . Wisdom and compassion should become the dominating influences that guide our thoughts, our words, and our actions-dd- . Yesterday is history-dd- Tomorrow is a mystery-dd- But today is a gift-dd- That’s why they call it the present-dd- . It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . He who has health has hope; and he who has hope has everything-dd- Arabian proverb . Man needs difficulties; they are necessary for health-dd- Carl Jung . Keep your vitality-dd- A life without health is like a river without water-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Three things in life – your health, your mission, and the people you love-dd- That’s it-dd- Naval Ravikant . A fit body, a calm mind, a house full of love-dd- These things cannot be bought – they must be earned-dd- Naval Ravikant . True silence is the rest of the mind, and is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment-dd- William Penn . Happiness is the highest form of health-dd- Dalai Lama . The human body is the best picture of the human soul-dd- Tony Robbins . Doctors won’t make you healthy-dd- Nutritionists won’t make you slim-dd- Teachers won’t make you smart-dd- Gurus won’t make you calm-dd- Mentors won’t make you rich-dd- Trainers won’t make you fit-dd- Ultimately, you have to take responsibility-dd- Save yourself-dd- Naval Ravikant . The greatest wealth is health-dd- Virgil . Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food-dd- Hippocrates . You’re in pretty good shape for the shape you are in-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . When the heart is at ease, the body is healthy-dd- Chinese proverb . In a disordered mind, as in a disordered body, soundness of health is impossible-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Your health is what you make of it-dd- Everything you do and think either adds to the vitality, energy and spirit you possess or takes away from it-dd- Ann Wigmore . A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures in the doctor’s-dd- Irish proverb . Give a man health and a course to steer, and he’ll never stop to trouble about whether he’s happy or not-dd- George Bernard Shaw . The scientific truth may be put quite briefly; eat moderately, having an ordinary mixed diet, and don’t worry-dd- Robert Hutchison . Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Before healing others, heal yourself-dd- Gambian saying . I believe that the greatest gift you can give your family and the world is a healthy you-dd- Joyce Meyer . Moderation-dd- Small helpings-dd- Sample a little bit of everything-dd- These are the secrets of happiness and good health-dd- Julia Child . It is exercise alone that supports the spirits, and keeps the mind in vigor-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Nobody can be in good health if he does not have all the time fresh air, sunshine and good water-dd- Flying Hawk (Native American saying) . The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, not to worry about the future, or not to anticipate troubles, but to live in the present moment wisely and earnestly-dd- Buddha . Keeping your body healthy is an expression of gratitude to the whole cosmos – the trees, the clouds, everything-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Life is like a tree and its root is consciousness-dd- Therefore, once we tend the root, the tree as a whole will be healthy-dd- Deepak Chopra . True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it is lost-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Good humor is the health of the soul, sadness is its poison-dd- Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield . A sad soul can kill you quicker than a germ-dd- John Steinbeck . Sickness – nature’s vengeance for violating her laws-dd- Charles Simmons . After dinner rest a while; after supper walk a mile-dd- T-dd- Cogan . In order to change we must be sick and tired of being sick and tired-dd- Unknown . You can’t enjoy wealth if you’re not in good health-dd- Unknown . The wish for healing has always been half of health-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . The greatest of follies is to sacrifice health for any other kind of happiness-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . What is called genius is the abundance of life and health-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Good health and good sense are two of life’s greatest blessings-dd- Publilius Syrus . Your body hears everything your mind says-dd- Naomi Judd (This is one of my favorite health quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Health consists with temperance alone-dd- Alexander Pope . Health is a relationship between you and your body-dd- Unknown . Health is a large word-dd- It embraces not the body only, but the mind and spirit as well; …and not today’s pain or pleasure alone, but the whole being and outlook of a man-dd- James H-dd- West . Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of year-dd- Franklin P-dd- Adams . Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship-dd- Buddha . Physical fitness is not only one of the most important keys to a healthy body, it is the basis of dynamic and creative intellectual activity-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . I have chosen to be happy because it is good for my health-dd- Voltaire . When a man is ill his very goodness is sickly-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . An apple a day keeps the doctor away-dd- Unknown . Eat to live, not live to eat-dd- Socrates . Health is the first muse, comprising the magical benefits of air, landscape, and bodily exercise on the mind-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I stand in awe of my body-dd- Henry David Thoreau . There is one consolation in being sick; and that is the possibility that you may recover to a better state than you were ever in before-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Our bodies are our gardens – our wills are our gardeners-dd- William Shakespeare . Prevention is better than cure-dd- Desiderius Erasmus . The biggest disease today is not leprosy or tuberculosis, but rather the feeling of being unwanted-dd- Mother Teresa . I am confident that nobody will accuse me of selfishness if I ask to spend time, while I am still in good health, with my family, my friends and also with myself-dd- Nelson Mandela . Money doesn’t mean anything to me-dd- I’ve made a lot of money, but I want to enjoy life and not stress myself building my bank account-dd- I give lots away and live simply, mostly out of a suitcase in hotels-dd- We all know that good health is much more important-dd- Keanu Reeves . Love is not as important as good health-dd- You cannot be in love if you’re not healthy-dd- You can’t appreciate it-dd- Bryan Cranston (Breaking Bad) . The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don’t want, drink what you don’t like, and do what you’d rather not-dd- Mark Twain . The really important thing is not to live, but to live well… and to live well means the same thing as to live honourably or rightly-dd- Socrates . The best doctors gives the least medicine-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Nothing is more fatal to health, than an over care of it-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Walking is the best possible exercise-dd- Habituate yourself to walk very far-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Our greatest happiness does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading-dd- I will rather say more necessary because health is worth more than learning-dd- Thomas Jefferson . The doctor of the future will give no medicines, but will interest his patients in the care of the human frame, in diet, and in the causes and prevention of disease-dd- Thomas Edison . Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have-dd- Winston Churchill . Water, air, and cleanness are the chief articles in my pharmacy-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Health is not valued until sickness comes-dd- Thomas Fuller . The first wealth is health-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Fresh air impoverishes the doctor-dd- Danish proverb . Health and intellect are the two blessings of life-dd- Menander . Well-being is enough wealth-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . Let your body be your holy temple-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . Garbage in garbage out-dd- George Fuechsel . Inhale-dd- Exhale-dd- Unknown . Keep going-dd- Unknown . Having a healthy mind is just as important as a healty body-dd- Unknown . Eat right, exercise regularly, die anyway-dd- Unknown . If you think wellness is expensive, try illness-dd- Unknown . An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure-dd- Unknown . Your health is an investment, not an expense-dd- Unknown . A man grows most tired while standing still-dd- Chinese proverb . If you would live long, open your heart-dd- Bulgarian saying . There are some remedies worse than the disease-dd- Publilius Syrus . Health and cheerfulness are brothers-dd- William Hardcastle Browne . When the head aches, all the body is the worse-dd- English proverb . He who can believe himself well, will be well-dd- Ovid . Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body-dd- Joseph Addison . Most people have no idea how good their body is designed to feel-dd- Kevin Trudeau . Know, then, whatever cheerful and serene supports the mind supports the body too-dd- John Armstrong . Your body holds deep wisdom-dd- Trust in it-dd- Learn from it-dd- Nourish it-dd- Watch your life transform and be healthy-dd- Bella Bleue . Embrace and love your body-dd- It’s the most amazing thing you will ever own-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . The higher your energy level, the more efficient your body-dd- The more efficient your body, the better you feel and the more you will use your talent to produce outstanding results-dd- Tony Robbins . Use your health, even to the point of wearing it out-dd- That is what it is for-dd- Spend all you have before you die; do not outlive yourself-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Most of us would be upset if we were accused of being ‘silly-dd-’ But the word ‘silly’ comes from the old English word ‘selig’ and its literal definition is ‘to be blessed, happy, healthy and prosperous’-dd- Zig Ziglar . Never continue in a job you don’t enjoy-dd- If you’re happy in what you’re doing, you’ll like yourself, you’ll have inner peace-dd- And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined-dd- Johnny Carson . The chief condition on which life, health, and vigor depend on, is action-dd- It is by action that an organism develops its faculties, increases its energy, and attains the fulfillment of its destiny-dd- Colin Powell . If we could give every individual the right amount of nourishment and exercise, not too little and not too much, we would have found the safest way to health-dd- Hippocrates . If we are creating ourselves all the time, then it is never too late to begin creating the bodies we want instead of the ones we mistakenly assume we are stuck with-dd- Deepak Chopra . Look up, laugh loud, talk big, keep the color in your cheek and the fire in your eye, adorn your person, maintain your health, your beauty and your animal spirits-dd- William Hazlitt . Knowing that we can be loved exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people-dd- Fred Rogers . But the real secret to lifelong good health is actually the opposite: Let your body take care of you-dd- Deepak Chopra . I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol-dd- Steven Wright . Be careful about reading health books-dd- You may die of a misprint-dd- Mark Twain . The second day of a diet is always easier than the first-dd- By the second day you’re off it-dd- Jackie Gleason . I know a man who gave up smoking, drinking, sex, and rich food-dd- He was healthy right up to the day he killed himself-dd- Johnny Carson . Exercise is a dirty word-dd- Every time I hear it, I wash my mouth out with chocolate-dd- Charles M-dd- Schulz . After these two, Dr-dd- Diet and Dr-dd- Quiet, Dr-dd- Merriman is requisite to preserve health-dd- James Howell . Rule No-dd-37-dd- The whiter the bread, the sooner you’ll be dead-dd- Michael Pollan . Health of body and mind is a great blessing, if we can bear it-dd- John Henry Cardinal Newman . A man’s health can be judged by which he takes two at a time – pills or stairs-dd- Joan Welsh . Good health is not something we can buy-dd- However, it can be an extremely valuable savings account-dd- Anne Wilson Schaef . If I’d known I was going to live this long, I’d have taken better care of myself-dd- Eubie Blake . Anybody’s soap is superior to somebody else’s stink killer-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . Health is merely the slowest way someone can die-dd- Unknown . Many people treat their bodies as if they were rented from Hertz – something they are using to get around in but nothing they genuinely care about understanding-dd- Chungliang Al Huang . To be stupid and selfish and to have good health are the three requirements for happiness-dd- Though if stupidity is lacking, the others are useless-dd- Stefan Sagmeister . If you do everything you should do, and do not do anything you should not do, you will, according to the best available statistics, live exactly eighteen hours longer than you would otherwise-dd- Logan Clendening . First need in the reform of hospital management-qq- That’s easy-xx- The death of all dietitians, and the resurrection of a French chef-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . Doctors are always working to preserve our health and cooks to destroy it, but the latter are the more often successful-dd- Denis Diderot . Joy and temperance and repose, slam the door on the doctor’s nose-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . There’s lots of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven’t the time to enjoy it-dd- Josh Billings . A bad cold wouldn’t be so annoying if it weren’t for the advice of our friends-dd- Kin Hubbard . I reckon being ill as one of the great pleasures of life, provided one is not too ill and is not obliged to work till one is better-dd- Samuel Butler . Life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon-dd- Doug Larson . Money cannot buy health, but I’d settle for a diamond-studded wheelchair-dd- Dorothy Parker . I think you might dispense with half your doctors if you would only consult Dr-dd- Sun more-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . The part can never be well unless the whole is well-dd- Plato . It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Objection, evasion, joyous distrust, and love of irony are signs of health; everything absolute belongs to pathology-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . There is something in sickness that breaks down the pride of manhood-dd- Charles Dickens . How sickness enlarges the dimension of a man’s self to himself-xx- Charles Lamb . Happiness lies, first of all, in health-dd- George William Curtis . If man thinks about his physical or moral state he usually discovers that he is ill-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The trouble with always trying to preserve the health of the body is that it is so difficult to do without destroying the health of the mind-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . Promise a great and total change — from poor to rich, sickness to health, misery to ecstasy — and you will have followers-dd- Robert Greene . The root of all health is in the brain-dd- The trunk of it is in emotion-dd- The branches and leaves are the body-dd- The flower of health blooms when all parts work together-dd- Kurdish Saying . A healthy body is a guest chamber for the soul: a sick body is a prison-dd- Francis Bacon Sr . Sickness always brings the soul nearer to God-dd- James Lendall Basford . People who are always taking care of their health are like misers who are hoarding a treasure which they have never spirit enough to enjoy-dd- Laurence Sterne . If you have health, you probably will be happy, and if you have health and happiness, you have all the wealth you need, even if it is not all you want-dd- Elbert Hubbard . A sound mind in a sound body, is a short, but full description of a happy state in this world: he that has these two, has little more to wish for; and he that wants either of them, will be little the better for anything else-dd- John Locke . We are healthy only to the extent that our ideas are humane-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Diseases of the soul are more dangerous and more numerous than those of the body-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Illness tells us what we are-dd- Italian saying . To avoid sickness eat less; to prolong life worry less-dd- Chu Hui Weng . From the bitterness of disease man learns the sweetness of health-dd- Catalan proverb . The appearance of a disease is swift as an arrow; its disappearance slow, like a thread-dd- Chinese proverb . To keep the body in good health is a duty otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear-dd- Buddha . Without health life is not life; it is only a state of languor and suffering – an image of death-dd- Buddha . Love, success, family and friends all come after my health-dd- No health, no enjoyment-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you are going to heal in a magnificent way, you have to feel magnificent-dd- Joe Dispenza . My number one priority in life, above my happiness, above my family, above my work, is my own health-dd- It starts with my physical health-dd- Naval Ravikant . So many people spend their health gaining wealth, and then have to spend their wealth to regain their health-dd- A-dd-J-dd- Reb Materi . In minds crammed with thoughts, organs clogged with toxins, and bodies stiffened with neglect, there is just no space for anything else-dd- Alison Rose Levy . When wealth is lost, nothing is lost; when health is lost, something is lost; when character is lost, all is lost-dd- Billy Graham . If by gaining knowledge we destroy our health, we labour for a thing that will be useless in our hands-dd- John Locke . Look to your health; and if you have it, praise God, and value it next to a good conscience; for health is the second blessing that we mortals are capable of; a blessing that money cannot buy-dd- Izaak Walton . The patient should be made to understand that he or she must take charge of his own life-dd- Don’t take your body to the doctor as if he were a repair shop-dd- Quentin Regestein . Criticism may not be agreeable, but it is necessary-dd- It fulfills the same function as pain in the human body-dd- It calls attention to an unhealthy state of things-dd- Winston Churchill . Poor health is not caused by something you don’t have; it’s caused by disturbing something that you already have-dd- Healthy is not something that you need to get, it’s something you have already if you don’t disturb it-dd- Dean Ornish . I have looked through the list of illnesses, and did not find cares or sad thoughts mentioned among them-dd- That is a mistake, surely-dd- Georg Christoph Lichtenberg . When health is absent, wisdom cannot reveal itself, art cannot manifest, strength cannot fight, wealth becomes useless, and intelligence cannot be applied-dd- Herophilus . Physical ills are the taxes laid upon this wretched life; some are taxed higher, and some lower, but all pay something-dd- Lord Chesterfield . What man is happy-qq- He who has a healthy body, a resourceful mind, and a docile nature-dd- Thales Of Miletus . There is no one giant step that does it-dd- It’s a lot of little steps-dd- Unknown . Those who think they have no time for healthy eating… will sooner or later have to find time for illness-dd- Edward Stanley . We drink to one another’s health and spoil our own-dd- Jerome K-dd- Jerome . Don’t defy the diagnosis, try to defy the verdict-dd- Norman Cousins . Disease is somatic; the suffering from it, psychic-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . Your prayer must be for a sound mind in a sound body-dd- Juvenal . It is part of the cure to want to be cured-dd- Seneca . The best and most efficient pharmacy is within your own system-dd- Robert C-dd- Peale . He who takes medicine and neglects to diet wastes the skill of his doctors-dd- Chinese proverb . The soul always knows what to do to heal itself-dd- The challenge is to silence the mind-dd- Caroline Myss . If you want to enjoy health, start this very moment to cleanse your consciousness of all wrong thinking and rid it of every thought except the thought of love-dd- James B-dd- Schafer . Each patient carries his own doctor inside him-dd- They come to us now knowing this truth-dd- We are at our best when they give the doctor who resides within each patient a chance to go to work-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity-dd- Hippocrates . Illness is the result of imbalance-dd- Imbalance is a result of forgetting who you are-dd- Forgetting who you are creates thoughts and actions that lead to an unhealthy lifestyle and eventually to illness…-dd- Illness can thus be understood as a lesson you have given yourself to help you remember who you are-dd- Barbara Brennan . Build up your health-dd- Do not dwell in silence upon your sorrows-dd- Swami Vivekananda . We need to change the culture of this topic and make it OK to speak about mental health and suicide-dd- Luke Richardson . Doctors don’t know everything really-dd- They understand matter, not spirit-dd- And you and I live in the spirit-dd- William Saroyan . You are not a mistake-dd- You are not a problem to be solved-dd- But you won’t discover this until you are willing to stop banging your head against the wall of shaming and caging and fearing yourself-dd- Geneen Roth . The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen-dd- Just listen-dd- Perhaps the most important thing we ever give each other is our attention… A loving silence often has far more power to heal and to connect than the most well-intentioned words-dd- Rachel Naomi Remen . Healing is not linear-dd- Unknown . A certain darkness is needed to see the stars-dd- Unknown . Switch your mentality from “I’m broken and helpless” to “I’m growing and healing” and watch how your life changes, for the better-dd- Unknown . The mind has great influence over the body, and maladies often have their origin there-dd- Jean Baptiste Moliere . The best six doctors anywhere and no one can deny it are sunshine, water, rest, air, exercise and diet-dd- Wayne Fields . No matter how much it gets abused, the body can restore balance-dd- The first rule is to stop interfering with nature-dd- Deepak Chopra . The natural healing force in each one of us is the greatest force in getting well-dd- Hippocrates . The most important thing in illness is never to lose heart-dd- Nikolai Lenin . It’s so important to realize that every time you get upset, it drains your emotional energy-dd- Losing your cool makes you tired-dd- Getting angry a lot messes with your health-dd- Joyce Meyer . The day we decide to drop the flimsy makeshift scenarios in our cluttered mind and eschew the ‘alleluias’ of self-importance, life can become genuine, lucid and graceful, like a flow of wellness in the glow of a new morning-dd- Erik Pevernagie . I got well by talking-dd- Death could not get a word in edgewise, grew discouraged, and traveled on-dd- Louise Erdrich . Addiction brings apathy-dd- Break the apathy, and you break the addiction-dd- Mango Wodzak . If I had not been already been meditating, I would certainly have had to start-dd- I’ve treated my own depression for many years with exercise and meditation, and I’ve found that to be a tremendous help-dd- Judy Collins . Every symptom has a story to tell about your life-dd- A fascinating story, that can reveal the complex links between your body, mind, emotions and spirit-dd- Kristina Turner . Happiness is a healed heart-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . If we seek solitary retreat, you will be more often refreshed-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . Often it’s the deepest pain which empowers you to grow into your highest self-dd- Karen Salmansohn . A healthy outside starts from the inside-dd- Robert Urich . Health and cheerfulness naturally beget each other-dd- Joseph Addison . Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The ability to be in the present moment is a major component of mental wellness-dd- Abraham Maslow . To me, good health is more than just exercise and diet-dd- Its really a point of view and a mental attitude you have about yourself-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Mental health isn’t all of me, but it’s a massive part of my journey and a massive part of my whole being-dd- Adwoa Aboah . A merry heart doeth good like a medicine, but a broken spirit dries the bones-dd- Proverbs 17:22 . Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life-dd- Buddha . People have a hard time letting go of their suffering-dd- Out of a fear of the unknown, they prefer suffering that is familiar-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . It’s better to be healthy alone than sick with someone else-dd- Phil McGraw . Know your worth-dd- Unknown . Take care of your mind, your body will thank you-dd- Take care of your body, your mind will thank you-dd- Debbie Hampton . People who laugh actually live longer than those who don’t laugh-dd- Few persons realize that health actually varies according to the amount of laughter-dd- James J-dd- Walsh . You can look in the mirror and find a million things wrong with yourself-dd- Or you can look in the mirror and think, ‘I feel good, I have my health, and I’m so blessed-dd-’ That’s the way I choose to look at it-dd- Isla Fisher . The existence of illness in the body may no doubt be called a shadow of the true illness which is held by man in his mind-dd- Hazrat Khan . You are as important to your health as it is to you-dd- Terri Guillemets (quotegarden-dd-com) . The human body has been designed to resist an infinite number of changes and attacks brought about by its environment-dd- The secret of good health lies in successful adjustment to changing stresses on the body-dd- Harry J-dd- Johnson . With every pill we have prescribed for us we should also be given a creative prayer, a suggested way to correct our destructive patterns of thought-dd- Ernest Holmes . Hell is wanting to be somewhere different from where you are-dd- Being one place and wanting to be somewhere else… Wanting life to be different from what it is-dd- That’s also called leaving without leaving-dd- Dying before you die-dd- It’s as if there is a part of you that so rails against being shattered by love that you shatter yourself first-dd- Geneen Roth . The existence of illness in the body may no doubt be called a shadow of the true illness which is held by man in his mind-dd- Hazrat Khan . A bodily disease, which we look upon as whole and entire within itself, may, after all, be but a symptom of some ailment in the spiritual part-dd- Nathaniel Hawthorne . When you discover something that nourishes your soul and brings joy, care enough to make room for it in your life-dd- Jean Shinoda Bolen . I am mentally ill-dd- I can say that-dd- I am not ashamed of that-dd- I survived that, I’m still surviving it, but bring it on-dd- Carrie Fisher . If you have a bad thought about yourself, tell it to go to hell because that’s exactly where it came from-dd- Brigham Young . Whoever count his blessings, shall be content-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . Health is more about wellness rather than sickness-dd- Matt Purcell . The groundwork for all happiness is good health-dd- Leigh Hunt . An imaginary ailment is worse than a disease-dd- Yiddish proverb . Man is what he eats-dd- Lucretius . Exercise is king-dd- Nutrition is queen-dd- Put them together and you’ve got a kingdom-dd- Jack Lalanne . Our children’s health and well-being are dependent on our commitment to promoting food access and good eating habits at home, at school and in the community-dd- Rod Blagojevich . The food you eat can either be the safest & most powerful form of medicine…or the slowest form of poison-dd- Ann Wigmore . Any food that requires enhancing by the use of chemical substances should in no way be considered a food-dd- John H-dd- Tobe . Wine is the most healthful and most hygienic of beverages-dd- Louis Pasteur . If you can’t pronounce it, don’t eat it-dd- Unknown . When diet is wrong, medicine is of no use-dd- When diet is correct, medicine is of no need-dd- Ayurvedic proverb . Tell me what you eat, and I will tell you what you are-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . Processed foods not only extend the shelf life, but they extend the waistline as well-dd- Karen Sessions . Don’t eat anything incapable of rotting-dd- Michael Pollan . If it came from a plant, eat it-dd- If it was made in a plant, don’t-dd- Michael Pollan . Don’t eat anything your great-great grandmother wouldn’t recognize as food-dd- Michael Pollan . Eat food-dd- Not too much-dd- Mostly plants-dd- Michael Pollan . We know that food is a medicine, perhaps the most powerful drug on the planet with the power to cause or cure most disease-dd- Dr Mark Hyman . A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools-dd- Spanish proverb . Even in this high-tech age, the low-tech plant continues to be the key to nutrition and health-dd- Jack Weatherford . Today more than 95% of all chronic disease is caused by food choice, toxic food ingredients, nutritional deficiencies, and lack of physical exercise-dd- Mike Adams . If you need medical advice, let these three things be your physicians; a cheerful mind, relaxation from business, and a moderate diet-dd- Schola Salern . Drinking water is essential to a healthy lifestyle-dd- Stephen Curry . An over-indulgence of anything, even something as pure as water, can intoxicate-dd- Criss Jami . We are indeed much more than what we eat, but what we eat can nevertheless help us to be much more than what we are-dd- Adelle Davis . Preserving the health by too strict a regimen is a wearisome malady-dd- François Duc de la Rochefoucauld . Water is life, and clean water means health-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Life is not merely to be alive, but to be well-dd- Marcus Valerius Martial . A fit, healthy body – that is the best fashion statement-dd- Jess C-dd- Scott . Sleep is that golden chain that ties health and our bodies together-dd- Thomas Dekker . The best advice is found on the pillow-dd- Danish proverb . Eat well, drink in moderation, and sleep sound, in these three good health abounds-dd- Latin proverb . Ill health is due to man’s artificiality of living-dd- He lives indoors-dd- He becomes, as it were, a hothouse plant-dd- Such a plant is never as successful as a hardy garden plant is-dd- An outdoor life is necessary to health and success, especially in a youth-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . Health is a state of body-dd- Wellness is a state of being-dd- J-dd- Stanford . If you don’t take care of yourself, the undertaker will overtake that responsibility for you-dd- Carrie Latet . Wellness is the compete integration of body, mind, and spirit – the realization that everything we do, think, feel, and believe has an effect on our state of well-being-dd- Greg Anderson . Health is a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being, and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity-dd- World Health Organization . Health is a state of complete harmony of the body, mind and spirit-dd- When one is free from physical disabilities and mental distractions, the gates of the soul open-dd- B-dd-K-dd-S-dd- Iyengar . To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life-dd- William Londen . If one’s bowels move, one is happy; and if they don’t move, one is unhappy-dd- That is all there is to it-dd- Lin Yutang . Happily we are learning that the mind has to do with the misdeeds of the body, and that there are no more valuable therapeutic agents than cheerfulness, happiness, and hope-dd- Olive Thorne Miller . Eliminating the things you love is not wellness-dd- Wellness feeds your soul and makes you feel good-dd- Iman . Nurturing yourself is not selfish – it’s essential to your survival and your well-being-dd- Renee Peterson Trudeau . As I see it, every day you do one of two things: build health or produce disease in yourself-dd- Adelle Davis . Sufficient sleep, exercise, healthy food, friendship, and peace of mind are necessities, not luxuries-dd- Mark Halperin . The power of community to create health is far greater than any physician, clinic or hospital-dd- Mark Hyman . Rest when you’re weary-dd- Refresh and renew yourself, your body, your mind, your spirit-dd- Then get back to work-dd- Ralph Marston . Those obsessed with health are not healthy; the first requisite of good health is a certain calculated carelessness about oneself-dd- Sydney J-dd- Harris . Good health is a duty to yourself, to your contemporaries, to your inheritors, to the progress of the world-dd- Gwendolyn Brooks . Wellness encompasses a healthy body, a sound mind, and a tranquil spirit-dd- Enjoy the journey as you strive for wellness-dd- Laurette Gagnon Beaulieu . Wellness is not a ‘medical fix’ but a way of living – a lifestyle sensitive and responsive to all the dimensions of body, mind, and spirit, an approach to life we each design to achieve our highest potential for well-being now and forever-dd- Greg Anderson . Wellness is the compete integration of body, mind, and spirit – the realization that everything we do, think, feel, and believe has an effect on our state of well-being-dd- Greg Anderson . Wellness seeks more than the absence of illness; it searches for new levels of excellence-dd- Beyond any disease-free neutral point, wellness dedicates its efforts to our total well-being – in body, mind, and spirit-dd- Greg Anderson . Wellness, I came to realize, will not happen by accident-dd- It must be a daily practice, especially for those of us who are more susceptible to the oppressiveness of the world-dd- Jenna Wortham . A great hallmark of mental wellness is the ability to be in the present moment, fully and with no thoughts of being elsewhere-dd- Wayne Dyer . A healthy lifestyle is the most potent medicine at your disposal-dd- Sravani Saha Nakhro . Self-care is how you take your power back-dd- Lalah Delia . The wellness and prevention market will outgrow the health care market-dd- Leroy Hood . If you look at healthcare today, it’s all about disease-dd- It’s not about understanding wellness at all-dd- Leroy Hood . America’s health care system is neither healthy, caring, nor a system-dd- Walter Conkite . I appreciate health care that gets to the root cause of our symptoms and promotes wellness, rather than the one-size-fits-all drug-based approach to treating disease-dd- I love maintaining an optimal quality of life – naturally-dd- Suzanne Somers . The art of medicine consists of amusing the patient while nature cures the disease-dd- Voltaire . Mainstream medicine would be way different if they focused on prevention even half as much as they focused on intervention-dd- Unknown . The goal of real healthcare reform must be high-quality, universal coverage in a cost-effective way-dd- Bernie Sanders . The U-dd-S-dd- has the most dysfunctional healthcare system in the industrial world, has about twice the per capita costs, and some of the worst outcomes-dd- It’s also the only privatized system-dd- Noam Chomsky . Healthcare is the cornerstone of the socialist state-dd- It is the crown jewel of the welfare state-dd- Monica Crowley . Access to maternal healthcare is a human right-dd- Christy Turlington . There should be choice in healthcare-dd- Anne Wojcicki . America’s health care system is in crisis precisely because we systematically neglect wellness and prevention-dd- Tom Harkin . True healthcare reform starts in your kitchen, not in Washington-dd- Unknown . A feeble body weakens the mind-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Walking is man’s best medicine-dd- Hippocrates . An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day-dd- Henry David Thoreau . In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks-dd- John Muir . Lack of activity destroys the good condition of every human being, while movement and methodical physical exercise save it and preserve it-dd- Plato . Exercise is the key not only to physical health but to peace of mind-dd- Nelson Mandela . Yoga is at the core of my health and wellness routine; even if it’s only for 10 to 15 minutes I find it helps me to re-center and to focus as well as improve my overall core strength-dd- Miranda Kerr . A vigorous five-mile walk will do more good for an unhappy but otherwise healthy adult than all the medicine and psychology in the world-dd- Paul Dudley White . Sedentary people are apt to have sluggish minds-dd- A sluggish mind is apt to be reflected in flabbiness of body and in a dullness of expression that invites no interest and gets none-dd- Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy . The five S’s of sports training are: stamina, speed, strength, skill, and spirit; but the greatest of these is spirit-dd- Ken Doherty . True enjoyment comes from activity of the mind and exercise of the body; the two are ever united-dd- Wilhelm von Humboldt . Strength does not come from the physical capacity-dd- It comes from an indomitable will-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Our growing softness, our increasing lack of physical fitness, is a menace to our security-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Your body is a temple, but only if you treat it as one-dd- Astrid Alauda . Movement is a medicine for creating change in a person’s physical, emotional, and mental states-dd- Carol Welch . We do not stop exercising because we grow old – we grow old because we stop exercising-dd- Kenneth Cooper . Your body is the church where Nature asks to be reverenced-dd- Marquis de Sade . My father considered a walk among the mountains as the equivalent of churchgoing-dd- Aldous Huxley . Walking is cheap, fun, safe and acceptable exercise-dd- Annie Taylor . Running is alone time that lets my brain unspool the tangles that build up over days-dd- Rob Haneisen . Running allows me to set my mind free-dd- Nothing seems impossible-dd- Nothing unattainable-dd- Kara Goucher . Run often-dd- Run long-dd- But never outrun your joy of running-dd- Julie Isphording . If you want to change your body, exercise-dd- If you want to change your life, become a runner-dd- Unknown . Being healthy and fit isn’t a fad or a trend, it’s a lifestyle-dd- Unknown . Remember that any exercise is better than no exercise-dd- Unknown . If you’re too busy to workout, your priorities need to change-dd- I can’t think of too many things more important than your health-dd- Rolsey . Developing inner values is much like physical exercise-dd- The more we train our abilities, the stronger they become-dd- The difference is that, unlike the body, when it comes to training the mind, there is no limit to how far we can go-dd- Dalai Lama . The very heart of yoga practice is ‘abyhasa’ – steady effort in the direction you want to go-dd- Sally Kempton . Yoga means addition – addition of energy, strength and beauty to body, mind and soul-dd- Amit Ray . Yoga is invigoration in relaxation-dd- Freedom in routine-dd- Confidence through self-control-dd- Energy within and energy without-dd- Ymber Delecto . Yoga is the journey of the self, through the self, to the self-dd- Bhagavad Gita . Yoga is 99% practice and 1% theory-dd- Sri Krishna Pattabhi Jois . Yoga teaches you how to listen to your body-dd- Mariel Hemingway . For every hour Charles Dickens wrote, he walked an hour-dd- Mary Pipher . To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise-dd- Gene Tunney . Take care of your body-dd- It’s the only place you have to live-dd- Jim Rohn . Without tenderness, a man is uninteresting-dd- Marlene Dietrich . Never look down on anybody unless you’re helping them up-dd- Jesse Jackson . The fragrance always stays in the hand that gives the rose-dd- Hada Bejar . A great man shows his greatness by the way he treats little men-dd- Thomas Carlyle . An egoist lives in poverty-dd- A kind person lives in abundance-dd- Maxime Lagacé . What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness-qq- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Kind words do not cost much-dd- Yet they accomplish much-dd- Blaise Pascal . Act with kindness, but do not expect gratitude-dd- Confucius . The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the greatest intention-dd- Kahlil Gibran . I hope you will have a wonderful year, that you’ll dream dangerously and outrageously, that you’ll make something that didn’t exist before you made it, that you will be loved and that you will be liked, and that you will have people to love and to like in return-dd- And, most importantly (because I think there should be more kindness and more wisdom in the world right now), that you will, when you need to be, be wise, and that you will always be kind-dd- Neil Gaiman . To understand everything is to forgive everything-dd- Osho . Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see-dd- Mark Twain . No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted-dd- Aesop . A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money-dd- John Ruskin . You can accomplish by kindness what you cannot by force-dd- Publilius Syrus . One who knows how to show and to accept kindness will be a friend better than any possession-dd- Sophocles . Gentleness and kindness will make our homes a paradise upon earth-dd- C-dd- A-dd- Bartol . Never lose a chance of saying a kind word-dd- William Makepeace Thackeray . When I was young, I used to admire intelligent people; as I grow older, I admire kind people-dd- Abraham Joshua Heschel . Be kind to unkind people – they need it the most-dd- Unknown . Kindness makes a fellow feel good whether it’s being done to him or by him-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings-dd- I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . It is futile to judge a kind deed by its motives-dd- Kindness can become its own motive-dd- We are made kind by being kind-dd- Eric Hoffer . There’s no such things as a small act of kindness-dd- Every act creates a ripple with no logical end-dd- Scott Adams . The first thing a kindness deserves is acceptance, the second, transmission-dd- George MacDonald . Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight-dd- Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward-dd- Your life will never be the same again-dd- Og Mandino . Kindness is the light that dissolves all walls between souls, families, and nations-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . We rise by lifting others-dd- Robert Ingersoll . Kindness and politeness are not overrated at all-dd- They’re underused-dd- Tommy Lee Jones . One can’t be kind to one person and cruel to another-dd- Morarji Desai . Whatever point of view you have, there’s another-dd- Jack Kornfield . Today I bent the truth to be kind, and I have no regret, for I am far surer of what is kind than I am of what is true-dd- Robert Brault . Be nice to strangers-dd- Be nice even when it doesn’t matter-dd- Sam Altman . Nothing is so strong as gentleness, nothing so gentle as real strength-dd- Saint Francis de Sales . Politeness is the flower of humanity-dd- Joseph Joubert (This is one of my favorite kindness quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . My religion is very simple-dd- My religion is kindness-dd- Dalai Lama . No one has ever become poor by giving-dd- Anne Frank . Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses-dd- Confucius . Kindness in words creates confidence-dd- Kindness in thinking creates profoundness-dd- Kindness in giving creates love-dd- Lao Tzu . Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Extend yourself in kindness to other human being wherever you can-dd- Oprah Winfrey . There is no duty more obligatory than the repayment of kindness-dd- Cicero . When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed-dd- Maya Angelou . When words are both true and kind, they can change the world-dd- Buddha . The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness-dd- Only the words of a loving man can be heard-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Let us learn to live with kindness, to love everyone, even when they do not love us-dd- Pope Francis . Be kind whenever possible-dd- It is always possible-dd- Dalai Lama . Come, gentlemen, I hope we shall drink down all unkindness-dd- William Shakespeare . Kind words can be short and easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless-dd- Mother Teresa . Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The ideals which have always shone before me and filled me with joy are goodness, beauty, and truth-dd- Albert Einstein . Gentleness doesn’t get work done unless you happen to be a hen laying eggs-dd- Coco Chanel . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Be pitiful, for every man is fighting a hard battle-dd- Ian Maclaren (For more detail on the source of this quote, check this link) . For it is in giving that we receive-dd- Francis of Assisi . In a gentle way, you can shake the world-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Kindness, I’ve discovered, is everything in life-dd- Isaac Bashevis Singer . Kindness gives birth to kindness-dd- Sophocles . Treat everyone with respect and kindness-dd- Period-dd- No exceptions-dd- Kiana Tom . Kindness and a generous spirit go a long way-dd- Max Irons . Kindness is wisdom-dd- Philip James Bailey . Everyone responds to kindness-dd- Richard Gere . Kindness is showing someone they matter-dd- Unknown . Kill them with kindness, slay them with a smile-dd- Caesar (The Goodbye Man) . Kindness is love and love is kindness-dd- Unknown . Always be a little kinder than necessary-dd- James M-dd- Barrie . Tenderness is a virtue-dd- Oliver Goldsmith . Kindness is ever the begetter of kindness-dd- Sophocles . We win by tenderness-dd- We conquer by forgiveness-dd- Frederick William Robertson . Be a little kinder than you have to-dd- E-dd- Lockhart . How beautiful a day can be when kindness touches it-xx- George Elliston . Be kind to the living-dd- James McBride . Be gentle to all and stern with yourself-dd- Teresa of Avila . Gentleness is the antidote for cruelty-dd- Phaedrus . Live simply-dd- Love generously-dd- Care deeply-dd- Speak kindly-dd- Unknown . Men are cruel, but Man is kind-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Kindness is the sunshine in which virtue grows-dd- Robert Green Ingersoll . It doesn’t do any good to argue-dd- Be kind-dd- Richard G-dd- Scott . Be kind with people and tough with their ideas-dd- The Stoic Emperor . To practice five things under all circumstances constitutes perfect virtue; these five are gravity, generosity of soul, sincerity, earnestness, and kindness-dd- Confucius . Deliberately seek opportunities for kindness, sympathy, and patience-dd- Evelyn Underhill . A word of kindness is seldom spoken in vain, while witty sayings are as easily lost as the pearls slipping from a broken string-dd- George Dennison Prentice . It really shocks me when I encounter people who think kindness doesn’t matter-dd- Because I think it’s pretty much the only thing that matters-dd- Josh Radnor . Kindness goes a long ways lots of times when it ought to stay at home-dd- Kin Hubbard . I’m a big believer in acts of kindness, no matter how small-dd- Liam Neeson . Genuine kindness is no ordinary act, but a gift of rare beauty-dd- Sylvia Rossetti . Concentrate on what you have to do-dd- Fix your eyes on it-dd- Remind yourself that your task is to be a good human being; remind yourself what nature demands of people-dd- Then do it, without hesitation, and speak the truth as you see it-dd- But with kindness-dd- With humility-dd- Without hypocrisy-dd- Marcus Aurelius . One ought, every day at least, to hear a little song, read a good poem, see a fine picture and, if possible, speak a few reasonable words-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . How far that little candle throws his beams-xx- So shines a good deed in a weary world-dd- William Shakespeare . Do all the good you can-dd- By all the means you can-dd- In all the ways you can-dd- In all the places you can-dd- At all the times you can-dd- To all the people you can-dd- As long as ever you can-dd- John Wesley . Do not be daunted by the enormity of the world’s grief-dd- Do justly, now-dd- Love mercy, now-dd- Walk humbly, now-dd- You are not obligated to complete the work, but neither are you free to abandon it-dd- Rabbi Tarfon . I am not and never will be perfect-dd- I am not always as honest, respectful, responsible, fair or as kind as I should be-dd- All I can do is what I should do: strive every day, with every decision to be the best person I can be-dd- I don’t expect to be perfect but I know I can be better-dd- Michael Josephson . Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are travelling the dark journey with us-dd- Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind-dd- Henri Frederic Amiel . It may take a little self-discipline, be simple, be kind, stay rested-dd- Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity-dd- William Menninger . When you encounter difficulties and contradictions, do not try to break them, but bend them with gentleness and time-dd- Saint Francis de Sales . So many gods, so many creeds, so many paths that wind and wind, while just the art of being kind is all the sad world needs-dd- Ella Wheeler Wilcox . The true and noble way to kill a foe, is not to kill him, – you, with kindness, may so change him, that he shall cease to be so, and then he’s slain-dd-Unknown . We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden-dd- Jean Baptiste Henry Lacordaire . The wonderful thing is that it’s so incredibly easy to be kind-dd- Ingrid Newkirk . Be nice to nerds-dd- Chances are you’ll end up working for one-dd- Bill Gates . I believe in kindness-dd- Also in mischief-dd- Also in singing, especially when singing is not necessarily prescribed-dd- Mary Oliver . We have to be active about kindness and about peace-dd- I’ve always fantasized that it would be great if there was a Department of Peace-dd- Dave Matthews . You can tell by the kindness of a dog how a human should be-dd- Don Van Vliet . They are always saying God loves us-dd- If that’s love I’d rather have a bit of kindness-dd- Graham Greene . Kindness eases everything almost as much as money does-dd- Mason Cooley . A kind word is like a Spring day-dd- Russian Proverb . A dog has one aim in life… to bestow his heart-dd- J-dd-R-dd- Ackerley . To belittle, you have to be little-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Kindness does wonderful things to a face-dd- Dixie Doyle . The average dog is a nicer person than the average person-dd- Andy Rooney . Always be nice to your children because they are the ones who will choose your rest home-dd- Phyllis Diller . Kind people are the best kind of people-dd- Unknown . Kindness has converted more sinners than zeal, eloquence or learning-dd- Frederick W-dd- Faber . People will clap to be nice-dd- They will not laugh to be nice-dd- Kenny Rogers . He who fears to weep, should learn to be kind to those who weep-dd- Ahmad Shah Massood . Anger exceeding limits causes fear and excessive kindness eliminates respect-dd- Euripides . Praise by name, criticize by category-dd- Warren Buffett . There is a rollicking kindness that looks like malice-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Ignorant kindness may have the effect of cruelty; but to be angry with it as if it were direct cruelty would be an ignorant unkindness-dd- George Eliot . When death, the great reconciler, has come, it is never our tenderness that we repent of, but our severity-dd- George Eliot . Kindness is not about instant gratification-dd- More often, it’s akin to a low-risk investment that appreciates steadily over time-dd- Josh Radnor . Kindness is the beginning of cruelty-dd- Frank Herbert . We cannot seek or attain health, wealth, learning, justice or kindness in general-dd- Action is always specific, concrete, individualized, unique-dd- Benjamin Jowett . I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind; yet, strange, I am ungrateful to those teachers-dd- Kahlil Gibran . There is none made so great, but he may both need the help and service, and stand in fear of the power and unkindness, even of the meanest of mortals-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . In the context of interfaith encounter, we need to bring to the surface how our actual beliefs shape what we do – not simply to agree that kindness is better than cruelty-dd- Rowan D-dd- Williams . A single sunbeam is enough to drive away many shadows-dd- Francis of Assisi . In the midst of global crises such as pollution, wars and famine, kindness may be too easily dismissed as a ‘soft’ issue, or a luxury to be addressed after the urgent problems are solved-dd- But kindness is the greatest need in all those areas – kindness toward the environment, toward other nations, toward the needs of people who are suffering-dd- Until we reflect basic kindness in everything we do, our political gestures will be fleeting and fragile-dd- Bo Lozoff . Kindly words do not enter so deeply into men as a reputation for kindness-dd- Mencius . It’s a kindness that the mind can go where it wishes-dd- Ovid . It is kindness to immediately refuse what you intend to deny-dd- Publilius Syrus . Be nice to the whites, they need you to rediscover their humanity-dd- Desmond Tutu . The serenity of mind, gentleness, silence, self-restraint, and the purity of mind are called the austerity of thought-dd- Bhagavad Gita . When kindness has left people, even for a few moments, we become afraid of them as if their reason had left them-dd- When it has left a place where we have always found it, it is like shipwreck; we drop from security into something malevolent and bottomless-dd- Willa Cather . Kindness is in our power, even when fondness is not-dd- Samuel Johnson . Will you be clever at the expense of others, or will you be kind-qq- Jeff Bezos . You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Kind hearts are the gardens-dd- Kind thoughts are the roots-dd- Kind words are the blossoms-dd- Kind deeds are the fruits-dd- Kirpal Singh . He that has done you a kindness will be more ready to do you another, than he whom you yourself have obliged-dd- Benjamin Franklin . There’s no use doing a kindness if you do it a day too late-dd- Charles Kingsley . Kindness and a good heart are the foundation for success in this life, progress on the spiritual path, and the fulfillment of our aspirations-dd- Our need for them is not limited to any specific time, place, society, or culture-dd- Dalai Lama . A kind and compassionate act is often its own reward-dd- William John Bennett . We are all different-dd- Don’t judge, understand instead-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . If we are going to be kind, let it be out of simple generosity, not because we fear guilt or retribution-dd- J-dd-M-dd- Coetzee . A great many men’s gratitude is nothing but a secret desire to hook in more valuable kindnesses hereafter-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . Good nature will always supply the absence of beauty; but beauty cannot supply the absence of good nature-dd- Joseph Addison . Attitude is a choice-dd- Happiness is a choice-dd- Optimism is a choice-dd- Kindness is a choice-dd- Giving is a choice-dd- Respect is a choice-dd- Whatever choice you make makes you-dd- Choose wisely-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . It has always seemed strange to me… the things we admire in men, kindness and generosity, openness, honesty, understanding and feeling, are the concomitants of failure in our system-dd- And those traits we detest, sharpness, greed, acquisitiveness, meanness, egotism and self-interest, are the traits of success-dd- And while men admire the quality of the first they love the produce of the second-dd- John Steinbeck . Kindness trumps greed: it asks for sharing-dd- Kindness trumps fear: it calls forth gratefulness and love-dd- Kindness trumps even stupidity, for with sharing and love, one learns-dd- Marc Estrin . When you are young you take the kindness people show you as your right-dd- W-dd- Somerset Maugham . Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom-dd- Theodore Rubin . Humility is not thinking less of yourself, it’s thinking of yourself less-dd- C-dd- S-dd- Lewis . Unseasonable kindness gets no thanks-dd- Thomas Fuller . A little madness a little kindness makes for happiness-dd- Nicole Johnson . Kindness is tenderness-dd- Kindness is love, but perhaps greater than love…Kindness is good will-dd- Kindness says, ‘I want you to be happy’-dd- Randolph Ray . Life etches itself onto our faces as we grow older, showing our violence, excesses or kindnesses-dd- Rembrandt . I’m always impressed by confidence, kindness and a sense of humour-dd- Tamara Mellon . Gratitude is the inward feeling of kindness received-dd- Thankfulness is the natural impulse to express that feeling-dd- Thanksgiving is the following of that impulse-dd- Henry Van Dyke . Truth is a deep kindness that teaches us to be content in our everyday life and share with the people the same happiness-dd- Kahlil Gibran . And as I’ve gotten older, I’ve had more of a tendency to look for people who live by kindness, tolerance, compassion, a gentler way of looking at things-dd- Martin Scorsese . Getting money is not all a man’s business: to cultivate kindness is a valuable part of the business of life-dd- Samuel Johnson . Do your little bit of good where you are; it’s those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world-dd- Desmond Tutu . As I get older, I realize that the thing I value the most is good-heartedness-dd- Alice Walker . There is an organic affinity between joyousness and tenderness, and their companionship in the saintly life need in no way occasion surprise-dd- William James . Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Let us make one point, that we meet each other with a smile, when it is difficult to smile-dd- Smile at each other, make time for each other in your family-dd- Mother Teresa . A laugh, to be joyous, must flow from a joyous heart, for without kindness, there can be no true joy-dd- Thomas Carlyle . The only justice is to follow the sincere intuition of the soul, angry or gentle-dd- Anger is just, and pity is just, but judgement is never just-dd- D-dd- H-dd- Lawrence . Three things in human life are important-dd- The first is to be kind-dd- The second is to be kind-dd- And the third is to be kind-dd- Henry James . I used to say I wanted somebody funny and intelligent, but kindness is the most important quality in a man-dd- Cat Deeley . When you carry out acts of kindness you get a wonderful feeling inside-dd- It is as though something inside your body responds and says, yes, this is how I ought to feel-dd- Harold Kushner . The little unremembered acts of kindness and love are the best parts of a person’s life-dd- William Wordsworth . The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind-dd- Ella Wheeler Wilcox . Love and kindness go hand in hand-dd- Marian Keyes . A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve-dd- Joseph Joubert . There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart-dd- Jane Austen . I have understood that the most important things are tenderness and kindness-dd- I can’t do without them-dd- Brigitte Bardot . Whether one believes in a religion or not, and whether one believes in rebirth or not, there isn’t anyone who doesn’t appreciate kindness and compassion-dd- Dalai Lama . There is something akin to freedom in having a lover who has no control over you, except that which he gains by kindness and attachment-dd- Harriet Ann Jacobs . It’s not our job to play judge and jury, to determine who is worthy of our kindness and who is not-dd- We just need to be kind, unconditionally and without ulterior motive, even – or rather, especially – when we’d prefer not to be-dd- Josh Radnor . My laundry list of wants in a partner is basically kindness-dd- I want someone who is kind, and that’s kind of where it begins and ends-dd- Jennifer Carpenter . A mother’s arms are made of tenderness and children sleep soundly in them-dd- Victor Hugo . The most powerful symptom of love is a tenderness which becomes at times almost insupportable-dd- Victor Hugo . What we all have in common is an appreciation of kindness and compassion; all the religions have this-dd- We all lean towards love-dd- Richard Gere . We are told that people stay in love because of chemistry, or because they remain intrigued with each other, because of many kindnesses, because of luck-dd- But part of it has got to be forgiveness and gratefulness-dd- Ellen Goodman . Love and kindness are never wasted-dd- They always make a difference-dd- They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver-dd- Barbara De Angelis . Don’t be reckless with other people’s hearts, and don’t put up with people that are reckless with yours-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Forgiveness is the remission of sins-dd- For it is by this that what has been lost, and was found, is saved from being lost again-dd- Augustine of Hippo . The best thing to give to your enemy is forgiveness; to an opponent, tolerance; to a friend, your heart; to your child, a good example; to a father, deference; to your mother, conduct that will make her proud of you; to yourself, respect; to all men, charity-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Loving-kindness and compassion are the basis for wise, powerful, sometimes gentle, and sometimes fierce actions that can really make a difference – in our own lives and those of others-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Splendor, forgiveness, fortitude, cleanliness, absence of malice, and absence of pride; these are the qualities of those endowed with divine virtues, O Arjuna-dd- Bhagavad Gita . Man has two great spiritual needs-dd- One is for forgiveness-dd- The other is for goodness-dd- Billy Graham . There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . Forgiveness is an act of the will, and the will can function regardless of the temperature of the heart-dd- Corrie Ten Boom . Without forgiveness, there’s no future-dd- Desmond Tutu . The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive-dd- John Green . Forgiveness is the giving, and so the receiving, of life-dd- George MacDonald . Forgiveness means letting go of the past-dd- Gerald Jampolsky . Forgetfulness is a form of freedom-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Forgiveness is a virtue of the brave-dd- Indira Gandhi . Acceptance and tolerance and forgiveness, those are life-altering lessons-dd- Jessica Lange . There is no revenge so complete as forgiveness-dd- Josh Billings . Life is an adventure in forgiveness-dd- Norman Cousins . Forgiveness is the final form of love-dd- Reinhold Niebuhr . Forgiveness is a gift you give yourself-dd- Suzanne Somers . Love is the most terrible, and also the most generous of the passions; it is the only one which includes in its dreams the happiness of someone else-dd- Alphonse Karr . I’m dangerously generous-dd- Mika . Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . We’re here for a reason-dd- I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark-dd- Whoopi Goldberg . One thing I do know for a fact is that the nicer we are to our fellow human beings, the nicer the universe is to us-dd- Joe Rogan . Goodness is about character – integrity, honesty, kindness, generosity, moral courage, and the like-dd- More than anything else, it is about how we treat other people-dd- Dennis Prager . Here are the values that I stand for: honesty, equality, kindness, compassion, treating people the way you want to be treated and helping those in need-dd- To me, those are traditional values-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . First, I want to pay tribute to Diana myself-dd- She was an exceptional and gifted human being-dd- In good times and bad, she never lost her capacity to smile and laugh, nor to inspire others with her warmth and kindness-dd- I admired and respected her – for her energy and commitment to others, and especially for her devotion to her two boys-dd- Queen Elizabeth II . My philosophy is that the most important aspect of any religion should be human kindness-dd- And to try to ease the suffering of others-dd- Steven Seagal . Be the reason someone smiles-dd- Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . There is nothing so rewarding as to make people realize that they are worthwhile in this world-dd- Bob Anderson . Kindness is caring for others, even when they may not care for you-dd- Unknown . In life you can never be too kind or too fair; everyone you meet is carrying a heavy load-dd- When you go through your day expressing kindness and courtesy to all you meet, you leave behind a feeling of warmth and good cheer, and you help alleviate the burdens everyone is struggling with-dd- Brian Tracy . One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity-dd- Connect with those around you today-dd- Say, “I love you”, “I’m sorry”, “I appreciate you”, “I’m proud of you”… whatever you’re feeling-dd- Steve Maraboli . To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to-dd- Kahlil Gibran . I slept and I dreamed that life is all joy-dd- I woke and I saw that life is all service-dd- I served and I saw that service is joy-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The beauty of a woman is not in a facial mole,but true beauty in a Woman is reflected in her soul-dd- It is the caring that she lovingly gives, the passion that she knows-dd- Audrey Hepburn . It is so much easier to be nice, to be respectful, to put yourself in your customers’ shoes and try to understand how you might help them before they ask for help, than it is to try to mend a broken customer relationship-dd- Mark Cuban . It is good to be helpful and kindly, but don’t give yourself to be melted into candle grease for the benefit of the tallow trade-dd- George Eliot . It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received-dd- It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters-dd- Amit Ray . Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around-dd- Leo Buscaglia . We must learn to regard people less in the light of what they do or omit to do, and more in the light of what they suffer-dd- Dietrich Bonhoeffer . The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you-dd- John E-dd- Southard . Real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . The simplest acts of kindness are by far more powerful then a thousand heads bowing in prayer-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . A good deed is never lost-dd- He who sows courtesy, reaps friendship; he who plants kindness, gathers love; pleasure bestowed on a grateful mind was never sterile, but generally gratitude begets reward-dd- Saint Basil . Love and kindness are never wasted-dd- They always make a difference-dd- They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver-dd- Barbara de Angelis . Guard well within yourself that treasure, kindness-dd- Know how to give without hesitation, how to lose without regret, how to acquire without meanness-dd- George Sand . No kind action ever stops with itself-dd- One kind action leads to another-dd- Good example is followed-dd- A single act of kindness throws out roots in all directions, and the roots spring up and make new trees-dd- The greatest work that kindness does to others is that it makes them kind themselves-dd- Amelia Earhart . Carry out a random act of kindness, with no expectation of reward, safe in the knowledge that one day someone might do the same for you-dd- Princess Diana . Remember there’s no such thing as a small act of kindness-dd- Every act creates a ripple with no logical end-dd- Scott Adams . Deeds of kindness are equal in weight to all the commandments-dd- Talmud . Keep feeling the need for being first-dd- But I want you to be first in love-dd- I want you to be first in moral excellence-dd- I want you to be first in generosity-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . He who sees a need and waits to be asked for help is as unkind as if he had refused it-dd- Dante Alighieri . A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else’s life-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Generosity is giving more than you can, and pride is taking less than you need-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Generosity is not giving me that which I need more than you do, but it is giving me that which you need more than I do-dd- Kahlil Gibran . You give but little when you give of your possessions-dd- Kahlil Gibran . It is when you give of yourself that you truly give-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The best portion of a good man’s life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love-dd- William Wordsworth . We don’t have to engage in grand, heroic actions to participate in the process of change-dd- Small acts, when multiplied by millions of people, can transform the world-dd- Howard Zinn . A smile remains the most inexpensive gift I can bestow on anyone and yet its powers can vanquish kingdoms-dd- Og Mandino . The deeds you do may be the only sermon some persons will hear today-dd- Francis of Assisi . Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us every day-dd- Sally Koch . Love only grows by sharing-dd- You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others-dd- Brian Tracy . Let us try to teach generosity and altruism, because we are born selfish-dd- Richard Dawkins . Candor and generosity, unless tempered by due moderation, leads to ruin-dd- Tacitus . Your acts of kindness are iridescent wings of divine love, which linger and continue to uplift others long after your sharing-dd- Rumi . Many men have been capable of doing a wise thing, more a cunning thing, but very few a generous thing-dd- Alexander Pope . Lose yourself in generous service and every day can be a most unusual day, a triumphant day, an abundantly rewarding day-xx- William Arthur Ward . The more generous we are, the more joyous we become-dd- The more cooperative we are, the more valuable we become-dd- The more enthusiastic we are, the more productive we become-dd- The more serving we are, the more prosperous we become-dd- William Arthur Ward . Remember there’s no such thing as a small act of kindness-dd- Every act creates a ripple with no logical end-dd- Scott Adams . Lord, help us to live the virtue of generosity, to love without limits-dd- Pope Francis . Be generous and you can be the best person who ever lived-dd- Albert Brooks . Politeness is the art of choosing among your thoughts-dd- Madame de Stael . What is there more kindly than the feeling between host and guest-qq- Aeschylus . Life is not so short but that there is always time enough for courtesy-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Making others happy, through kindness of speech and sincerity of right advice, is a sign of true greatness-dd- To hurt another soul by sarcastic words, looks, or suggestions, is despicable-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . To be liked, it means that you must be treating people with respect and you must be showing kindness toward them-dd- Queen Rania of Jordan . I guess at the end of the day, all women like to be appreciated and treated with respect and kindness-dd- Sofia Vergara . People just deserve to be treated with kindness-dd- Sophia Bush . Evil begins when you begin to treat people as things-dd- Terry Pratchett . Good manners are the technique of expressing considerations for the feelings of others-dd- Alice Miller . True politeness consists in being easy one’s self, and in making every one about one as easy as one can-dd- Alexander Pope . Politeness is to human nature what warmth is to wax-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Be courteous to all but intimate with few; and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence-dd- George Washington . Courteousness is consideration for others; politeness is the method used to deliver such considerations-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . Politeness is a desire to be treated politely, and to be esteemed polite oneself-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . Virtue, perhaps, is nothing more than politeness of soul-dd- Honore De Balzac . How would your life be different if… You stopped making negative judgmental assumptions about people you encounter-qq- Let today be the day…You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey-dd- Steve Maraboli . Transparency, honesty, kindness, good stewardship, even humor, work in businesses at all times-dd- John Gerzema . Politeness makes one appear outwardly as they should be within-dd- Jean de la Bruyere . One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness-dd- Josh Billings . On Politeness : Easy to learn-dd- Easy to practice-dd- Marlene Dietrich . Responsibility does not only lie with the leaders of our countries or with those who have been appointed or elected to do a particular job-dd- It lies with each of us individually-dd- Peace, for example, starts within each one of us-dd- When we have inner peace, we can be at peace with those around us-dd- Dalai Lama . Politeness is half good manners and half good lying-dd- Mary Wilson Little . Ceremonies are different in every country, but true politeness is everywhere the same-dd- Oliver Goldsmith . The only true source of politeness is consideration-dd- William Gilmore Simms . Compassion and tolerance are not a sign of weakness, but a sign of strength-dd- Dalai Lama . Tenderness and kindness are not signs of weakness and despair, but manifestations of strength and resolution-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Don’t ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance or my kindness for weakness-dd- Dalai Lama . Compassion is not weakness, and concern for the unfortunate is not socialism-dd- Hubert H-dd- Humphrey . But then there are magical, beautiful things in the world-dd- There’s incredible acts of kindness and bravery, and in the most unlikely places, and it gives you hope-dd- Dave Matthews . Human kindness has never weakened the stamina or softened the fiber of a free people-dd- A nation does not have to be cruel to be tough-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . I don’t worry about people misinterpreting my kindness for weakness-dd- Jason Bateman . We must not mistake kindness for weakness-dd- Kindness isn’t weak-dd- Kindness is a certain type of strength-dd- Jim Rohn . I am a little bit of a softie, yes-dd- Actually I don’t think it’s softness, I think it’s kindness-dd- Len Goodman . It is sometimes difficult to view compassion and loving kindness as the strengths they are-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Sometimes people don’t trust the force of kindness-dd- They think love or compassion or kindness will make you weak and kind of stupid and people will take advantage of you; you won’t stand up for other people-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Having a soft heart in a cruel world is courage, not weakness-dd- Unknown . It’s unfortunate and I really wish I wouldn’t have to say this, but I really like human beings who have suffered-dd- They’re kinder-dd- Emma Thompson . People just take your kindness for weakness sometimes, and that’s just the bottom line-dd- Ruben Studdard . What I call the depth of generosity is when people are very fond of giving away what they need most themselves-dd- Oscar Wilde . Courage-dd- Kindness-dd- Friendship-dd- Character-dd- These are the qualities that define us as human beings, and propel us, on occasion, to greatness-dd- R-dd-J-dd- Palacio . Above all, it is not decency or goodness of gentleness that impresses the Middle East, but strength-dd- Meir Kahane . One isn’t necessarily born with courage, but one is born with potential-dd- Without courage, we cannot practice any other virtue with consistency-dd- We can’t be kind, true, merciful, generous, or honest-dd- Maya Angelou . In this world, there is nothing softer or thinner than water-dd- But to compel the hard and unyielding, it has no equal-dd- That the weak overcomes the strong, that the hard gives way to the gentle – this everyone knows-dd- Yet no one asks accordingly-dd- Lao Tzu . Only the weak are cruel-dd- Gentleness can only be expected from the strong-dd- Leo Buscaglia . Loving yourself is healing the world-dd- Jaymie Gerard . We are all the foolishness and all the crimes we did-dd- We’re also all the kindnesses we did-dd- Hugh Leonard . Kindness in ourselves is the honey that blunts the sting of unkindness in another-dd- Walter Savage Landor . To be kind to others, be kind to yourself first-dd- wisdomquotes-dd-com . Kindness is a reflection of who you are-dd- Unknown . Remember, you have been criticizing yourself for years and it hasn’t worked-dd- Try approving of yourself and see what happens-dd- Louise L-dd- Hay . You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are-dd- Marilyn Monroe . The worst loneliness is to not be comfortable with yourself-dd- Mark Twain . The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . The man who does not value himself, cannot value anything or anyone-dd- Ayn Rand . To be kind to others you must first be kind to yourself-dd- wisdomquotes-dd-com . What’s important to me is not others’ opinions of me, but what’s important to me is my opinion of myself-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Never forget that once upon a time, in an unguarded moment, you recognized yourself as a friend-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . We cannot think of being acceptable to others until we have first proven acceptable to ourselves-dd- Malcolm X . Sometimes the hardest part of the journey is believing you’re worthy of the trip-dd- Glenn Beck . You cannot be lonely if you like the person you’re alone with-dd- Wayne W-dd- Dyer . I think the reward for conformity is that everyone likes you except yourself-dd- Rita Mae Brown . The moment that we realize our attention has wandered is the magic moment of the practice, because that’s the moment we have the chance to be really different-dd- Instead of judging ourselves, and berating ourselves, and condemning ourselves, we can be gentle with ourselves-dd- Sharon Salzberg . It’s important that what thoughts you are feeding into your mind because your thoughts create your belief and experiences-dd- You have positive thoughts and you have negative ones too-dd- Nurture your mind with positive thoughts: kindness, empathy, compassion, peace, love, joy, humility, generosity, etc-dd- The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Beautify your inner dialogue-dd- Beautify your inner world with love light and compassion-dd- Life will be beautiful-dd- Amit Ray . If your compassion does not include yourself, it is incomplete-dd- Jack Kornfield . Sanctify yourself and you will sanctify society-dd- Francis of Assisi . The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are-dd- Joseph campbell . Accept yourself totally and you’ll change your life-dd- Unknown . The simple act of caring is heroic-dd- Edward Albert . When you are kind to others, it not only changes you, it changes the world-dd- Harold Kushner . Never believe that a few caring people can’t change the world-dd- For, indeed, that’s all who ever have-dd- Margaret Mead . I feel the capacity to care is the thing which gives life its deepest significance-dd- Pablo Casals . Life is mostly froth and bubble-dd- Two things stand like stone-dd- Kindness in another’s trouble, courage in your own-dd- Adam Lindsay Gordon . If you want to lift yourself up, lift someone else up-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives roses-dd- Chinese Proverb . Today will never come again-dd- Be a blessing-dd- Be a friend-dd- Encourage someone-dd- Take time to care-dd- Let your words heal, and not wound-dd- Unknown . Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better-dd- It’s not-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Always stop to think whether your fun may be the cause of another’s unhappiness-dd- Aesop . Of all virtues and dignities of the mind, goodness is the greatest-dd- Francis Bacon . Never be so busy as not to think of others-dd- Mother Teresa . You either believe that people respond to authority, or that they respond to kindness and inclusion-dd- I’m obviously in the latter camp-dd- I think that people respond better to reward than punishment-dd- Brian Eno . No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness and generosity hidden in the soul of a child-dd- The effort of every true education should be to unlock that treasure-dd- Emma Goldman . I think what children need is love, security, stability, consistency, and kindness-dd- Rosie O’Donnell . Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The quality of strength lined with tenderness is an unbeatable combination, as are intelligence and necessity when unblunted by formal education-dd- Maya Angelou . When I approach a child, he inspires in me two sentiments; tenderness for what he is, and respect for what he may become-dd- Louis Pasteur . A good head and good heart are always a formidable combination-dd- But when you add to that a literate tongue or pen, then you have something very special-dd- Nelson Mandela . Criticism, like rain, should be gentle enough to nourish a man’s growth without destroying his roots-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . In mine opinion, love is fitter than fear, gentleness better than beating, to bring up a child rightly in learning-dd- Roger Ascham . Where did we ever get the crazy idea that in order to make children do better, first we have to make them feel worse-qq- Think of the last time you felt humiliated or treated unfairly-dd- Did you feel like cooperating or doing better-qq- Jane Nelson . True popularity comes from acts of kindness rather than acts of stupidity-dd- Bo Bennett . Goodness is the only investment that never fails-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Be nice to strangers-dd- Be nice even when it doesn’t matter-dd- Sam Altman . It’s all about hope, kindness and a connection with one another-dd- Elizabeth Taylor . A friend is one to whom one may pour out the contents of one’s heart, chaff and grain together, knowing that gentle hands will take and sift it, keep what is worth keeping, and with a breath of kindness, blow the rest away-dd- George Eliot . In human relationships, kindness and lies are worth a thousand truths-dd- Graham Greene . There is always a way to be honest without being brutal-dd- Arthur Dobrin . Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about-dd- Wendy Mass . Spread love everywhere you go: First of all in your own house…kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile, kindness-dd- Mother Teresa . It is the characteristic of the magnanimous man to ask no favor but to be ready to do kindness to others-dd- Aristotle . Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love-dd- Mother Teresa . He who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love-dd- St-dd- Basil . The very nature of kindness is to spread-dd- If you are kind to others, today they will be kind to you, and tomorrow to somebody else-dd- Sri Chinmoy . As the rain falls on the just and unjust alike, let your heart be untroubled by judgments and let your kindness rain down on all-dd- Buddha . I don’t care if you’re black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian, short, tall, fat, skinny, rich or poor-dd- If you’re nice to me, I’ll be nice to you-dd- Robert Michaels . Well, I think when we can turn to the person sitting next to us and really see them with kindness and see ourselves reflected back – when there’s some dignity and compassion traveling back and forth-dd- Sharon Stone . If a man be gracious and courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world, and that his heart is no island cut off from other lands, but a continent that joins to them-dd- Francis Bacon . Be kind-dd- It’s worthwhile to make an effort to learn about other people and figure out what you might have in common with them-dd- If you allow yourself to be somewhat curious – and if you get into the habit of doing that – it’s the first step to being open minded and realizing that your points of view aren’t totally opposite-dd- Viggo Mortensen . Be nice to each other-dd- You can make a whole day a different day for everybody-dd- Richard Dawson . Always set high value on spontaneous kindness-dd- He whose inclination prompts him to cultivate your friendship of his own accord will love you more than one whom you have been at pains to attach to you-dd- Samuel Johnson . Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves-dd- James M-dd- Barrie . The shortest distance between two people is a smile-dd- Victor Borge . Strong people don’t put others down, they lift them up-dd- Michael P-dd- Watson . An enemy to whom you show kindness becomes your friend, excepting lust, the indulgence of which increases its enmity-dd- Saadi . Let your enemies be disarmed by the gentleness of your manner, but at the same time let them feel, the steadiness of your resentment-dd- Lord Chesterfield . An eye for an eye, and the whole world would be blind-dd- Kahlil Gibran . It is easy enough to be friendly to one’s friends-dd- But to befriend the one who regards himself as your enemy is the quintessence of true religion-dd- The other is mere business-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Compassion is the signature of Higher Consciousness-dd- Non-violence is the tool to evolve into the Higher Consciousness-dd- Amit Ray . There are many goals but one path – the path of compassion-dd- Amit Ray . Keep your friends close, keep your enemies closer-dd- Niccolò Machiavelli . Kindness is in our power, even when fondness is not-dd- Samuel Johnson . Conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the truth-dd- Buddha . If a person seems wicked, do not cast him away-dd- Awaken him with your words, elevate him with your deeds, repay his injury with your kindness-dd- Do not cast him away; cast away his wickedness-dd- Lao Tzu . Constant kindness can accomplish much-dd- As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate-dd- Albert Schweitzer . What this world needs is a new kind of army – the army of the kind-dd- Cleveland Amory . No one is born hating another person…People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite-dd- Nelson Mandela . Gentleness, self-sacrifice and generosity are the exclusive possession of no one race or religion-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The Bible calls us to love our neighbors, and to do justice and love kindness, not to indiscriminately kill one another-dd- Adam Hamilton . He who aspires to paradise should learn to deal with people with kindness-dd- Ahmad Shah Massood . I love you when you bow in your mosque, kneel in your temple, pray in your church-dd- For you and I are sons of one religion, and it is the spirit-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Tenderness is the greater proof of love than the most passionate of vows-dd- Marlene Dietrich . If you expect the blessings of God, be kind to His people-dd- Abu Bakr . One man practicing kindness in the wilderness is worth all the temples this world pulls-dd- Jack Kerouac . I don’t think Christmas is necessarily about things-dd- It’s about being good to one another, it’s about the Christian ethic, it’s about kindness-dd- Carrie Fisher . I believe in the will-dd- I believe in discipline-dd- I believe in the organization-dd- I believe in the rigor that gives us work-dd- I believe in love as an engine of all things-dd- I believe in the light-dd- I believe in God-dd- I believe in kindness-dd- Edgar Ramirez . I believe in one God, and no more; and I hope for happiness beyond this life-dd- I believe in the equality of man; and I believe that religious duties consist in doing justice, loving mercy, and endeavoring to make our fellow creatures happy-dd- Thomas Paine . We must seek the loving-kindness of God in all the breadth and open-air of common life-dd- George A-dd- Smith . I admire the fact that the central core of Buddhist teaching involves mindfulness and loving kindness and compassion-dd- Ron Reagan . But I tell you, love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you-dd- Matthew 5:44 . Love your neighbor as yourself-dd- Mark 12:31 . A warm smile is the universal language of kindness-dd- William Arthur Ward . The end result of kindness is that it draws people to you-dd- Anita Roddick . Ask yourself: Have you been kind today-qq- Make kindness your daily modus operandi and change your world-dd- Annie Lennox . As much as we need a prosperous economy, we also need a prosperity of kindness and decency-dd- Caroline Kennedy . For my father, being kind was natural… I have to really work at it-dd- I love competing and winning, conquest – not words you usually associate with kindness-dd- David Copperfield . If we’re destroying our trees and destroying our environment and hurting animals and hurting one another and all that stuff, there’s got to be a very powerful energy to fight that-dd- I think we need more love in the world-dd- We need more kindness, more compassion, more joy, more laughter-dd- I definitely want to contribute to that-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Today we are afraid of simple words like goodness and mercy and kindness-dd- We don’t believe in the good old words because we don’t believe in good old values anymore-dd- And that’s why the world is sick-dd- Lin Yutang . It is the history of our kindnesses that alone make this world tolerable-dd- If it were not for that, for the effect of kind words, kind looks, kind letters… I should be inclined to think our life a practical jest in the worst possible spirit-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . If you have donated, these children may never know your name, but they will never forget your kindness-dd- Roma Downey . To be hopeful in bad times is based on the fact that human history is not only of cruelty, but also of compassion, sacrifice, courage, kindness-dd- If we see only the worst, it destroys our capacity to do something-dd- If we remember those times and places where people have behaved magnificently, this gives us the energy to act-dd- And if we do act, in however small a way, we don’t have to wait for some grand Utopian future-dd- The future is an infinite succession of presents, and to live now as we think human beings should live, in defiance of all that is bad around us, is itself a marvelous victory-dd- Howard Zinn . Men are more prone to revenge injuries than to requite kindness-dd- Thomas Fuller . I think true success is intrinsic… It’s love-dd- It’s kindness-dd- It’s community-dd- Tom Shadyac . The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Few will have the greatness to bend history itself, but each of us can work to change a small portion of events-dd- It is from numberless diverse acts of courage and belief that human history is shaped-dd- Each time a man stands up for an ideal, or acts to improve the lot of others, or strikes out against injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope, and crossing each other from a million different centers of energy and daring those ripples build a current which can sweep down the mightiest walls of oppression and resistance-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . Simple kindness may be the most vital key to the riddle of how human beings can live with each other in peace, and care properly for this planet we all share-dd- Bo Lozoff . If the earth does grow inhospitable toward human presence, it is primarily because we have lost our sense of courtesy toward the earth and its inhabitants-dd- Thomas Berry . Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The everyday kindness of the back roads more than makes up for the acts of greed in the headlines-dd- Charles Kuralt . When our community is in a state of peace, it can share that peace with neighboring communities, and so on-dd- When we feel love and kindness towards others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace-dd- And there are ways in which we can consciously work to develop feelings of love and kindness-dd- For some of us, the most effective way to do so is through religious practice-dd- For others it may be non-religious practices-dd- What is important is that we each make a sincere effort to take our responsibility for each other and for the natural environment we live in seriously-dd- Dalai Lama . Every single time you help somebody stand up you are helping humanity rise-dd- Steve Maraboli . 1-dd- Love is the absence of judgment-dd- Dalai Lama . 2-dd- Our prime purpose in this life is to help others-dd- And if you can’t help them, at least don’t hurt them-dd- Dalai Lama . 3-dd- Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries-dd- Without them, humanity cannot survive-dd- Dalai Lama . 4-dd- Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck-dd- Dalai Lama . 5-dd- There is a saying in Tibetan, ‘Tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength-dd-’ No matter what sort of difficulties, how painful experience is, if we lose our hope, that’s our real disaster-dd- Dalai Lama . 6-dd- To conquer oneself is a greater victory than to conquer thousands in a battle-dd- Dalai Lama . 7-dd- We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves-dd- Dalai Lama . 8-dd- Every day, think as you wake up, today I am fortunate to be alive, I have a precious human life, I am not going to waste it-dd- I am going to use all my energies to develop myself, to expand my heart out to others; to achieve enlightenment for the benefit of all beings-dd- I am going to have kind thoughts towards others, I am not going to get angry or think badly about others-dd- I am going to benefit others as much as I can-dd- Dalai Lama . 9-dd- Only the development of compassion and understanding for others can bring us the tranquility and happiness we all seek-dd- Dalai Lama . 10-dd- Give the ones you love wings to fly, roots to come back, and reasons to stay-dd- Dalai Lama . 11-dd- If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito-dd- Dalai Lama . 1-dd- Peace begins with a smile-dd- Mother Teresa . 2-dd- Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing-dd- Mother Teresa . 3-dd- I am not sure exactly what heaven will be like, but I know that when we die and it comes time for God to judge us, he will not ask, ‘How many good things have you done in your life-qq-’ rather he will ask, ‘How much love did you put into what you did-qq-’-dd- Mother Teresa . 4-dd- Do not think that love in order to be genuine has to be extraordinary-dd- What we need is to love without getting tired-dd- Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies-dd- Mother Teresa . 5-dd- Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless-dd- Mother Teresa . 6-dd- The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved-dd- Mother Teresa . 7-dd- Spread love everywhere you go-dd- Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier-dd- Mother Teresa . 8-dd- I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love-dd- Mother Teresa . 9-dd- If you judge people, you have no time to love them-dd- Mother Teresa . 10-dd- We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do-dd- Mother Teresa . 11-dd- What can you do to promote world peace-qq- Go home and love your family-dd- Mother Teresa . 12-dd- Intense love does not measure, it just gives-dd- Mother Teresa . There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies-dd- My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness-dd- Dalai Lama . Wherever you are, and whatever you do, be in love-dd- Rumi . These pains you feel are messengers-dd- Listen to them-dd- Rumi . Only from the heart can you touch the sky-dd- Rumi . We carry inside us the wonders we seek outside us-dd- Rumi . The moment you accept what troubles you’ve been given, the door will open-dd- Rumi . Your heart knows the way-dd- Run in that direction-dd- Rumi . Stop acting so small-dd- You are the universe in ecstatic motion-dd- Rumi . Love is the bridge between you and everything-dd- Rumi . Keep silent, because the world of silence is a vast fullness-dd- Rumi . When will you begin that long journey into yourself-qq- Rumi . Let silence take you to the core of life-dd- . You are not a drop in the ocean-dd- You are the entire ocean, in a drop-dd- . Whatever lifts the corners of your mouth, trust that-dd- . My soul is from elsewhere, I’m sure of that, and I intend to end up there-dd- . Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world-dd- Today I am wise, so I am changing myself-dd- . There is a candle in your heart, ready to be kindled-dd- There is a void in your soul, ready to be filled-dd- You feel it, don’t you-qq- . Be like a tree and let the dead leaves drop-dd- . I have been a seeker and I still am, but I stopped asking the books and the stars-dd- I started listening to the teaching of my Soul-dd- . It’s your road and yours alone-dd- Others may walk it with you, but no one can walk it for you-dd- . Let silence be the art you practice-dd- . In the blackest of your moments, wait with no fear-dd- . By God, when you see your beauty you will be the idol of yourself-dd- . I should be suspicious of what I want-dd- . Maybe you are searching among the branches, for what only appears in the roots-dd- . I want to sing like the birds sing, not worrying about who hears or what they think-dd- . What matters is how quickly you do what your soul directs-dd- . The whole universe is contained within a single human being – you-dd- . The spirit is so near that you can’t see it-xx- But reach for it… don’t be a jar, full of water, whose rim is always dry-dd- Don’t be the rider who gallops all night and never sees the horse that is beneath him-dd- . Take someone who doesn’t keep score, who’s not looking to be richer, or afraid of losing, who has not the slightest interest even in his own personality: he’s free-dd- . When the world pushes you to your knees, you’re in the perfect position to pray-dd- . Be full of sorrow, that you may become hill of joy; weep, that you may break into laughter-dd- . There is a voice that doesn’t use words, listen-dd- . In silence there is eloquence-dd- Stop weaving and see how the pattern improves-dd- . I am not this hair, I am not this skin, I am the soul that lives within-dd- . Close your eyes, fall in love, stay there-dd- (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . What you seek is seeking you-dd- . Let the beauty we love be what we do-dd- . There are hundreds of ways to kneel and kiss the ground-dd- . Run from what’s comfortable-dd- Forget safety-dd- Live where you fear to live-dd- Destroy your reputation-dd- Be notorious-dd- I have tried prudent planning long enough-dd- From now on I’ll be mad-dd- . Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it-dd- . Sell your cleverness and buy bewilderment-dd- Cleverness is mere opinion-dd- Bewilderment brings intuitive knowledge-dd- . Very little grows on jagged rock-dd- Be ground-dd- Be crumbled, so wild flowers will come up where you are-dd- . The lion is most handsome when looking for food-dd- . If all you can do is crawl, start crawling-dd- . Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love-dd- . Raise your words, not voice-dd- It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder-dd- . When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy-dd- . Life is balance of holding on and letting go-dd- . Patience is the key to joy-dd- . If light is in your heart, you will find your way home-dd- . Set your life on fire-dd- Seek those who fan your flames-dd- . Dance until you shatter yourself-dd- . Be empty of worrying-dd- Think of who created thought-dd- . As you start to walk on the way, the way appears-dd- . Become the sky-dd- Take an axe to the prison wall-dd- Escape-dd- . Let yourself become living poetry-dd- . Be drunk with love, for love is all that exists-dd- . Be soulful-dd- Be kind-dd- Be in love-dd- . Be an empty page, untouched by words-dd- . I know you’re tired but come, this is the way-dd- . The wealth within you, your essence, is your kingdom-dd- . To praise the sun is to praise your own eyes-dd- . What hurts you, blesses you-dd- Darkness is your candle-dd- . Respond to every call that excites your spirit-dd- . Wherever you stand, be the soul of that place-dd- . You were born with wings-dd- Why prefer to crawl through life-qq- . Half-heartedness doesn’t reach into majesty-dd- . Look at the moon in the sky, not the one in the lake-dd- . What is planted in each person’s soul will sprout-dd- . The source of now is here-dd- . Grace comes to forgive and then forgive again-dd- . You are not meant for crawling, so don’t-dd- You have wings-dd- Learn to use them and fly-dd- . When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy-dd- . Anyone who genuinely and consistently with both hands looks for something, will find it-dd- . In each moment the fire rages, it will burn away a hundred veils-dd- And carry you a thousand steps toward your goal-dd- . There is a life-force within your soul, seek that life-dd- There is a gem in the mountain of your body, seek that mine-dd- O traveller, if you are in search of that, don’t look outside, look inside yourself and seek that-dd- . With every breath, I plant the seeds of devotion, I am a farmer of the heart-dd- . Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart-dd- . Achieve some perfection yourself, so that you may not fall into sorrow by seeing the perfection in others-dd- . Don’t be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others-dd- Unfold your own myth-dd- . Whether one moves slowly or with speed, the one who is a seeker will be a finder-dd- . Be a lamp, or a lifeboat, or a ladder-dd- Help someone’s soul heal-dd- Walk out of your house like a shepherd-dd- . Let us carve gems out of our stony hearts and let them light our path to love-dd- . Start a huge, foolish project, like Noah… it makes absolutely no difference what people think of you-dd- . Seek the wisdom that will untie your knot-dd- Seek the path that demands your whole being-dd- . Whoever has heart’s doors wide open, could see the sun itself in every atom-dd- . The message behind the words is the voice of the heart-dd- . You are not one you are a thousand-dd- Just light your lantern-dd- . Either give me more wine or leave me alone-dd- . Love sometimes wants to do us a great favor: hold us upside down and shake all the nonsense out-dd- . Lovers have heartaches that can’t be cured by drugs or sleep, or games, but only by seeing their beloved-dd- . Beauty surrounds us, but usually we need to be walking in a garden to know it-dd- . I lost my hat while gazing at the moon, and then I lost my mind-dd- . Gratitude is the wine for the soul-dd- Go on-dd- Get drunk-dd- . If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished-qq- . I have neither a soul nor a body, for I come from the very Soul of all souls-dd- . When someone beats a rug, the blows are not against the rug, but against the dust in it-dd- . Concentrate on the Essence, concentrate on the light-dd- . Why do you stay in prison when the door is so wide open-qq- . Beyond the rightness or wrongness of things there is a field, I’ll meet you there-dd- . Something opens our wings-dd- Something makes boredom and hurt disappear-dd- Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness-dd- . Every need brings what’s needed-dd- Pain bears its cure like a child-dd- Having nothing produces provisions-dd- Ask a difficult question, and the marvelous answer appears-dd- . The soul has been given its own ears to hear things mind does not understand-dd- . Discard yourself and thereby regain yourself-dd- Spread the trap of humility and ensnare love-dd- . All that you think is rain is not-dd- Behind the veil angels sometimes weep-dd- . Inside any deep asking is the answering-dd- . Wisdom tells us we are not worthy; love tells us we are-dd- My life flows between the two-dd- . My words are like a ship, and the sea is their meaning-dd- Come to me and I will take you to the depths of spirit-dd- I will meet you there-dd- . Ignore those that make you fearful and sad, that degrade you back towards disease and death-dd- . The time has come to turn your heart into a temple of fire-dd- . Open your hands if you want to be held-dd- . Be melting snow-dd- Wash yourself of yourself-dd- . The soul is here for its own joy-dd- . Seek the sound that never ceases-dd- Seek the sun that never sets-dd- . Conventional opinion is the ruin of our souls-dd- . Whatever purifies you is the right path, I will not try to define it-dd- . Let go of your mind and then be mindful-dd- Close your ears and listen-dd- . The world is a mountain, in which your words are echoed back to you-dd- . The desire to know your own soul will end all other desires-dd- . Laugh as much as you breathe-dd- Love as long as you live-dd- . All your anxiety is because of your desire for harmony-dd- Seek disharmony, then you will gain peace-dd- . Anything which is more than our necessity is poison-dd- It may be power, wealth, hunger, ego, greed, laziness, love, ambition, hate or anything-dd- . Poetry can be dangerous, especially beautiful poetry, because it gives the illusion of having had the experience without actually going through it-dd- . In their seeking, wisdom and madness are one and the same-dd- On the path of love, friend and stranger are one and the same-dd- . Clean out your ears, don’t listen for what you already know-dd- . O, happy the soul that saw its own faults-dd- . When you lose all sense of self, the bonds of a thousand chains will vanish-dd- . Peaceful is the one who’s not concerned with having more or less-dd- Unbound by name and fame, he is free from sorrow from the world and mostly from himself-dd- . Two there are who are never satisfied – the lover of the world and the lover of knowledge-dd- . Whenever they rebuild an old building, they must first of all destroy the old one-dd- . Your radiance shines in every atom of creation yet our petty desires keep it hidden-dd- . Everything about yesterday has gone with yesterday-dd- Today, it is needed to say new things-dd- . Why are you knocking at every door-qq- Go, knock at the door of your own heart-dd- . Lovers don’t finally meet somewhere-dd- They’re in each other all along-dd- . May these vows and this marriage be blessed-dd- . You have within you more love than you could ever understand-dd- . When you seek love with all your heart you shall find its echo in the universe-dd- . If you want to win hearts, sow the seeds of Love-dd- If you want heaven, stop scattering thorns on the road-dd- . This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment-dd- First to let go of life-dd- Finally, to take a step without feet-dd- . The minute I heard my first love story I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was-dd- Lovers don’t finally meet somewhere-dd- They’re in each other all along-dd- . Goodbyes are only for those who love with their eyes-dd- Because for those who love with heart and soul there is no such thing as separation-dd- . When I am with you, we stay up all night-dd- When you’re not here, I can’t go to sleep-dd- . There is no salvation for the soul but to fall in love-dd- Only lovers can escape out of these two worlds-dd- . This is what love does and continues to do-dd- It tastes like honey to adults and milk to children-dd- . I once had a thousand desires-dd- But in my one desire to know you all else melted away-dd- . I have no companion but Love, no beginning, no end, no dawn-dd- The soul calls from within me: ‘You, ignorant of the way of Love, set me free-dd-’ . On the path of love we are neither masters nor the owners of our lives-dd- We are only a brush in the hand of the master painter-dd- . Whatever happens, just keep smiling and lose yourself in love-dd- . This sky where we live is no place to lose your wings so love, love, love-dd- . Why ever talk of miracles when you are destined to become infinite love-dd- . When we practice loving kindness and compassion we are the first ones to profit-dd- . I am yours-dd- Don’t give myself back to me-dd- . If you love someone, you are always joined with them – in joy, in absence, in solitude, in strife-dd- . Let your teacher be love itself-dd- . This is a subtle truth-dd- Whatever you love, you are-dd- . There is a path from me to you that I am constantly looking for-dd- . Let yourself be drawn by the stronger pull of that which you truly love-dd- . Every moment is made glorious by the light of love-dd- . Now I am sober and there’s only the hangover and the memory of love-dd- . Travel brings power and love back into your life-dd- . Why should I be weary when every cell of my body is bursting with life-qq- . Tend to your vital heart, and all that you worry about will be solved-dd- . Caught by our own thoughts, we worry about everything-dd- . Do not worry if all the candles in the world flicker and die-dd- We have the spark that starts the fire-dd- . Come out of the circle of time and into the circle of love-dd- . This being human is a guest house-dd- Every morning is a new arrival-dd- A joy, a depression, a meanness, some momentary awareness comes as an unexpected visitor… Welcome and entertain them all-dd- Treat each guest honorably-dd- The dark thought, the shame, the malice, meet them at the door laughing, and invite them in-dd- Be grateful for whoever comes, because each has been sent as a guide from beyond-dd- . When I run after what I think I want, my days are a furnace of distress and anxiety; If I sit in my own place of patience, what I need flows to me, and without any pain-dd- From this I understand that what I want also wants me, is looking for me and attracting me-dd- There is a great secret in this for anyone who can grasp it-dd- . There is a life in you, search that life, search the secret jewel in the mountain of your body-dd- . Observe the wonders as they occur around you-dd- Don’t claim them-dd- Feel the artistry moving through and be silent-dd- Don’t grieve-dd- Anything you lose comes round in another form-dd- . Oh soul, you worry too much-dd- You have seen your own strength-dd- You have seen your own beauty-dd- You have seen your golden wings-dd- Of anything less, why do you worry-qq- You are in truth the soul, of the soul, of the soul-dd- . My head is bursting with the joy of the unknown-dd- My heart is expanding a thousand fold-dd- . Why should I be unhappy-qq- Every parcel of my being is in full bloom-dd- . Oh-xx- Joy for he who has escaped from this world of perfumes and color-xx- For beyond these colors and these perfumes, these are other colors in the heart and the soul-dd- . Be grateful for your life, every detail of it, and your face will come to shine like a sun, and everyone who sees it will be made glad and peaceful-dd- . The illuminated life can happen now, in the moments left-dd- Die to your ego, and become a true human being-dd- . Travelers, it is late-dd- Life’s sun is going to set-dd- During these brief days that you have strength, be quick and spare no effort of your wings-dd- . If destiny comes to help you, love will come to meet you-dd- A life without love isn’t a life-dd- . When you feel a peaceful joy, that’s when you are near truth-dd- . Joy lives concealed in grief-dd- . Don’t make yourself miserable with what is to come or not to come-dd- . I learned that every mortal will taste death-dd- But only some will taste life-dd- . With life as short as a half-taken breath, don’t plant anything but love-dd- . Be kind and honest, and harmful poisons will turn sweet inside you-dd- . If you want money more than anything, you’ll be bought and sold your whole life-dd- . Listen to the unstruck sounds, and what sifts through that music-dd- . Your heart and my heart are very, very old friends-dd- . My heart, sit only with those who know and understand you-dd- . There is nothing I want but your presence-dd- In friendship, time dissolves-dd- . Let’s rise above this animalistic behavior and be kind to one another-dd- . Be a helpful friend, and you will become a green tree with always new fruit, always deeper journeys into love-dd- . Stay with friends who support you in these-dd- Talk with them about sacred texts, and how you are doing, and how they are doing, and keep your practices together-dd- . Always search for your innermost nature in those you are with, as rose oil imbibes from roses-dd- . My friend, the sufi is the friend of the present moment-dd- To say tomorrow is not our way-dd- . A warm, rainy day-this is how it feels when friends get together-dd- Friend refreshes friend then, as flowers do each others, in a spring rain-dd- . Words are a pretext-dd- It is the inner bond that draws one person to another, not words-dd- . Friendship of the wise is good; a wise enemy is better than a foolish friend-dd- . If you are looking for a friend who is faultless, you will be friendless-dd- . Why struggle to open a door between us when the whole wall is an illusion-qq- . Friend, our closeness is this: anywhere you put your foot, feel me in the firmness under you-dd- . Be with those who help your being-dd- . To me nothing in the world is as precious as a genuine smile, especially from a child-dd- . When a man makes up a story for his child, he becomes a father and a child together, listening-dd- . The intelligent desire self-control; children want candy-dd- . All people on the planet are children, except for a very few-dd- No one is grown up except those free of desire-dd- . I am a child whose teacher is love surely my master won’t let me grow to be a fool-dd- . What will our children do in the morning if they do not see us fly-qq- . Whenever sorrow comes, be kind to it-dd- For God has placed a pearl in sorrow’s hand-dd- . What hurts you, blesses you-dd- Darkness is your candle-dd- . Your depression is connected to your insolence and refusal to praise-dd- . Don’t grieve-dd- Anything you lose comes round in another form-dd- . This place is a dream-dd- Only a sleeper considers it real-dd- Then death comes like dawn, and you wake up laughing at what you thought was your grief-dd- . Don’t dismiss the heart, even if it’s filled with sorrow-dd- God’s treasures are buried in broken hearts-dd- . Don’t be sad-xx- Because God sends hope in the most desperate moments-dd- Don’t forget, the heaviest rain comes out of the darkest clouds-dd- . Whatever sorrow shakes from your heart, far better things will take their place-dd- . Sorrow prepares you for joy-dd- It violently sweeps everything out of your house, so that new joy can find space to enter-dd- It shakes the yellow leaves from the bough of your heart, so that fresh, green leaves can grow in their place-dd- . Sorrow… It pulls up the rotten roots, so that new roots hidden beneath have room to grow-dd- Whatever sorrow shakes from your heart, far better things will take their place-dd- . Join the community of saints and know the delight of your own soul-dd- Enter the ruins of your heart and learn the meaning of humility-dd- . Grief can be the garden of compassion-dd- If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life’s search for love and wisdom-dd- . The wound is the place where the light enters you-dd- . Whoever finds love beneath hurt and grief disappears into emptiness with a thousand new disguises-dd- . But listen to me-dd- For one moment quit being sad-dd- Hear blessings dropping their blossoms around you-dd- . Everyone is overridden by thoughts; that’s why they have so much heartache and sorrow-dd- . One of the marvels of the world: The sight of a soul sitting in prison with the key in its hand-dd- . Don’t turn away-dd- Keep your gaze on the bandaged place-dd- That’s where the light enters you-dd- . Don’t get lost in your pain, know that one day your pain will become your cure-dd- . Be patient where you sit in the dark-dd- The dawn is coming-dd- . Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure-dd- . Suffering is a gift; in its hidden mercy-dd- . Greed makes man blind and foolish, and makes him an easy prey for death-dd- . Do you pay regular visits to yourself-qq- Start now-dd- . Prayer clears the mist and brings back peace to the soul-dd- . Make peace with the universe-dd- Take joy in it-dd- . Do good to the people for the sake of God or for the peace of your own soul that you may always see what is pure and save your heart from the darkness of hate-dd- . If you could get rid of yourself just once, the secret of secrets would open to you-dd- The face of the unknown, hidden beyond the universe would appear on the mirror of your perception-dd- . Make peace with the universe-dd- Take joy in it-dd- It will turn to gold-dd- Resurrection will be now-dd- Every moment, a new beauty-dd- . Our greatest strength lies in the gentleness and tenderness of our heart-dd- . A little while alone in your room will prove more valuable than anything else that could ever be given you-dd- . This silence, this moment, every moment, if it’s genuinely inside you, brings what you need-dd- There’s nothing to believe-dd- Only when I stopped believing in myself did I come into this beauty-dd- Sit quietly, and listen for a voice that will say, ‘Be more silent-dd-’ Die and be quiet-dd- Quietness is the surest sign that you’ve died-dd- Your old life was a frantic running from silence-dd- Move outside the tangle of fear-thinking-dd- Live in silence-dd- . A wealth you cannot imagine flows through you-dd- Do not consider what strangers say-dd- Be secluded in your secret heart-house, that bowl of silence-dd- . Stop, open up, surrender the beloved blind silence-dd- Stay there until you see you’re looking at the light with infinite eyes-dd- . When all your desires are distilled; You will cast just two votes – to love more, and be happy-dd- . Whatever happens to you, don’t fall in despair-dd- Even if all the doors are closed, a secret path will be there for you that no one knows-dd- You can’t see it yet but so many paradises are at the end of this path…Be grateful-xx- It is easy to thank after obtaining what you want, thank before having what you want-dd- . My dear heart, never think you are better than others-dd- Listen to their sorrows with compassion-dd- If you want peace, don’t harbor bad thoughts, do not gossip and don’t teach what you do not know-dd- . Everything is emptiness-dd- Everything else, accidental-dd- Emptiness brings peace to your loving-dd- Everything else, disease-dd- In this world of trickery, emptiness is what your soul wants-dd- . There is one way of breathing that is shameful and constricted-dd- Then, there’s another way: a breath of love that takes you all the way to infinity-dd- . That which is false troubles the heart, but truth brings joyous tranquility-dd- . Today, let us swim wildly, joyously in gratitude-dd- . Wear gratitude like a cloak and it will feed every corner of your life-dd- . Thankfulness brings you to the place where the beloved lives-dd- . Do not feel lonely, the entire universe is inside you-dd- . Everything in the universe is within you-dd- Ask all from yourself-dd- . The only lasting beauty is the beauty of the heart-dd- . Shine like the whole universe is yours-dd- . Everything that is made beautiful and fair and lovely is made for the eye of one who sees-dd- . On a day when the wind is perfect, the sail just needs to open and the world is full of beauty-dd- Today is such a day-dd- . The very center of your heart is where life begins-dd- The most beautiful place on earth-dd- . The sky will bow down to your beauty, if you do-dd- . You have forgotten the One who doesn’t care about ownership, who doesn’t try to turn a profit from every human exchange-dd- . The universe and the light of the stars come through me-dd- . The beauty you see in me is a reflection of you-dd- . Your light is more magnificent than sunrise or sunset-dd- . The breeze at dawn has secrets to tell you-dd- Don’t go back to sleep-dd- . What hurts the soul-qq- To live without tasting the water of its own essence-dd- . We can’t help being thirsty, moving toward the voice of water-dd- . When water gets caught in habitual whirlpools, dig a way out through the bottom of the ocean-dd- . There is a moon inside every human being-dd- Learn to be companions with it-dd- . Who could be so lucky-qq- Who comes to a lake for water and sees the reflection of moon-dd- . Be like the sun for grace and mercy-dd- Be like the night to cover others’ faults-dd- Be like running water for generosity-dd- Be like death for rage and anger-dd- Be like the Earth for modesty-dd- Appear as you are-dd- Be as you appear-dd- . Daylight, full of small dancing particles and the one great turning, our souls are dancing with you, without feet, they dance-dd- Can you see them when I whisper in your ear-qq- . You have no need to travel anywhere – journey within yourself-dd- Enter a mine of rubies and bathe in the splendor of your own light-dd- . If you wish to shine like day, burn up the night of self-existence-dd- Dissolve in the Being who is everything-dd- . Your heart is the size of an ocean-dd- Go find yourself in its hidden depths-dd- . Let the waters settle and you will see the moon and the stars mirrored in your own being-dd- . Wherever water flows, life flourishes: wherever tears fall, divine mercy is shown-dd- . How do I know who I am or where I am-qq- How could a single wave locate itself in an ocean-dd- . I have found the heart and will never leave this house of light-dd- . Don’t you know yet-qq- It is your Light that lights the worlds-dd- . Your task-qq- To work with all the passion of your being to acquire an inner light-dd- . Truth lifts the heart, like water refreshes thirst-dd- . Love is the water of life, jump into this water-dd- . Listen to the sound of waves within you-dd- . We rarely hear the inward music, but we’re all dancing to it nevertheless-dd- . Whosoever knoweth the power of the dance, dwelleth in God-dd- . Dancing is when you rise above both worlds, tearing your heart to pieces and giving up your soul-dd- . Without love, all worship is a burden, all dancing is a chore, all music is mere noise-dd- . In your light I learn how to love-dd- In your beauty, how to make poems-dd- You dance inside my chest where no-one sees you, but sometimes I do, and that sight becomes this art-dd- . Dance, when you’re broken open-dd- Dance, if you’ve torn the bandage off-dd- Dance in the middle of the fighting-dd- Dance in your blood-dd- Dance when you’re perfectly free-dd- . A divine dance appears in the soul and the body at the time of peace and union-dd- Anyone can learn the dance, just listen to the music-dd- . ‎Dancing is not just getting up painlessly, like a leaf blown on the wind; dancing is when you tear your heart out and rise out of your body to hang suspended between the worlds-dd- . Be kind to yourself, dear – to our innocent follies-dd- Forget any sounds or touch you knew that did not help you dance-dd- You will come to see that all evolves us-dd- . In order to understand the dance one must be still-dd- And in order to truly understand stillness one must dance-dd- . Dance where you can break yourself up to pieces and totally abandon your worldly passions-dd- . Dance, and make joyous the love around you-dd- Dance, and your veils which hide the Light shall swirl in a heap at your feet-dd- . We came whirling out of nothingness, scattering stars like dust… The stars made a circle, and in the middle, we dance-dd- . I am a drunkard from another kind of tavern-dd- I dance to a silent tune-dd- I am the symphony of stars-dd- . There are many ways to the Divine-dd- I have chosen the ways of song, dance, and laughter-dd- . There are a thousand ways to kneel and kiss the ground; there are a thousand ways to go home again-dd- . The Prophets accept all agony and trust it-dd- For the water has never feared the fire-dd- . Put your thoughts to sleep, do not let them cast a shadow over the moon of your heart-dd- Let go of thinking-dd- . It is certain that an atom of goodness on the path of faith is never lost-dd- . On what is fear: Non-acceptance of uncertainty-dd- If we accept that uncertainty, it becomes an adventure-xx- . When you go through a hard period, when everything seems to oppose you, when you feel you cannot even bear one more minute, never give up-xx- Because it is the time and place that the course will divert-xx- . Those who don’t feel this love pulling them like a river, those who don’t drink dawn like a cup of springwater or take in sunset like a supper, those who don’t want to change, let them sleep-dd- . Always remember you are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, smarter than you think and twice as beautiful as you’d ever imagined-dd- . Why are you so enchanted by this world, when a mine of gold lies within you-qq- . You were born with potential-dd- You were born with goodness and trust-dd- You were born with ideals and dreams-dd- You were born with greatness-dd- You were born with wings-dd- You are not meant for crawling, so don’t-dd- You have wings-dd- Learn to use them and fly-dd- . If something makes you happy in this world, you should think of what will happen to you if that thing were taken away-dd- . If reason dominates in man, he rises higher than angels-dd- If lust overpowers man, he descends lower than the beast-dd- . Move, but don’t move the way fear makes you move-dd- . The garden of the world has no limits except in your mind-dd- . Looking up gives light, although at first it makes you dizzy-dd- . I searched for God and found only myself-dd- I searched for myself and found only God-dd- . Silence is the language of God, all else is poor translation-dd- . Each moment contains a hundred messages from God-dd- . Touched-dd- How did you get here-qq- Close your eyes… and surrender-xx- . Would you become a pilgrim on the road of love-qq- The first condition is that you make yourself humble as dust and ashes-dd- . Love is the water of life-dd- Everything other than love for the most beautiful God is agony of the spirit, though it be sugar-eating-dd- What is agony of the spirit-qq- To advance toward death without seizing hold of the water of life-dd- . If in thirst you drink water from a cup, you see God in it-dd- Those who are not in love with God will see only their own faces in it-dd- . To become spiritual, you must die to self, and come alive in the Lord-dd- Only then will the mysteries of God fall from your lips-dd- To die to self through self-discipline causes suffering but brings you everlasting life-dd- . There is a loneliness more precious than life-dd- There is a freedom more precious than the world-dd- Infinitely more precious than life and the world is that moment when one is alone with God-dd- . Knock, and He’ll open the door-dd- Vanish, and He’ll make you shine like the sun-dd- Fall, and He’ll raise you to the heavens-dd- Become nothing, and He’ll turn you into everything-dd- . Sit quietly and listen for a voice that will say, “Be more silent-dd-” As that happens, your soul starts to revive-dd- . Till man destroys “self” he is no true friend of God-dd- . Now be silent-dd- Let the One who creates the words speak-dd- He made the door-dd- He made the lock-dd- He also made the key-dd- . Ways of worshipping are not to be ranked as better or worse than one another… It’s all praise, and it’s all right-dd- . We are all the same… all the same… longing to find our way back… back to the One… back to the only One-xx- . Why, when God’s world is so big, did you fall asleep in a prison, of all places-qq- . God turns you from one feeling to another and teaches by means of opposites so that you will have two wings to fly, not one . Stay in the spiritual fire-dd- Let it cook you-dd- . All religions-dd- All this singing-dd- One song-dd- Peace be with you-dd- . I am in the House of Mercy, and my heart is a place of prayer-dd- . Don’t wait any longer-dd- Dive in the ocean, leave and let the sea be you-dd- Rumi . Sit with the pain until it passes, and you will be calmer for the next one-dd- Naval Ravikant . Without pain, without sacrifice, we would have nothing-dd- Fight Club . Let go of the past-dd- Robert Greene . Adversity is the first path to truth-dd- Lord Byron . Great things never came from comfort zones-dd- Neil Strauss . Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it-dd- Helen Keller . It is always by way of pain one arrives at pleasure-dd- Marquis de Sade . True self-discovery begins where your comfort zone ends-dd- Adam Braun . One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: that word is love-dd- Sophocles . Be patient and tough; someday this pain will be useful to you-dd- Ovid . The root of all suffering is attachment-dd- Buddha . Turn your wounds into wisdom-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Change happens when the pain of staying the same is greater than the pain of change-dd- Tony Robbins . Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars-dd- Kahlil Gibran . People go through so much pain trying to avoid pain-dd- Neil Strauss . Life begins at the end of your comfort zone-dd- Neale Donald Walsch . Too many people believe that everything must be pleasurable in life, which makes them constantly search for distractions and short-circuits the learning process-dd- Robert Greene . Most of the gains in life come from suffering in the short term, so you can get paid in the long term-dd- Naval Ravikant . Pain makes me grow-dd- Growing is what I want-dd- Therefore, for me pain is pleasure-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings-dd- Lao Tzu . You never know how strong you are until being strong is your only choice-dd- Bob Marley . It is when I struggle that I strengthen-dd- It is when challenged to my core that I learn the depth of who I am-dd- Steve Maraboli . God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our conscience, but shouts in our pains: it is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Humility, after the first shock, is a cheerful virtue-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Every pain is a gift-dd- Every pain is an opportunity-dd- Maxime Lagac . Be master of your petty annoyances and conserve your energies for the big, worthwhile things-dd- It isnt the mountain ahead that wears you out  its the grain of sand in your shoe-dd- Robert Service . The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection-dd- Thomas Paine . The pain will leave once it has finished teaching you-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Ive learned more from pain than I couldve ever learned from pleasure-dd- Unknown . If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Remember anything you want thats valuable requires you to break through short-term pain in order to gain long-term pleasure-dd- Tony Robbins . Failure gave me strength-dd- Pain was my motivation-dd- Michael Jordan . Pain nourishes courage-dd- You cant be brave if youve only had wonderful things happen to you-dd- Mary Tyler Moore . You must go through that short-term pain to reach long-term gains-dd- A meaningful life is about growth, not comfort-dd- Maxime Lagac . We do survive every moment, after all, except the last one-dd- John Updike . The aim of the wise is not to secure pleasure but to avoid pain-dd- Aristotle . We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey-dd- Kenji Miyazawa . You may have had unfair things happen to you, but the depth of your pain is an indication of the height of your future-dd- Joel Osteen (This is one of my favorite pain quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know whats yours-xx-) . There is no education like adversity-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Behind every beautiful thing, theres been some kind of pain-dd- Bob Dylan . Pain is inevitable, suffering is optional-dd- Buddha . If youre going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston Churchill . Nobody can hurt me without my permission-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret-dd- The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons-dd- Jim Rohn . Laugher is the tonic, the relief, the surcease for pain-dd- Charlie Chaplin . The only thing thats the end of the world is the end of the world-dd- Barack Obama . It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience-dd- Julius Caesar . Dont cry because its over, smile because it happened-dd- Ludwig Jacobowski . Nothing pains some people more than having to think-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, for wise men say it is the wisest course-dd- William Shakespeare . There is a saying in Tibetan, Tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength-dd- No matter what sort of difficulties, how painful experience is, if we lose our hope, thats our real disaster-dd- Dalai Lama . One thing you cant hide  is when youre crippled inside-dd- John Lennon . Life is pain, so live it up while you can-dd- Ernest Hemingway . There are no gains without pains-dd- Benjamin Franklin . If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Smile, though your heart is aching-dd- Smile, even though its breaking-dd- When there are clouds in the sky, youll get by if you smile through your pain and sorrow-dd- Smile and maybe tomorrow, youll see the sun come shining through for you-dd- Charlie Chaplin . It is only through labor and painful effort, by grim energy and resolute courage, that we move on to better things-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you-dd- Maya Angelou . My pain may be the reason for somebodys laugh-dd- But my laugh must never be the reason for somebodys pain-dd- Charlie Chaplin . One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain-dd- Bob Marley . Better bread with water than cake with trouble-dd- Russian proverb . Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors-dd- African proverb . The art of life is the art of avoiding pain-dd- Thomas Jefferson . It hurts because it matters-dd- John Green . Thats the thing about pain, it demands to be felt-dd- John Green . Our strength grows out of our weaknesses-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . We can ignore even pleasure-dd- But pain insists upon being attended to-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Much of your pain is self-chosen-dd- Kahlil Gibran . I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders-dd- Jewish proverb . The pain I feel now is the happiness I had before-dd- Thats the deal-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Embrace the feeling-dd- Start the healing-dd- Maxime Lagac . Pain is a great motivator-dd- Naval Ravikant . Its better to feel pain than nothing at all-dd- Unknown . Pain is real-dd- But so is hope-dd- Unknown . Two barrels of tears will not heal a bruise-dd- Chinese proverb . The cost of failure islearning-dd- Neil Strauss . Strange how we decorate pain-dd- Margaret Atwood . What hurts us is what heals us-dd- Paulo Coelho . Fear is pain arising from the anticipation of evil-dd- Aristotle . To hurt is as human as to breathe-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . Life is pain and the enjoyment of love is an anesthetic-dd- Cesare Pavese . The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again-dd- Charles Dickens . Face your life, its pain, its pleasure, leave no path untaken-dd- Neil Gaiman . Move toward resistance and pain-dd- Robert Greene . I can bear any pain as long as it has meaning-dd- Haruki Murakami (1Q84) . It is when we hurt that we learn-dd- Steve Maraboli . Dont let pain define you, let it refine you-dd- Tim Fargo . Passion is the bridge that takes you from pain to change-dd- Frida Kahlo . True discovery happens when you embrace the obstacle, the difficulty-dd- Truth is for the patient, the enduring-dd- Maxime Lagac . Stay focused on your purpose, not your pain-dd- Ranal Currie . And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom-dd- Anais Nin . Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success-dd- Bo Bennett . Bad things do happen; how I respond to them defines my character and the quality of my life-dd- I can choose to sit in perpetual sadness, immobilized by the gravity of my loss, or I can choose to rise from the pain and treasure the most precious gift I have  life itself-dd- Walter Anderson . First, having the larger goal will lift your mind out of the moment and help you endure the hard work and drudgery-dd- Second, as you become better at this task or craft, it becomes increasingly pleasurable-dd- Robert Greene . You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented in the history of the world, but then you read-dd- It was books that taught me that the things that tormented me most were the very things that connected me with all the people who were alive, who had ever been alive-dd- James Baldwin . No matter how far life pushes you down, no matter how much you hurt, you can always bounce back-dd- Unknown . Growth in painful-dd- Change is painful-dd- But nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you dont belong-dd- Unknown . Often its the deepest pain which empowers you to grow into your highest self-dd- Unknown . Stop saying I wish and start saying I will-dd- Unknown . Every flower must grow through dirt-dd- Unknown . The more youre hurt, the more youll change-dd- Unknown . Problems are the price you pay for progress-dd- Branch Rickey . After the rain, the sun will reappear-dd- There is life-dd- After the pain, the joy will still be here-dd- Walt Disney . Be soft-dd- Do not let the world make you hard-dd- Do not let pain make you hate-dd- Do not let the bitterness steal your sweetness-dd- Take pride that even though the rest of the world may disagree, you still believe it to be a beautiful place-dd- Iain Thomas . Its so hard to forget pain, but its even harder to remember sweetness-dd- We have no scar to show for happiness-dd- We learn so little from peace-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Sacrifice today for tomorrows betterment, you are willing to pay those payments with pain, because pain is just a message when you are fixing something thats insufficient in your life-dd- Greg Plitt . I dont believe there is pleasure in life-dd- I believe there is only relief of pain We have to suffer to be on top-dd- Georges St-Pierre . Dont get lost in your pain, know that one day your pain will become your cure-dd- Rumi . Some days, were just looking for a soft place to land-dd- Dr-dd- SunWolf . You cant run away from trouble-dd- There aint no place that far-dd- Uncle Remus . Bad is never good until worse happens-dd- Danish proverb . You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you-dd- Walt Disney . Its not easy taking my problems one at a time when they refuse to get in line-dd- Ashleigh Brilliant . Do not free a camel of the burden of his hump; you may be freeing him from being a camel-dd- Gilbert Keith Chesterton . Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor-dd- Truman Capote . Theres nothing that cleanses your soul like getting the hell kicked out of you-dd- Woody Hayes . Life is pain, highness-dd- Anyone who says differently is selling something-dd- William Goldman . I fell off my pink cloud with a thud-dd- Elizabeth Taylor . The cure for pain is in the pain-dd- Rumi . Forget about winning and losing, forget about pride and pain-dd- Bruce Lee . We dont even ask happiness, just a little less pain-dd- Charles Bukowski . What matters most is how well you walk through the fire-dd- Charles Bukowski . You have to die a few times before you can really live-dd- Charles Bukowski . Nothing prevents happiness like the memory of happiness-dd- Andre Gide . The real problem is not why some pious, humble, believing people suffer, but why some do not-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Along with pain comes satisfaction and with satisfaction comes relief-dd- Maxime Lagac . Are you facing or avoiding your pain-qq- Are you caring for your emotions or are you making yourself busy-qq- Learn to wait and embrace your suffering-dd- Fleeing it will simply bring more confusion-dd- Facing it will bring clarity-dd- Maxime Lagac . The tragedy of life is in what dies inside a man while he lives  the death of genuine feeling, the death of inspired response, the awareness that makes it possible to feel the pain or the glory of other men in yourself-dd- Norman Cousins . The prettiest smile hides the deepest secrets-dd- The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears-dd- And the kindest hearts have felt the most pain-dd- Unknown . When the clouds get too heavy, it rains-dd- When your pain gets too bad, you cry-dd- Unknown . There is no greater sorrow than to recall happiness in times of misery-dd- Dante Alighieri . He who makes a beast out of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Pain is meant to wake us up-dd- People try to hide their pain-dd- But theyre wrong-dd- Pain is something to carry, like a radio-dd- You feel your strength in the experience of pain-dd- Its all in how you carry it-dd- Thats what matters-dd- Pain is a feeling-dd- Your feelings are a part of you-dd- Your own reality-dd- If you feel ashamed of them, and hide them, youre letting society destroy your reality-dd- You should stand up for your right to feel your pain-dd- Jim Morrison . I think that humans have a huge capacity to carry pain and sadness-dd- There are things that haunt us our entire lives; we are unable to let them go-dd- The good times seem almost effervescent and dreamlike in comparison with the times that didnt go so well-dd- Henry Rollins . Sooner or later, you will need to make friends with disappointment-dd- Dr-dd- SunWolf . I have absolutely no pleasure in the stimulants in which I sometimes so madly indulge-dd- It has not been in the pursuit of pleasure that I have periled life and reputation and reason-dd- It has been the desperate attempt to escape from torturing memories, from a sense of insupportable loneliness and a dread of some strange impending doom-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Some old wounds never truly heal, and bleed again at the slightest word-dd- George R-dd-R (Game of Thrones) . God brings men into deep waters, not to drown them, but to cleanse them-dd- John Aughey . Some of Gods greatest gifts are unanswered prayers-dd- Garth Brooks . Life swings like a pendulum backward and forward between pain and boredom-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Neurosis is the natural by-product of pain avoidance-dd- Carl Jung . Life didnt promise to be wonderful-dd- Teddy Pendergrass . Wisdom is nothing more than healed pain-dd- Robert Gary Lee . If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace-dd- Thomas Paine . If experience is the mother of wisdom, pain is the father-dd- Thibaut . We can learn and change in a state of pain and suffering, or we can evolve in a state of joy and inspiration-dd- Joe Dispenza . When I planted my pain in the field of patience it bore fruit of happiness-dd- Kahlil Gibran . We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more from imagination than from reality-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Following a path is easy-dd- Creating a new one is tough but it will lead you to new places-dd- Maxime Lagac . Sometimes you must hurt in order to know, fall in order to grow, lose in order to gain, because lifes greatest lessons are learnt through pain-dd- Nagato . Handling our suffering is an art-dd- If we know how to suffer, we suffer much less, and were no longer afraid of being overwhelmed by the suffering inside-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Acceptance doesnt mean resignation; it means understanding that something is what it is and that theres got to be a way through it-dd- Michael J-dd- Fox . When it hurts  observe-dd- Life is trying to teach you something-dd- Anita Krizzan . Trying to build a life where you never experience bad feelings is like building a ship that cant handle a storm-dd- Neil Strauss . Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didnt do than by the ones you did do-dd- So throw off the bowlines-dd- Sail away from the safe harbor-dd- Catch the trade winds in your sails-dd- Explore-dd- Dream-dd- Discover-dd- Sarah Frances Brown . Try to exclude the possibility of suffering which the order of nature and the existence of free wills involve, and you find that you have excluded life itself-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . The pain that you create now is always some form of nonacceptance, some form of unconscious resistance to what is-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Prosperity is not without many fears and distastes, and adversity is not without comforts and hopes-dd- Francis Bacon . There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt-dd- Erma Bombeck . The pain you feel today will be the strength you feel tomorrow-dd- Unknown . Pain can change you, but that doesnt mean it has to be a bad change-dd- Take that pain and turn it into wisdom-dd- Unknown . There are two types of pain in this world: pain that hurts you, and pain that changes you-dd- Unknown . Every negative situation contains the possibility for something positive, an opportunity-dd- It is how you look at it that matters-dd- Robert Greene . Be the silent watcher of your thoughts and behavior-dd- You are beneath the thinker-dd- You are the stillness beneath the mental noise-dd- You are the love and joy beneath the pain-dd- Eckhart Tolle . There is no coming to consciousness without pain-dd- People will do anything, no matter how absurd, in order to avoid facing their own Soul-dd- One does not become enlightened by imagining figures of light, but by making the darkness conscious-dd- Carl Jung . Where the wound has been given, there must the cure be found, if anywhere-dd- Jane Austen . We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain-dd- Alan Watts . Love is the sweetest pain inside-dd- Tarkan . Love is so short, forgetting is so long-dd- Pablo Neruda . The marks humans leave are too often scars-dd- John Green (The Fault in Our Stars) . Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . I still own my heart, which I know because it hurts so much-dd- Emilie Autumn . The worst part is feeling you lost a part of yourself, forever-dd- Maxime Lagac . Pain makes you stronger-dd- Fear makes you braver-dd- Heartbreak makes you wiser-dd- Drake . Have you ever been hurt and the place tries to heal a bit, and you just pull the scar off of it over and over again-dd- Rosa Parks . If pain must come, may it come quickly-dd- Because I have a life to live, and I need to live it in the best way possible-dd- If he has to make a choice, may he make it now-dd- Then I will either wait for him or forget him-dd- Paulo Coelho . The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too-dd- Ernest Hemingway . If you love deeply, youre going to get hurt badly-dd- But its still worth it-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Through love all that is bitter will be sweet-dd- Through love all that is copper will be gold-dd- Through love all dregs will become wine-dd- Through love all pain will turn to medicine-dd- Rumi . Theres no love without pain-dd- Irving Stone . I felt so much, that I started to feel nothing-dd- Unknown . Sometimes your heart needs more time to accept what your mind already knows-dd- Unknown . Among my stillness was a pounding heart-dd- Shannon A-dd- Thompson . Where there is love, there is vulnerability to pain-dd- Laura Ramirez . The surest way to hurt yourself is to give up on love, just because it didnt work out the first time-dd- Amanda Howells . Thinking of you is a poison I drink often-dd- Atticus . If you spend your time hoping someone will suffer the consequences for what they did to your heart, then youre allowing them to hurt you a second time in your mind-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Loving you was like going to war; I never came back the same-dd- Warsan Shire . They say that time heals a broken heart, but time has stood still since weve been apart-dd- Don Gibson . Part 1-dd- I think you still love me, but we cant escape the fact that Im not enough for you-dd- I knew this was going to happen-dd- Haruki Murakami . Part 2-dd- So Im not blaming you for falling in love with another woman-dd- Im not angry, either-dd- I should be, but Im not-dd- Haruki Murakami . Part 3-dd- I just feel pain-dd- A lot of pain-dd- I thought I could imagine how much this would hurt, but I was wrong-dd- Haruki Murakami . I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love-dd- Mother Teresa . Maybe part of loving is learning to let go-dd- The Wonder Years . What is the opposite of two-qq- A lonely me, a lonely you-dd- Richard Wilbur . I am hopelessly in love with a memory-dd- An echo from another time, another place-dd- Michael Faudet . Long after I have given up, my heart still searches for you without my permission-dd- Rudy Francisco . The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears-dd- John Vance Cheney . God is closest to those with broken hearts-dd- Jewish saying . Sadness flies away on the wings of time-dd- Jean de La Fontaine . The gem cannot be polished without friction nor man without trials-dd- Confucius . Great success requires greater sacrifice-dd- Sachin Prabhu . Find a place inside where theres joy, and the joy will burn out the pain-dd- Joseph Campbell . You have the hope that life is fair, but its not-dd- Expect it to be hard, unfair, sometimes ugly and sad-dd- The least you expect of it, the more bearable it will seem-dd- Maxime Lagac . If you arent in the moment, you are either looking forward to uncertainty, or back to pain and regret-dd- Jim Carrey . If you go deeper and deeper into your own heart, youll be living in a world with less fear, isolation and loneliness-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Take chances, make mistakes-dd- Thats how you grow-dd- Pain nourishes your courage-dd- You have to fail in order to practice being brave-dd- Mary Tyler Moore . Were all going to die, all of us, what a circus-xx- That alone should make us love each other but it doesnt-dd- We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities, we are eaten up by nothing-dd- Charles Bukowski . Are you ready to sacrifice who you are, for what you will become-dd- Eric Thomas . Pain is strange-dd- A cat killing a bird, a car accident, a fire Pain arrives, BANG, and there it is, it sits on you-dd- Its real-dd- And to anybody watching, you look foolish-dd- Like youve suddenly become an idiot-dd- Theres no cure for it unless you know somebody who understands how you feel, and knows how to help-dd- Charles Bukowski . I was a man who thrived on solitude; without it I was like another man without food or water-dd- Each day without solitude weakened me-dd- I took no pride in my solitude; but I was dependent on it-dd- The darkness of the room was like sunlight to me-dd- Charles Bukowski . When the pain overtakes you, reach inside-dd- Gather the broken pieces, and hand them to God-dd- Ask Him to remake your heart-dd- Different, this time-dd- Stronger-dd- More beautiful-dd- This is how we are made, and remade by the Maker-dd- Yasmin Mogahed . There are no mistakes in life, only lessons-dd- There is no such thing as a negative experience, only opportunities to grow, learn and advance along the road of self-mastery-dd- From struggle comes strength-dd- Even pain can be a wonderful teacher-dd- Robin S-dd- Sharma . It has been said, time heals all wounds-dd- I do not agree-dd- The wounds remain-dd- In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens-dd- But it is never gone-dd- Rose Kennedy . The two enemies of human happiness are pain and boredom-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Do not resist the pain-dd- Allow it to be there-dd- Surrender to the grief, despair, fear, loneliness, or whatever form the suffering takes-dd- Witness it without labeling it mentally-dd- Embrace it-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Without pain, there would be no suffering, without suffering we would never learn from our mistakes-dd- To make it right, pain and suffering is the key to all windows, without it, there is no way of life-dd- Angelina Jolie . Life will bring you pain all by itself-dd- Your responsibility is to create joy-dd- Milton Erickson . There is nothing that can take the pain away-dd- But eventually you will find a way to live with it-dd- There will be nightmares-dd- And every day when you wake up, it will be the first thing you think about-dd- Until one day, it will be the second thing-dd- Raymond Reddington (The Blacklist) . To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness-dd- Bertrand Russell . Pain is a pesky part of being human, Ive learned it feels like a stab wound to the heart, something I wish we could all do without, in our lives here-dd- Pain is a sudden hurt that cant be escaped-dd- But then I have also learned that because of pain, I can feel the beauty, tenderness, and freedom of healing-dd- Pain feels like a fast stab wound to the heart-dd- But then healing feels like the wind against your face when you are spreading your wings and flying through the air-xx- We may not have wings growing out of our backs, but healing is the closest thing that will give us that wind against our faces-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Eventually, the time that was not spent on learning skills will catch up with you, and the fall will be painful-dd- Robert Greene . Change is slow and gradual-dd- It requires hard work, a bit of luck, a fair amount of self-sacrifice, and a lot of patience-dd- Robert Greene . If youre bored with life, if you dont get up every morning with a burning desire to do things  you dont have enough goals-dd- Lou Holtz . It is better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret-dd- Jackie Joyner-Kersee . The wings of transformation are born of patience and struggle-dd- Janet S-dd- Dickens . Your life does not get better by chance-dd- It gets better by change-dd- Jim Rohn . The pain of the mind is worse than the pain of the body-dd- Publilius Syrus . To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it-dd- Charlie Chaplin . The happiest have the shortest memory-dd- The more peaceful let go and let be-dd- The more you live in the past, the more you make your suffering last-dd- Maxime Lagac (Learn to meditate, go walk in nature, practice a sport every day-dd- Make your health your #1 priority in life-dd-) . Mental pain is less dramatic than physical pain, but it is more common and also more hard to bear-dd- The frequent attempt to conceal mental pain increases the burden: it is easier to say My tooth is aching than to say My heart is broken-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Time doesnt heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . No man can think clearly when his fists are clenched-dd- George Jean Nathan . The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter-dd- Unknown . If we took emotional health as seriously as a society as we take learning arithmetic and reading, we would have a much smaller problem-dd- Neil Strauss . My fear delivered one of the great lessons of my life: That someone without fear cant push himself-dd- He cant get better-dd- He cant transform negatives in to positives-dd- He cant open his world to creativity and invention, or even progress-dd- Georges St-Pierre . The pain and boredom we experience in the initial stage of learning a skill toughens our minds-dd- Robert Greene . Your fears are a kind of prison that confines you within a limited range of action-dd- The less you fear, the more power you will have and the more fully you will live-dd- Robert Greene . A good portion of the things you want in life is outside your comfort zone-dd- Idowu Koyenikan . Most misunderstandings in the world could be avoided if people would simply take the time to ask, What else could this mean-qq- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Sometimes its worse to win a fight than to lose-dd- Billie Holiday . Let me not pray to be sheltered from dangers, but to be fearless in facing them-dd- Let me not beg for the stilling of my pain, but for the heart to conquer it-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears-dd- Les Brown . The art of living lies less in eliminating our troubles than in growing with them-dd- Bernard M-dd- Baruch . Everybody ought to do at least two things each day that he hates to do, just for practice-dd- William James . Every problem has in it the seeds of its own solution-dd- If you dont have any problems, you dont get any seeds-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . There are some defeats more triumphant than victories-dd- Michel de Montaigne . God uses suffering as a whetstone, to make men sharp with-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Even our misfortunes are a part of our belongings-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . We only part to meet again-dd- John Gay . These pains you feel are messengers-dd- Listen to them-dd- Rumi . No words can explain the way Im missing you-dd- Sam Smith . One of my biggest challenge in life was losing someone close to me-dd- One of my biggest learning experience was losing someone close to me-dd- Maxime Lagac . Birds sing after a storm; why shouldnt people feel as free to delight in whatever remains to them-qq- Rose F-dd- Kennedy . People fear death even more than pain-dd- Its strange that they fear death-dd- Life hurts a lot more than death-dd- At the point of death, the pain is over-dd- Yeah, I guess it is a friend-dd- Jim Morrison . Let go-dd- Why do you cling to pain-qq- There is nothing you can do about the wrongs of yesterday-dd- It is not yours to judge-dd- Why hold on to the very thing which keeps you from hope and love-qq- Leo Buscaglia . Grief can be the garden of compassion-dd- If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your lifes search for love and wisdom-dd- Rumi . Waste no tears over the grieves of yesterday-dd- Euripides . The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected-dd- Nicholas Sparks . But who can remember pain, once its over-qq- All that remains of it is a shadow, not in the mind even, in the flesh-dd- Pain marks you, but too deep to see-dd- Out of sight, out of mind-dd- Margaret Atwood . You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . The spiritual path is not strewn with roses-dd- Haridas Chaudhuri . Sorrow is the mere rust of the soul-dd- Activity will cleanse and brighten it-dd- Samuel Johnson . The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain-dd- Its the loneliness of it-dd- Memories need to be shared-dd- Lois Lowry . We carry our burden on and on, until one day, suddenly, we laugh and set it down upon the ground-dd- Muriel Strode . We shall draw from the heart of suffering itself the means of inspiration and survival-dd- Winston Churchill . I cursed my misfortune,  and it remained one-dd- Muriel Strode . To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . In the depth of winter, I learned that within me lay an invincible summer-dd- Albert Camus . Chronic pain or other challenges are invitations; gifts that challenge us to learn how to manage the mind-dd- Cheryl Richardson . Chronic pain can be very lonely-dd- It can have a shame-based quality-dd- Jennifer Grey . Of pain you could wish only one thing: that it should stop-dd- Nothing in the world was so bad as physical pain-dd- In the face of pain there are no heroes-dd- George Orwell (1984) . You just do it-dd- You force yourself to get up-dd- You force yourself to put one foot before the other and you refuse to let it get to you-dd- You fight-dd- You cry-dd- Then you go about the business of living-dd- Thats how Ive done it-dd- Theres no other way-dd- Elizabeth Taylor . If you can sit with your pain, listen to your pain and respect your pain, in time you will move through your pain-dd- Bryant McGill . Somewhere inside that hurting body, there is something better, something stronger, something real-dd- R-dd- M-dd- Drake . Dont try to understand everything, because sometimes it isnt meant to be understood, but to be accepted-dd- Unknown . You dont know pain until youre staring at yourself in the mirror with tears streaming down your face and youre begging yourself to just hold on and be strong-dd- Unknown . The pain will not go away by getting angry or bitter-dd- It will go away when you learn to accept lifes challenges with grace and ease-dd- Leon Brown . Diseases can be our spiritual flat tires  disruptions in our lives that seem to be disasters at the time but end by redirecting our lives in a meaningful way-dd- Bernie S-dd- Siegel . Something very beautiful happens to people when their world falls apart-dd- A humility, a nobility, a higher intelligence emerges at just the point when our knees hit the floor-dd- Marianne Wilson . God gave us pain to remind us we are alive, so we will learn to value the joys and beauty of the world-dd- Tom Corr . You are so brave and quiet I forget you are suffering-dd- Ernest Hemingway . It is not what happens to us in life that defines us-dd- It is what we do with it that defines us-dd- Tom Seaman . Your comfort zone is your danger zone-dd- Greg Plitt . Pain is weakness leaving the body-dd- Chesty Puller . Easy choices, hard life-dd- Hard choices, easy life-dd- Jerzy Gregorek . Some people learn to lose-dd- Others lose and learn-dd- Georges St-Pierre . The clearer your vision, the less youll be affected by your short-term-dd- Maxime Lagac . The experience of pain or loss can be a formidably motivating force-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . No pain-dd- No gain-dd- Shut up and train-dd- Unknown . Endure the pain-dd- Enjoy the gain-dd- Unknown . Have the guts to go beyond the pain-dd- Unknown . Sore-dd- The most satisfying pain-dd- Unknown . Dont quit-dd- Youre already in pain-dd- Youre already hurt-dd- Get a reward from it-dd- Unknown . It never gets easier, you just get better-dd- Unknown . Train insane or remain the same-dd- Unknown . If you dont find the time, if you dont do the work, you dont get the results-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . If you can go through the pain period, you make it to be a champion-dd- If you cant go through it, forget it-dd- And thats what most people lack: having the guts  the guts to go in and just say I dont care what happens-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . If youre never able to tolerate a little bit of pain and discomfort, youll never get better-dd- Angela Duckworth . Pain is temporary-dd- It may last for a minute, or an hour or a day, or even a year-dd- But eventually, it will subside-dd- And something else take its place-dd- Eric Thomas . The last three or four reps is what makes the muscle grow-dd- This area of pain divides the champion from someone else who is not a champion-dd- Thats what most people lack, having the guts to go on and just say theyll go through the pain no matter what happens-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . Discipline is rarely enjoyable, but almost always profitable-dd- Darrin Patrick . Success at anything will always come down to this: Focus and effort, and we control both-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . Its not whos the best  its who can take the most pain-dd- Steve Prefontaine . A problem is a chance for you to do your best-dd- Duke Ellington . We acquire the strength we have overcome-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . At the end of pain is success-dd- Eric Thomas . The trick to healing from suffering, I think, is deciding that the pain was worth it-dd- Aella . The true greats will always overcome adversity-dd- Conor McGregor . Eccedentesiast (-dd-n)-dd- Someone who hides pain behind a smile-dd- . Discomfort is the positive sign you are trying new things-dd- By trying new things, you are growing-dd- By growing, you next pain will be diminished-dd- Maxime Lagac . Without suffering and doubts, the mind will come to rest on cliches and stay there, until the spirit dies as well-dd- Robert Greene . Pain is the great teacher of mankind-dd- Beneath its breath souls develop-dd- Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach . Most people want to avoid pain, and discipline is usually painful-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Face your fears, endure its pain and they will be re-written in the form of pride and dreams-dd- Greg Plitt . Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding-dd- It is the bitter potion by which the physician within you heals your sick self-dd- Therefore, trust the physician and drink his remedy in silence and tranquility-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The things that were the most resistant to are usually what we need-dd- And the things were most scared to let go of are typically the ones we most need to relinquish-dd- Neil Strauss . The best way to neutralize our natural impatience is to cultivate a kind of pleasure in pain  like an athlete, you come to enjoy rigorous practice, pushing past your limits, and resisting the easy way out-dd- Robert Greene . Experiencing sadness and anger can make you feel more creative, and by being creative, you can get beyond your pain or negativity-dd- Yoko Ono . Smiling is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to hide every pain-dd- Unknown . Adversity introduces a man to himself-dd- Unknown . The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you-dd- If you do that, youre in control of your life-dd- If you dont, life controls you-dd- Tony Robbins . In order to rise from its own ashes, a Phoenix first must burn-dd- Octavia Butler . When pain is over, the remembrance of it often becomes a pleasure-dd- Jane Austen . Pain is sometimes the cost of a meaningful existence-dd- I can handle that-dd- Jeb Dickerson . If you ever think about giving up, remember why you held on for so long-dd- Hayley Williams . Our wounds are often the openings into the best and most beautiful part of us-dd- David Richo . Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents which, in prosperous circumstances, would have lain dormant-dd- Horace . Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul-qq- John Keats . The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply-dd- Denis Waitley . Change is hard at first, messy in the middle and gorgeous at the end-dd- Robin Sharma . He who has a why to live can bear almost any how-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . It doesnt hurt to feel sad from time to time-dd- Willie Nelson . Use your enemys arrows for firewood-dd- Matshona Dhliwayo . Knowing what it feels to be in pain, is exactly why we try to be kind to others-dd- Jiraiya . Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you: you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for-dd- Bob Marley . Life is fragile and painful-dd- Life is relationships and attachments-dd- You can learn detachment but you cant avoid relationships-dd- Learn to dance with that-dd- Maxime Lagac . Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness-dd- They are a sign of a pure heart-dd- Jos N-dd- Harris . Hearts united in pain and sorrow will not be separated by joy and happiness-dd- Bonds that are woven in sadness are stronger than the ties of joy and pleasure-dd- Love that is washed by tears will remain eternally pure and faithful-dd- Kahlil Gibran . We find comfort among those who agree with us  growth among those who dont-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . You dont get to choose if you get hurt in this world-dd- But you do have some say in who hurts you-dd- John Green . Hurt me with the truth but never comfort me with a lie-dd- Unknown . I know pain in every way thats why I never want to hurt anyone-dd- Unknown . My biggest mistake is thinking that people care for me as much as I do for them-dd- Unknown . Truth is like a surgery-dd- It hurts but cures-dd- Lie is like a pain killer-dd- It gives instant relief but has side effects forever-dd- Unknown . What marks the artist is his power to shape the material of pain we all have-dd- Lionel Trilling . Time heals griefs and quarrels, for we change and are no longer the same persons-dd- Neither the offender nor the offended are any more themselves-dd- Blaise Pascal . If I can see pain in your eyes then share with me your tears-dd- If I can see joy in your eyes then share with me your smile-dd- Santosh Kalwar . If youre in a bad situation, dont worry itll change-dd- If youre in a good situation, dont worry itll change-dd- John A-dd- Simone Sr . The Lord gives us friends to push us to our potential  and enemies to push us beyond it-dd- Robert Brault . I owe much to my friends; but, all things considered, it strikes me that I owe even more to my enemies-dd- The real person springs life under a sting even better than under a caress-dd- Andre Gide . The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Anger, resentment and jealousy doesnt change the heart of others  it only changes yours-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Forget what hurt you in the past, but never forget what it taught you-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Live and allow others to live; hurt no one; life is dear to all living beings-dd- Mahavira . There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires-dd- Buddha . Work out your own salvation-dd- Do not depend on others-dd- Buddha . If anything is worth doing, do it with all your heart-dd- Buddha . A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but if he is peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise-dd- Buddha . Do not look for a sanctuary in anyone except your self-dd- Buddha . No one saves us but ourselves-dd- No one can and no one may-dd- We ourselves must walk the path-dd- Buddha . To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as ones own in the midst of abundance-dd- Buddha . All that we are is the result of what we have thought-dd- Buddha . If we fail to look after others when they need help, who will look after us-qq- Buddha . One who acts on truth is happy in this world and beyond-dd- Buddha . Give, even if you only have a little-dd- . Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely-dd- . Irrigators channel waters; fletchers straighten arrows; carpenters bend wood; the wise master themselves-dd- . Drop by drop is the water pot filled-dd- Likewise, the wise man, gathering it little by little, fills himself with good-dd- . Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace-dd- . If you knew what I know about the power of giving, you would not let a single meal pass without sharing it in some way-dd- . The root of suffering is attachment-dd- . Silence the angry man with love-dd- Silence the ill-natured man with kindness-dd- Silence the miser with generosity-dd- Silence the liar with truth-dd- . People with opinions just go around bothering each other-dd- . Even as a solid rock is unshaken by the wind, so are the wise unshaken by praise or blame-dd- . You yourself must strive-dd- The Buddhas only point the way-dd- . Nothing can harm you as much as your own thoughts unguarded-dd- . Meditate do not delay, lest you later regret it-dd- . Understanding is the heartwood of well-spoken words-dd- . Ceasing to do evil, cultivating the good, purifying the heart: this is the teaching of the Buddhas-dd- . Delight in meditation and solitude-dd- Compose yourself, be happy-dd- You are a seeker-dd- . Ardently do today what must be done-dd- Who knows-qq- Tomorrow, death comes-dd- . What you are is what you have been-dd- What youll be is what you do now-dd- . If you propose to speak always ask yourself, is it true, is it necessary, is it kind-dd- . If you find no one to support you on the spiritual path, walk alone-dd- (This is one of my favorite Buddha quote-dd- Leave a reply and let me know whats yours-xx-) . Stop, stop-dd- Do not speak-dd- The ultimate truth is not even to think-dd- . We are what we think-dd- All that we are arises with our thoughts-dd- With our thoughts, we make the world-dd- . Just as the great ocean has one taste, the taste of salt, so also this teaching and discipline has one taste, the taste of liberation-dd- . The one in whom no longer exist the craving and thirst that perpetuate becoming; how could you track that Awakened one, trackless, and of limitless range-dd- . Endurance is one of the most difficult disciplines, but it is to the one who endures that the final victory comes-dd- . Long is the night to him who is awake; long is a mile to him who is tired; long is life to the foolish who do not know the true law-dd- . Whatever precious jewel there is in the heavenly worlds, there is nothing comparable to one who is Awakened-dd- . Our life is shaped by our mind; we become what we think-dd- Joy follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves-dd- . Like a fine flower, beautiful to look at but without scent, fine words are fruitless in a man who does not act in accordance with them-dd- . Our theories of the eternal are as valuable as are those which a chick which has not broken its way through its shell might form of the outside world-dd- . An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea-dd- . However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them-qq- . Chaos is inherent in all compounded things-dd- Strive on with diligence-dd- . Attachment leads to suffering-dd- . May all beings have happy minds-dd- . Born out of concern for all beings-dd- . I am the miracle-dd- . A jug fills drop by drop-dd- . Every human being is the author of his own health or disease-dd- . The tongue like a sharp knife Kills without drawing blood-dd- . The way is not in the sky-dd- The way is in the heart-dd- . The mind is everything-dd- What you think you become-dd- . Peace comes from within-dd- Do not seek it without-dd- . You can only lose what you cling to-dd- . I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done-dd- . As you walk and eat and travel, be where you are-dd- Otherwise you will miss most of your life-dd- . The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows-dd- . A man asked Gautama Buddha, I want happiness-dd- Buddha said, First remove I, thats Ego, then remove want, thats Desire-dd- See now, you are left with only Happiness-dd- . A family is a place where minds come in contact with one another-dd- . Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense-dd- . If your compassion does not include yourself, it is incomplete-dd- . In the end, only three things matter: how much you loved, how gently you lived, and how gracefully you let go of things not meant for you-dd- . The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground-dd- . A dog is not considered a good dog because he is a good barker-dd- A man is not considered a good man because he is a good talker-dd- . If we destroy something around us we destroy ourselves-dd- If we cheat another, we cheat ourselves-dd- . Every experience, no matter how bad it seems, holds within it a blessing of some kind-dd- The goal is to find it-dd- . Doubt everything-dd- Find your own light-dd- . A generous heart, kind speech, and a life of service and compassion are the things which renew humanity-dd- . Just as a snake sheds its skin, we must shed our past over and over again-dd- . When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky-dd- . Meditate-dd- Live purely-dd- Be quiet-dd- Do your work with mastery-dd- Like the moon, come out from behind the clouds-xx- Shine-dd- . My doctrine is not a doctrine but just a vision-dd- I have not given you any set rules, I have not given you a system-dd- . In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true-dd- . Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned-dd- . What you think you create, what you feel you attract, what you imagine you become-dd- . Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it-dd- . There has to be evil so that good can prove its purity above it-dd- . When you like a flower, you just pluck it-dd- But when you love a flower, you water it daily-dd- . It is better to travel well than to arrive-dd- . It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles-dd- Then the victory is yours-dd- It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell-dd- . If you truly loved yourself, you could never hurt another-dd- . Every morning we are born again-dd- What we do today is what matters most-dd- . Life is so very hard-dd- How can we be anything but kind-qq- . Live every act fully, as if it were your last-dd- . Virtue is persecuted more by the wicked than it is loved by the good-dd- . Nothing ever exists entirely alone; everything is in relation to everything else-dd- . Purity or impurity depends on oneself-dd- No one can purify another-dd- . To support mother and father, to cherish wife and child and to have a simple livelihood; this is the good luck-dd- . One moment can change a day, one day can change a life and one life can change the world-dd- . She who knows life flows, feels no wear or tear, needs no mending or repair-dd- . An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast; a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind-dd- . Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill-dd- . To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life; foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent-dd- . Should a seeker not find a companion who is better or equal, let them resolutely pursue a solitary course-dd- . If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change-dd- . True love is born from understanding-dd- . Radiate boundless love towards the entire world-dd- . You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection-dd- . Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals-dd- . Love is a gift of ones inner most soul to another so both can be whole-dd- . Let all-embracing thoughts for all beings be yours-dd- . We will develop and cultivate the liberation of mind by lovingkindness, make it our vehicle, make it our basis, stabilize it, exercise ourselves in it, and fully perfect it-dd- . Hatred does not cease through hatred at any time-dd- Hatred ceases through love-dd- This is an unalterable law-dd- . As rain falls equally on the just and the unjust, do not burden your heart with judgments but rain your kindness equally on all-dd- . He who loves 50 people has 50 woes; he who loves no one has no woes-dd- . Kindness should become the natural way of life, not the exception-dd- . Speak only endearing speech, speech that is welcomed-dd- Speech, when it brings no evil to others, is a pleasant thing-dd- . One is not called noble who harms living beings-dd- By not harming living beings one is called noble-dd- . Being deeply learned and skilled, being well trained and using well spoken words: this is good luck-dd- . Just as a mother would protect her only child with her life, even so let one cultivate a boundless love towards all beings-dd- . In whom there is no sympathy for living beings: know him as an outcast-dd- . Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didnt learn a lot today, at least we learned a little, and if we didnt learn a little, at least we didnt get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didnt die; so, let us all be thankful-dd- . Those attached to the notion I am and to views roam the world offending people-dd- . There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt-dd- Doubt separates people-dd- It is a poison that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations-dd- It is a thorn that irritates and hurts; it is a sword that kills-dd- . Men, driven on by thirst, run about like a snared hare; let therefore mendicant drive out thirst, by striving after passionlessness for himself-dd- . When one has the feeling of dislike for evil, when one feels tranquil, one finds pleasure in listening to good teachings; when one has these feelings and appreciates them, one is free of fear-dd- . The instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves-dd- . He is able who thinks he is able-dd- . It is a mans own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways-dd- . Delight in heedfulness-xx- Guard well your thoughts-xx- . Everything is based on mind, is led by mind, is fashioned by mind-dd- If you speak and act with a polluted mind, suffering will follow you, as the wheels of the oxcart follow the footsteps of the ox-dd- . There is nothing so disobedient as an undisciplined mind, and there is nothing so obedient as a disciplined mind-dd- . A mind unruffled by the vagaries of fortune, from sorrow freed, from defilements cleansed, from fear liberated  this is the greatest blessing-dd- . Know from the rivers in clefts and in crevices: those in small channels flow noisily, the great flow silent-dd- Whatevers not full makes noise-dd- Whatever is full is quiet-dd- . You are a seeker-dd- Delight in the mastery of your hands and your feet, of your words and your thoughts-dd- . See them, floundering in their sense of mine, like fish in the puddles of a dried-up stream  and, seeing this, live with no mine, not forming attachment for states of becoming-dd- . As I am, so are these-dd- As are these, so am I-dd- Drawing the parallel to yourself, neither kill nor get others to kill-dd- . All experiences are preceded by mind, having mind as their master, created by mind-dd- . To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to ones family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control ones own mind-dd- If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him-dd- . All wrong-doing arises because of mind-dd- If mind is transformed can wrong-doing remain-qq- . What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday, and our present thoughts build our life of tomorrow: Our life is the creation of our mind-dd- . The one who has conquered himself is a far greater hero than he who has defeated a thousand times a thousand men-dd- . Transcendental intelligence rises when the intellectual mind reaches its limit and if things are to be realized in their true and essential nature, its processes of thinking must be transcended by an appeal to some higher faculty of cognition-dd- . I will not look at anothers bowl intent on finding fault: a training to be observed-dd- . The external world is only a manifestation of the activities of the mind itself, and the mind grasps it as an external world simply because of its habit of discrimination and false-reasoning-dd- The disciple must get into the habit of looking at things truthfully-dd- . Mind precedes all mental states-dd- Mind is their chief; they are all mind-wrought-dd- . If with a pure mind a person speaks or acts happiness follows him like his never-departing shadow-dd- . There is no path to happiness: happiness is the path-dd- . Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others-dd- . Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened-dd- Happiness never decreases by being shared-dd- . It is in the nature of things that joy arises in a person free from remorse-dd- . The enlightened one, intent on jhana, should find delight in the forest, should practice jhana at the foot of a tree, attaining his own satisfaction-dd- . Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment-dd- . Set your heart on doing good-dd- Do it over and over again, and you will be filled with joy-dd- . Should a person do good, let him do it again and again-dd- Let him find pleasure therein, for blissful is the accumulation of good-dd- . We are formed and molded by our thoughts-dd- Those whose minds are shaped by selfless thoughts give joy when they speak or act-dd- Joy follows them like a shadow that never leaves them-dd- . Resolutely train yourself to attain peace-dd- . Indeed, the sage whos fully quenched rests at ease in every way; no sense desire adheres to him whose fires have cooled, deprived of fuel-dd- All attachments have been severed, the hearts been led away from pain; tranquil, he rests with utmost ease-dd- The mind has found its way to peace-dd- . Do not turn away what is given you, nor reach out for what is given to others, lest you disturb your quietness-dd- . Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace-dd- . Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life-dd- . Looking deeply at life as it is in this very moment, the meditator dwells in stability and freedom-dd- . Meditation brings wisdom; lack of mediation leaves ignorance-dd- Know well what leads you forward and what hold you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom-dd- . Whatever a monk keeps pursuing with his thinking and pondering, that becomes the inclination of his awareness-dd- . The fool who knows he is a fool is that much wiser-dd- . Whatever has the nature of arising has the nature of ceasing-dd- . Unity can only be manifested by the Binary-dd- Unity itself and the idea of Unity are already two-dd- . What is the appropriate behavior for a man or a woman in the midst of this world, where each person is clinging to his piece of debris-qq- Whats the proper salutation between people as they pass each other in this flood-qq- . The greatest gift is to give people your enlightenment, to share it-dd- It has to be the greatest-dd- . When watching after yourself, you watch after others-dd- When watching after others, you watch after yourself-dd- . Let none find fault with others; let none see the omissions and commissions of others-dd- But let one see ones own acts, done and undone-dd- . The true master lives in truth, in goodness and restraint, non-violence, moderation, and purity-dd- . Offend in neither word nor deed-dd- Eat with moderation-dd- Live in your heart-dd- Seek the highest consciousness-dd- Master yourself according to the law-dd- This is the simple teaching of the awakened-dd- . Life is like the harp string, if it is strung too tight it wont play, if it is too loose it hangs, the tension that produces the beautiful sound lies in the middle-dd- . Do not believe in anything simply because you have heard it-dd- Do not believe in anything simply because it is spoken and rumored by many-dd- Do not believe in anything simply because it is found written in your religious books-dd- Do not believe in anything merely on the authority of your teachers and elders-dd- Do not believe in traditions because they have been handed down for many generations-dd- But after observation and analysis, when you find that anything agrees with reason and is conducive to the good and benefit of one and all, then accept it and live up to it-dd- . Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind-dd- To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue-dd- . The wise ones fashioned speech with their thought, sifting it as grain is sifted through a sieve-dd- . The virtues, like the Muses, are always seen in groups-dd- A good principle was never found solitary in any breast-dd- . Someone who has set out in the vehicle of a Bodhisattva should decide that I must lead all the beings to nirvana, into that realm of nirvana which leaves nothing behind-dd- What is this realm of nirvana which leaves nothing behind -qq- . Nothing is forever except change-dd- . There is no fire like passion, there is no shark like hatred, there is no snare like folly, there is no torrent like greed-dd- . Both formerly and now, it is only suffering that I describe, and the cessation of suffering-dd- . He who can curb his wrath as soon as it arises, as a timely antidote will check snakes venom that so quickly spreads,  such a monk gives up the here and the beyond, just as a serpent sheds its worn-out skin-dd- . May all that have life be delivered from suffering-dd- . It is easy to see the faults of others, but difficult to see ones own faults-dd- One shows the faults of others like chaff winnowed in the wind, but one conceals ones own faults as a cunning gambler conceals his dice-dd- . You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger-dd- . Wear your ego like a loose fitting garment-dd- . Some do not understand that we must die, but those who do realize this settle their quarrels-dd- . Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world-dd- By non-hatred alone is hatred appeased-dd- This is a law eternal-dd- . All tremble at violence; all fear death-dd- Putting oneself in the place of another, one should not kill nor cause another to kill-dd- . I do not dispute with the world; rather it is the world that disputes with me-dd- . They blame those who remain silent, they blame those who speak much, they blame those who speak in moderation-dd- There is none in the world who is not blamed-dd- . Those who cling to perceptions and views wander the world offending people-dd- . Whoever doesnt flare up at someone whos angry wins a battle hard to win-dd- . Anger will never disappear so long as thoughts of resentment are cherished in the mind-dd- Anger will disappear just as soon as thoughts of resentment are forgotten-dd- . Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others-dd- He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind-dd- . Neither fire nor wind, birth nor death can erase our good deeds-dd- . Should you find a wise critic to point out your faults, follow him as you would a guide to hidden treasure-dd- . As an elephant in the battlefield withstands arrows shot from bows all around, even so shall I endure abuse-dd- . Praise and blame, gain and loss, pleasure and sorrow come and go like the wind-dd- To be happy, rest like a giant tree in the midst of them all-dd- . In separateness lies the worlds greatest misery; in compassion lies the worlds true strength-dd- . Be a lamp for yourselves-dd- Be your own refuge-dd- Seek for no other-dd- All things must pass-dd- Strive on diligently-dd- Dont give up-dd- . Better it is to live one day seeing the rise and fall of things than to live a hundred years without ever seeing the rise and fall of things-dd- . If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading-dd- . Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship-dd- Buddha . To keep the body in good health is a duty otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear-dd- . Without health life is not life; it is only a state of langour and suffering  an image of death-dd- . The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, not to worry about the future, not to anticipate the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly-dd- . Those who have failed to work toward the truth have missed the purpose of living-dd- . Teach this triple truth to all: A generous heart, kind speech, and a life of service and compassion are the things which renew humanity-dd- . There are two mistakes one can make along the road to truthnot going all the way, and not starting-dd- . The calmed say that what is well-spoken is best; second, that one should say what is right, not unrighteous; third, whats pleasing, not displeasing; fourth, what is true, not false-dd- . Conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the truth-dd- . Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth-dd- . If you use your mind to look for a Buddha, you wont see the Buddha-dd- Bodhidharma . And the Buddha is the person whos free: free of plans, free of cares-dd- Bodhidharma . As long as you look for a Buddha somewhere else, youll never see that your own mind is the Buddha-dd- Bodhidharma . Buddha means awareness, the awareness of body and mind that prevents evil from arising in either-dd- Bodhidharma . Buddhas dont practice nonsense-dd- Bodhidharma . A Buddha is someone who finds freedom in good fortune and bad-dd- Bodhidharma . Buddhas move freely through birth and death, appearing and disappearing at will-dd- Bodhidharma . But deluded people dont realize that their own mind is the Buddha-dd- They keep searching outside-dd- Bodhidharma . To find a Buddha all you have to do is see your nature-dd- Bodhidharma . No one can force us to transform our minds, not even Buddha-dd- We must do so voluntarily-dd- Therefore Buddha stated, You are your own master-dd- Dalai Lama . The color of the mountains is Buddhas body; the sound of running water is his great speech-dd- Dogen . The Buddha and all sentient beings are nothing but expressions of the one mind-dd- There is nothing else-dd- Huang Po . To awaken suddenly to the fact that your own Mind is the Buddha, that there is nothing to be attained or a single action to be performed-dd- This is the Supreme Way-dd- Huang Po . The words of the Buddha offer this truth: Hatred never ceases by hatred but by love alone is healed-dd- Jack Kornfield . Respect Buddha and the gods without counting on their help-dd- Miyamoto Musashi . Even the buddha does not want anyone to follow him-dd- Even the greatest masters cannot give you a single commandment-dd- They see you so uniquely you, they see your freedom to be so uniquely for you-dd- Osho . Just two small things: meditation and let-go-dd- Remember these two key words: meditation and surrender-dd- Meditation will take you in, and surrender will take you into the whole-dd- And this is the whole of religion-dd- Within these two words Buddha has condensed the whole essence of religion-dd- Osho . There is no need for God-xx- If you want to meditate you can meditate without God-dd- Buddha meditated without God; he had no belief in God-dd- Osho . A Buddha is a Buddha, a Krishna is a Krishna, and you are you-dd- Osho . He taught virtue, mindfulness, and wisdom-dd- These are the three pillars of Buddhist practice, as well as the wellsprings of everyday well-being, psychological growth, and spiritual realization-dd- Rick Hanson . If you cannot bow to Buddha, you cannot be a Buddha-dd- It is arrogance-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Buddha says there are two kinds of suffering: the kind that leads to more suffering and the kind that brings an end to suffering-dd- Terry Tempest Williams . You need to have confidence that you have the capacity to become a Buddha, the capacity of transformation and healing-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun-dd- Alan Watts . The only thing that is ultimately real about your journey is the step that you are taking at this moment-dd- Thats all there ever is-dd- Alan Watts . Everything in moderation, including moderation-dd- Buddhist saying . Learning to let go should be learned before learning to get-dd- Life should be touched, not strangled-dd- Youve got to relax, let it happen at times, and at others move forward with it-dd- Ray Bradbury . Even if things dont unfold the way you expected, dont be disheartened or give up-dd- One who continues to advance will win in the end-dd- Daisaku Ikeda . If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher-dd- Pema Chdrn . Awareness is the greatest agent for change-dd- Huang Po . Zen has no business with ideas-dd- Suzuki Roshi . To understand everything is to forgive everything-dd- Osho . We are not going in circles, we are going upwards-dd- The path is a spiral; we have already climbed many steps-dd- Hermann Hesse . The secret of Buddhism is to remove all ideas, all concepts, in order for the truth to have a chance to penetrate, to reveal itself-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If you want to change the world, start with the next person who comes to you in need-dd- Maezumi Roshi . We are here to awaken from our illusion of separateness-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . When you do something, you should burn yourself up completely, like a good bonfire, leaving no trace of yourself-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Wherever you are, be there totally-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Only the hand that erases can write the true thing-dd- Meister Eckhart . Treat every moment as your last-dd- It is not preparation for something else-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Letting go gives us freedom, and freedom is the only condition for happiness-dd- If, in our heart, we still cling to anything  anger, anxiety, or possessions  we cannot be free-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If in our daily life we can smile, if we can be peaceful and happy, not only we, but everyone will profit from it-dd- This is the most basic kind of peace work-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . It is possible to live happily in the here and now-dd- So many conditions of happiness are available  more than enough for you to be happy right now-dd- You dont have to run into the future in order to get more-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . In a gentle way, you can shake the world-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is an attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Nobody can hurt me without my permission-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . All know the way; few actually walk it-dd- Bodhidharma . The minds capacity is limitless, and its manifestations are inexhaustible-dd- Seeing forms with your eyes, hearing sounds with your ears, smelling odors with your nose, tasting flavors with your tongue, every movement or state is all your mind-dd- Bodhidharma . To seek is to suffer-dd- To seek nothing is bliss-dd- Bodhidharma . Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall-dd- Confucius . It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop-dd- Confucius . Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change-dd- Confucius . Be kind whenever possible-dd- It is always possible-dd- Dalai Lama . Remember that the best relationship is one in which your love for each other exceeds your need for each other-dd- Dalai Lama . My religion is very simple-dd- My religion is kindness-dd- Dalai Lama . Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished-dd- Lao Tzu . Health is the greatest possession-dd- Contentment is the greatest treasure-dd- Confidence is the greatest friend-dd- Non-being is the greatest joy-dd- Lao Tzu . Mastering others is strength-dd- Mastering yourself is true power-dd- Lao Tzu . Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something-dd- Plato . We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light-dd- Plato . You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation-dd- Plato . Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom-dd- Aristotle . Happiness depends upon ourselves-dd- Aristotle . Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all-dd- Aristotle . It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society-dd- Jiddu Krisnamurti . If you begin to understand what you are without trying to change it, then what you are undergoes a transformation-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Tradition becomes our security, and when the mind is secure it is in decay-dd- Jiddu Krisnamurti . You have to grow from the inside out-dd- None can teach you, none can make you spiritual-dd- There is no other teacher but your own soul-dd- Swami Vivekananda . We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think-dd- Words are secondary-dd- Thoughts live; they travel far-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Take up one idea-dd- Make that one idea your life; dream of it; think of it; live on that idea-dd- Let the brain, the body, muscles, nerves, every part of your body be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone-dd- This is the way to success, and this is the way great spiritual giants are produced-dd- Swami Vivekananda . True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing-dd- Socrates . He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature-dd- Socrates . Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel-dd- Socrates . Life begins where fear ends-dd- Osho . Friendship is the purest love-dd- It is the highest form of Love where nothing is asked for, no condition, where one simply enjoys giving-dd- Osho . Truth is not something outside to be discovered, it is something inside to be realized-dd- Osho . The whole secret of existence is to have no fear-dd- Never fear what will become of you, depend on no one-dd- Only the moment you reject all help are you freed-dd- Buddha . Any fool can know-dd- The point is to understand-dd- Albert Einstein . Imagination is the highest form of research-dd- Albert Einstein . The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education-dd- Albert Einstein . I salute the man who is going through life always helpful, knowing no fear, and to whom aggressiveness and resentment are alien-dd- Albert Einstein . A calm and modest life brings more happiness than the pursuit of success combined with constant restlessness-dd- Albert Einstein . Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them-dd- Albert Einstein . If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales-dd- If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales-dd- Albert Einstein . All I have is the stubbornness of a mule; no, that’s quite all, I also have a nose-dd- Albert Einstein Note: It’s refreshing to see someone as famous as Einstein laughing at himself-dd- For more on this, check out the humanity and humility section . He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead; his eyes are closed-dd- Albert Einstein . The search for truth is more precious than its possession-dd- Albert Einstein . The value of achievement lies in the achieving-dd- Albert Einstein . Long live impudence-xx- It’s my guardian angel in this world-dd- . I always get by best with my naivety, which is 20 percent deliberate-dd- . A happy man is too satisfied with the present to dwell too much on the future-dd- . Nothing truly valuable arises from ambition or from a mere sense of duty; it stems rather from love and devotion toward men and toward objective things-dd- . If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor-dd- . Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools-dd- . Three rules of work: Out of clutter find simplicity; From discord find harmony; In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity-dd- . On the mysterious: It is the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science-dd- He who knows it not and can no longer wonder, no longer feel amazement, is as good as dead, a snuffed-out candle-dd- . The only thing more dangerous than ignorance is arrogance-dd- . Weak people revenge-dd- Strong people forgive-dd- Intelligent people ignore-dd- . To see with one’s own eyes, to feel and judge without succumbing to the suggestive power of the fashion of the day, to be able to express what one has seen and felt in a trim sentence or even in a cunningly wrought word – is that not glorious-qq- Is it not a proper subject for congratulation-qq- . Most people say that it is the intellect which makes a great scientist-dd- They are wrong: it is character-dd- . The ideals which have lighted me on my way and time after time given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been truth, goodness, and beauty-dd- . If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed-dd- . To raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old problems from a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advance in science-dd- . I do not at all believe in human freedom in the philosophical sense-dd- Everybody acts not only under external compulsion but also in accordance with inner necessity-dd- . Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent-dd- It takes a touch of genius, and a lot of courage, to move in the opposite direction-dd- . Unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth-dd- . The only thing I did was this: in long intervals I have expressed an opinion on public issues whenever they appeared to me so bad and unfortunate that silence would have made me feel guilty of complicity-dd- . How strange is the lot of us mortals-xx- Each of us is here for a brief sojourn; for what purpose he knows not, though he sometimes thinks he senses it-dd- . I am by heritage a Jew, by citizenship a Swiss, and by makeup a human being, and only a human being, without any special attachment to any state or national entity whatsoever-dd- . The value of a man should be seen in what he gives and not in what he is able to receive-dd- . When I am judging a theory, I ask myself whether, if I were God, I would have arranged the world in such a way-dd- . I believe in intuition and inspiration-dd- At times I feel certain I am right while not knowing the reason-dd- . Don’t listen to the person who has the answers; listen to the person who has the questions-dd- (This is one of my favorite Albert Einstein quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . The only source of knowledge is experience-dd- . The only real valuable thing is intuition-dd- . If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough-dd- . It’s not that I’m so smart, it’s just that I stay with problems longer-dd- . Creativity is intelligence having fun-dd- . I lived in that solitude which is painful in youth, but delicious in maturity-dd- . At any rate, I am convinced that He does not play dice-dd- . I want to know God’s thoughts; the rest are details-dd- . Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler-dd- . The world is not dangerous because of those who do harm but because of those who look at it without doing anything-dd- . The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible-dd- . The most powerful force in the universe is compound interest-dd- . You have to learn the rules of the game-dd- And then you have to play better than anyone else-dd- . There are only two ways to live your life-dd- One is as though nothing is a miracle-dd- The other is as though everything is a miracle-dd- . No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it-dd- . Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value-dd- . You never fail until you stop trying-dd- . Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them-dd- . A little knowledge is dangerous-dd- So is a lot-dd- . God is subtle but he is not malicious-dd- . Information is not knowledge-dd- . One flower is beautiful, a surfeit of flowers is vulgar-dd- . Where there’s a will there’s a way-dd- . The idle man does not know what it is to enjoy rest-dd- . Great spirits have always found violent opposition from mediocrities-dd- . The man of science is a poor philosopher-dd- . Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character-dd- . If the facts don’t fit the theory, change the facts-dd- . I never think of the future – it comes soon enough-dd- . Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow-dd- . When the solution is simple, God is answering-dd- . Coincidence is God’s way of remaining anonymous-dd- . Never memorize something that you can look up-dd- . A person starts to live when he can live outside himself-dd- . As far as I’m concerned, I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue-dd- . God always takes the simplest way-dd- . Imagination is everything-dd- It is the preview of life’s coming attractions-dd- . I have no special talent-dd- I am only passionately curious-dd- . The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination-dd- . Each of us has to do his little bit toward transforming this spirit of the times-dd- . Never give up on what you really want to do-dd- The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts-dd- . I, an old man, greet you Japanese schoolchildren from afar and hope that your generation may some day put mine to shame-dd- . The destiny of civilized humanity depends more than ever on the moral forces it is capable of generating-dd- . Measured objectively, what a man can wrest from Truth by passionate striving is utterly infinitesimal-dd- But the striving frees us from the bonds of the self and makes us comrades of those who are the best and the greatest-dd- . A new type of thinking is essential if mankind is to survive and move toward higher levels-dd- . As for the search for truth, I know from my own painful searching, with its many blind alleys, how hard it is to take a reliable step, be it ever so small, towards the understanding of that which is truly important-dd- . A theory is the more impressive the greater the simplicity of its premises, the more different kinds of things it relates, and the more extended its area of applicability-dd- . It would be possible to describe everything scientifically, but it would make no sense; it would be without meaning, as if you described a Beethoven symphony as a variation of wave pressure-dd- . Imagination is more important than knowledge-dd- For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution-dd- It is, strictly speaking, a real factor in scientific research-dd- . A person who is religiously enlightened appears to me to be one who has, to the best of his ability, liberated himself from the fetters of his selfish desires and is preoccupied with thoughts, feelings, and aspirations to which he clings because of their superpersonal value-dd- . On receiving Lord & Taylor Award: It gives me great pleasure, indeed, to see the stubbornness of an incorrigible nonconformist warmly acclaimed-dd- . The really valuable thing in the pageant of human life seems to me not the State but the creative, sentient individual, the personality; it alone creates the noble and the sublime, while the herd as such remains dull in thought and full in feeling-dd- . The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives-dd- . The man who regards his own life and that of his fellow creatures as meaningless is not merely unfortunate but almost disqualified for life-dd- . The really good music, whether of the East or of the West, cannot be analyzed-dd- . If I were not a physicist, I would probably be a musician-dd- I often think in music-dd- I live my daydreams in music-dd- I see my life in terms of music-dd- . Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible-dd- . Bureaucracy is the death of all sound work-dd- . You can’t blame gravity for falling in love-dd- . I’m doing just fine, considering that I have triumphantly survived Nazism and two wives-dd- . I have reached an age when, if someone tells me to wear socks, I don’t have to-dd- . Women always worry about things that men forget; men always worry about things women remember-dd- . Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves-dd- . A question that sometimes drives me hazy: am I or are the others crazy-qq- . There is a race between mankind and the universe-dd- Mankind is trying to build bigger, better, faster, and more foolproof machines-dd- The universe is trying to build bigger, better, and faster fools-dd- So far the universe is winning-dd- . After receiving a distinction from Chicago Decalogue Society: How unfortunate a state must a community find itself if it cannot produce a more suitable candidate upon whom to confer such a distinction-qq- . As for the words of warm praise addressed to me, I shall carefully refrain from disputing them-dd- For who still believes that there is such a thing as genuine modesty-qq- I should run the risk of being taken for just an old hypocrite-dd- . Science is a wonderful thing if one does not have to earn one’s living at it-dd- . If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it-qq- . What a strange thing must be a girl’s soul-xx- Do you really believe that you could find permanent happiness through others, even if this be the one and only beloved man-qq- I know this sort of animal personally, from my own experience as I am one of them myself-dd- Not too much should be expected from them, this I know quite exactly-dd- Today we are sullen, tomorrow high-spirited, after tomorrow cold, then again irritated and half-sick of life-dd- And so it goes-dd- . Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I’m not sure about the the universe-dd- . The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits-dd- . The wireless telegraph is not difficult to understand-dd- The ordinary telegraph is like a very long cat-dd- You pull the tail in New York, and it meows in Los Angeles-dd- The wireless is the same, only without the cat-dd- . Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results-dd- . Everyone is a genius-dd- But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid-dd- (No solid evidence that Einstein said this one) . Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour-dd- Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute-dd- That’s relativity-dd- . Too many of us look upon Americans as dollar chasers-dd- This is a cruel libel, even if it is reiterated thoughtlessly by the Americans themselves-dd- . Those who thoughtlessly make use of the miracles of science and technology, without understanding more about them than a cow eating plants understands about botany, should be ashamed of themselves-dd- . One had to cram all this stuff into one’s mind for the examinations, whether one liked it or not-dd- This coercion had such a deterring effect on me that, after I had passed the final examination, I found the consideration of any scientific problems distasteful to me for an entire year-dd- . No one here at the Technikum is up to date in modern physics -qq- I have already tapped all of them without success-dd- Would I too become so lazy intellectually if I were ever doing well-qq- . The hardest thing to understand in the world is the income tax-dd- . Black holes are where God divided by zero-dd- . Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics-dd- I can assure you mine are still greater-dd- . The devil has put a penalty on all things we enjoy in life-dd- Either we suffer in health or we suffer in soul or we get fat-dd- . If A equals success, then the formula is A equals X plus Y and Z, with X being work, Y play, and Z keeping your mouth shut-dd- . We all know that light travels faster than sound-dd- That’s why certain people appear bright until you hear them speak-dd- . To punish me for my contempt for authority, fate made me an authority myself-dd- . A clever person solves a problem-dd- A wise person avoids it-dd- . A perfection of means, and confusion of aims, seems to be our main problem-dd- . Mankind invented the atomic bomb, but no mouse would ever construct a mousetrap-dd- . Stay away from negative people-dd- They have a problem for every solution-dd- . Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it-dd- . Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else, unless it is an enemy-dd- . Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters-dd- . Sometimes one pays most for the things one gets for nothing-dd- . At our age, the devil doesn’t give you much time off-xx- . Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind-dd- . Not everything that counts can be counted, and not everything that can be counted counts-dd- (Sign hanging in Einstein’s office at Princeton) . All of one’s contemporaries and aging friends are living in a delicate balance, and one feels that one’s own consciousness is no longer as brightly lit as it once was-dd- But then, twilight with its more subdued colors has its charms as well-dd- . I soon learned to scent out what was able to lead to fundamentals and to turn aside from everything else, from the multitude of things that clutter up the mind-dd- . It would be possible to describe everything scientifically, but it would make no sense; it would be without meaning, as if you described a Beethoven symphony as a variation of wave pressure-dd- . No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong-dd- . A new idea comes suddenly and in a rather intuitive way, but intuition is nothing but the outcome of earlier intellectual experience-dd- . As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality-dd- . The foundation of morality should not be made dependent on myth nor tied to any authority lest doubt about the myth or about the legitimacy of the authority imperil the foundation of sound judgment and action-dd- . Anyone who doesn’t take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either-dd- . The eternal mystery of the universe is its comprehensibility-dd- . The intuitive mind is a sacred gift and the rational mind is a faithful servant-dd- We have created a society that honors the servant and has forgotten the gift-dd- . Education is what remains after one has forgotten everything he learned in school-dd- . Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age 18-dd- . What is right is not always popular and what is popular is not always right-dd- . One lives one’s life under constant tension, until it is time to go for good-dd- . I have remained a simple fellow who asks nothing of the world; only my youth is gone – the enchanting youth that forever walks on air-dd- . I no longer need to take part in the competition of the big brains-dd- Participating [in the process] has always seem to me an awful type of slavery no less evil than the passion for money or power-dd- . I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind-dd- . Compassionate people are geniuses in the art of living, more necessary to the dignity, security, and joy of humanity than the discoverers of knowledge-dd- . A hundred times every day I remind myself that my inner and outer life depend on the labours of other men, living and dead, and that I must exert myself in order to give in the same measure as I received and am still receiving-dd- . The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there’s no risk of accident for someone who’s dead-dd- . I have firmly resolved to bite the dust, when my time comes, with a minimum of medical assistance, and up to then I will sin to my wicked heart’s content-dd- . The old who have died live on in the young ones-dd- Don’t you feel this now in your bereavement, when you look at your children-qq- . Our death is not an end if we have lived on in our children and the younger generations-dd- For they are us; our bodies are only wilted leaves on the tree of life-dd- . This life is not such that we ought to complain when it comes to and end for us or for a loved one; rather, we may look back in satisfaction when it has been bravely and honorably withstood-dd- . I am strongly drawn to a frugal life and am often oppressively aware that I am engrossing an undue amount of the labor of my fellow-men-dd- . I am glad that you have given me the opportunity of expressing to you here my deep sense of gratitude as a man, as a good European, and as a Jew-dd- . I believe that whatever we do or live for has its causality; it is good, however, that we cannot see through to it-dd- . People like you and I, though mortal of course, like everyone else, do not grow old no matter how long we live-dd- What I mean is that we never cease to stand like curious children before the great mystery into which we were born-dd- . I am satisfied with the mystery of the eternity of life and with the awareness and a glimpse of the marvelous structure of the existing world, together with the devoted striving to comprehend a portion, be it ever so tiny, of the Reason that manifest itself in nature-dd- . I am happy at the thought that the worst worries are over for my parents-dd- . My mother died a week ago today in terrible agony-dd- We are all completely exhausted-dd- One feels in one’s bones the significance of blood ties-dd- . One of the strongest motives that lead men to art and science is escape from everyday life with its painful crudity and hopeless dreariness, from the fetters of one’s own ever-shifting desires-dd- A finely tempered nature longs to escape from the personal life into the world of objective perception and thought-dd- . May they not forget to keep pure the great heritage that puts them ahead of the West: the artistic configuration of life, the simplicity and modesty of personal needs, and the purity and serenity of the Japanese soul-dd- . What depressed me most is, of course, the misfortune of my poor parents who have not had a happy moment for so many years-dd- What further hurts deeply is that as an adult man, I have to look on without being able to do anything-dd- . The satisfaction of physical needs is indeed the indispensable precondition of a satisfactory existence, but in itself it is not enough-dd- In order to be content, men must also have the possibility of developing their intellectual and artistic powers to whatever extent accords with their personal characteristics and abilities-dd- . I just read a wonderful paper by Lenard on the generation of cathode rays by ultraviolet light-dd- Under the influence of this beautiful piece, I am filled with such happiness and joy that I absolutely must share some of it with you-dd- . Human beings can attain a worthy and harmonious life only if they are able to rid themselves, within the limits of human nature, of striving to fulfill wishes of the material kind-dd- . My mother and sister seem somewhat petty and philistine to me, despite the sympathy I feel for them-dd- It is interesting how gradually our life changes us in the very subtleties of our soul, so that even the closest of family ties dwindle into habitual friendship-dd- Deep inside we no longer understand one another, and are incapable of actively empathizing with the other, or knowing what emotions move the other-dd- . On his cheerful father: He was content to observe without wishing for more-dd- . For a place to be born in, the house is pleasant enough, because on that occasion one makes no great aesthetic demands; instead one begins life screaming at one’s dear ones, without bothering too much about reasons and circumstances-dd- . Live with purpose-dd- Don’t let people or things around you get you down-dd- . Death is a reality… Life ends definitely when the subject, by his actions, no longer affects his environment… He can no longer add an iota to the sum total of his experience-dd- . Sometimes the only thought that sustains me and is my only refuge from despair is that I have always done everything I could within my small power, and that year in, year out, I have never permitted myself any amusements or diversions except those afforded by my studies-dd- . Life is like riding a bicycle-dd- To keep your balance, you must keep moving-dd- . A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin; what else does a man need to be happy-qq- . On how he sees himself: A person with no roots anywhere…a stranger everywhere-dd- . I am a real lone wolf who has never wholeheartedly belonged to the State, to my country, my circle of friends and not even to my family but who, despite all these bonds, has constantly experienced a feeling of strangeness and the need for solitude-dd- . Be a loner-dd- That gives you time to wonder, to search for the truth-dd- Have holy curiosity-dd- Make your life worth living-dd- . Although I have a regular work schedule, I take time to go for long walks on the beach so that I can listen to what is going on inside my head-dd- If my work isn’t going well, I lie down in the middle of a workday and gaze at the ceiling while I listen and visualize what goes on in my imagination-dd- . I am neither a German citizen, nor do I believe in anything that can be described as a ‘Jewish faith-dd-’ But I am a Jew and glad to belong to the Jewish people, though I do not regard it in any way as chosen-dd- . My passionate interest in social justice and social responsibility has always stood in curious contrast to a marked lack of desire for direct association with men and women-dd- . I am a horse for single harness, not cut out for tandem or team work-dd- I have never belonged wholeheartedly to country or state, to my circle of friends, or even to my own family-dd- These ties have always been accompanied by a vague aloofness, and the wish to withdraw into myself increases with the years-dd- . When I was young, all I wanted and expected from life was to sit quietly in some corner doing my work without the public paying attention to me-dd- . It is strange to be known so universally and yet to be so lonely-dd- . Solitude can be tolerated only up to a certain limit, you know-dd- . There are two means of refuge from the misery of life – music and cats-dd- . I lived in solitude in the country and noticed how the monotony of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind-dd- . The woman who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd-dd- The woman who walks alone is likely to find herself in places no one has ever been before-dd- . I believe in one thing, that only a life lived for others is a life worth living-dd- . With fame I become more and more stupid, which of course is a very common phenomenon-dd- . Why is it that nobody understands me, yet everybody likes me-qq- . Without deep reflection one knows from daily life that one exists for other people-dd- . I simply enjoy giving more than receiving in every respect, to not take myself nor the doings of the masses seriously, am not ashamed of my weaknesses and vices, and naturally take things as they come with equanimity and humor-dd- Many people are like this, and I really cannot understand why I have been made into a kind of idol-dd- . There is far too great a disproportion between what one is and what others think one is, or at least what they say they think one is-dd- But one has to take it all with good humor-dd- . Of course, understanding of our fellow-beings is important-dd- But this understanding becomes fruitful only when it is sustained by sympathetic feeling in joy and in sorrow-dd- The cultivation of this most important spring of moral action is that which is left of religion when it has been purified of the elements of superstition-dd- . Desire for approval and recognition is a healthy motive, but the desire to be acknowledged as better, stronger or more intelligent than a fellow being or fellow scholar easily leads to an excessively egoistic psychological adjustment-dd- . Many times a day I realize how much my outer and inner life is based upon the labors of my fellow men, both living and dead, and how much I must exert myself in order to give in return as much as I have received-dd- . It is an irony of fate that I myself have been the recipient of excessive admiration and reverence from my fellow-beings, through no fault or merit of my own-dd- . The best way to cheer yourself is to cheer somebody else up-dd- . The high destiny of the individual is to serve rather than to rule-dd- . The only way to escape the corruptible effect of praise is to go on working-dd- . I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university-dd- . Look around at how people want to get more out of life than they put in-dd- A man of value will give more than he receives-dd- . I am content in my later years-dd- I have kept my good humor and take neither myself nor the next person seriously-dd- . Without the sense of fellowship with men of like mind, of preoccupation with the objective, the eternally unattainable in the field of art and scientific research, life would have seemed to me empty-dd- . An awareness of my limitations pervades me all the more keenly in recent times because my faculties have been quite overrated since a few consequences of general relativity theory have stood the test-dd- . A man’s value to the community depends primarily on how far his feelings, thoughts, and actions are directed towards promoting the good of his fellows-dd- . The most important motive for work in school and in life is pleasure in work, pleasure in its result and the knowledge of the value of the result to the community-dd- . Only one who devotes himself to a cause with his whole strength and soul can be a true master-dd- For this reason mastery demands all of a person-dd- . I lack any sentiment of the sort; all I have is a sense of duty toward all people and an attachment to those with whom I have become intimate-dd- . The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don’t do anything about it-dd- . A man’s ethical behavior should be based effectually on sympathy, education, and social ties; no religious basis is necessary-dd- Man would indeed be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear of punishment and hope of reward after death-dd- . Each of us visits this Earth involuntarily, and without an invitation-dd- For me, it is enough to wonder at the secrets-dd- . Be creative, but make sure that what you create is not a curse for mankind-dd- . Love brings much happiness, much more than pining brings pain-dd- . I firmly believe that love [of a subject or hobby] is a better teacher than a sense of duty – at least for me-dd- . Women marry men hoping they will change-dd- Men marry women hoping they will not-dd- So each is inevitably disappointed-dd- . To Mileva Maric: Only the though of you gives my life here a true meaning-dd- . To Mileva Maric: How proud I will be to have a little Ph-dd-D-dd- for a sweetheart-dd- . To Mileva Maric: When you are my dear little wife, we will zealously do scientific work together, so as not to become old philistines, right-qq- My sister seemed to me so philistine-dd- You must never become like that, it would be awful for me-dd- You must always remain my witch and my street urchin-qq--dd- . To Mileva Maric: Just be of good cheer, love, and don’t fret-dd- . To Mileva Maric: If only I could give you some of my happiness, so that you would never be sad and wistful-dd- . To Mileva Maric: Don’t be angry for my not having written you for so long, I simply haven’t much to say that you don’t know already-dd- So I help myself out with what always stays lovely and nice-dd- . To Mileva Maric: I am fond of you, my dear girl, and am looking forward to seeing you again on Sunday-dd- We shall again spend an enchanting cozy day together-dd- . To Mileva Maric: I am so lucky to have found you – a creature who is my equal, and who is as strong and independent as I am-dd- . To Mileva Maric: Destiny seems to bear some grudge against the two of us-dd- But this will make things all the more beautiful later on, when all obstacles and worries have been overcome-dd- . To Mileva Maric: But all that doesn’t matter-dd- After all, I have you and your love-dd- . To Mileva Maric: How delightful it was the last time, when I was allowed to press your dear little person to me the way nature created it, let me tenderly kiss you for that, you dear good soul-xx- . Letter to Marie Winteler: As to whether I will be patient-qq- What other choice do I have with my beloved, naughty little angle-qq- . Letter to Marie Winteler: You mean more to my soul than the whole world did before, the ‘insignificant silly sweetheart that knows nothing and understands nothing-dd-’ . Possessing you makes me proud & your love makes me happy-dd- I will be doubly happy when I can press you to my heart again and see your loving eyes-dd- . When you trip over love, it is easy to get up-dd- But when you fall in love, it is impossible to stand again-dd- . Is it not a lack of real affection that scares me away again and again from marriage-dd- Is it a fear of the comfortable life, or nice furniture, of dishonor that I burden myself with, or even the fear of becoming a contented bourgeois-qq- . Marriage makes people treat each other as articles of property and no longer as free human beings-dd- . Marriage is but slavery made to appear civilized-dd- . One must take what nature gives as one finds it-dd- . Joy in looking and comprehending is nature’s most beautiful gift-dd- . How wretchedly inadequate is the theoretical physicist as he stands before Nature, and before his students-dd- . My scientific work is motivated by an irresistible longing to understand the secrets of nature and by no other feelings-dd- My love for justice and the striving to contribute towards the improvement of human conditions are quite independent from my scientific interests-dd- . Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better-dd- . The only reason for time is so that everything doesn’t happen at once-dd- . (On if his life was a success): Neither on my deathbed nor before will I ask myself such a question-dd- Nature is not an engineer or a contractor, and I myself am a part of Nature-dd- . Occurrences in this domain are beyond the reach of exact prediction because of the variety of factors in operation, not because of any lack of order in nature-dd- . Numerous are the wares that nature produces by the dozen, but her choice products are few-dd- . Space by itself, and time by itself, are doomed to fade away into mere shadows, and only a kind union of the two will preserve an independent reality-dd- . A spirit is manifest in the laws of the universe, a spirit vastly superior to that of man, and one in the face of which we with our modest powers must feel humble-dd- . If the bee disappeared off the surface of the globe, then man would have only four years of life left-dd- No more bees, no more pollination, no more plants, no more animals, no more man-dd- (See Quote Investigator for the source) . I sometimes ask myself how it came about that I was the one to develop the theory of relativity-dd- The reason, I think, is that a normal adult never stops to think about problems of space and time-dd- These are things which he has thought about as a child-dd- . What I see is a certain something, desolate and grey as infinity-dd- I do not believe that the structure of the human brain is to be blamed for the fact that man cannot grasp infinity-dd- . Make a lot of walks to get healthy and don’t read that much but save yourself some until you’re grown up-dd- . Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one-dd- . A human being is a part of a whole, called by us ‘universe’, a part limited in time and space-dd- He experiences himself, his thoughts and feelings as something separated from the rest… a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness-dd- This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us-dd- Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty-dd- . The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious-dd- . Failure and deprivation are the best educators and purifiers-dd- . I do not much believe in education-dd- Each man ought to be his own model, however frightful that may be-dd- . The only thing that you absolutely have to know, is the location of the library-dd- . Combinatory play seems to be the essential feature in productive thought-dd- . That is the way to learn the most, that when you are doing something with such enjoyment that you don’t notice that the time passes-dd- . On education: The point is to develop the childlike inclination for play and the childlike desire for recognition and to guide the child over to important fields for society; it is that education which in the main is founded upon the desire for successful activity and acknowledgment-dd- . The aim (of education) must be the training of independently acting and thinking individuals who, however, can see in the service to the community their highest life achievement-dd- . Studying, and striving for truth and beauty in general, is a sphere in which we are allowed to be children throughout life-dd- . Only if outward and inner freedom are constantly and consciously pursued is there a possibility of spiritual development and perfection and thus of improving man’s outward and inner life-dd- . Never regard your study as a duty, but as the enviable opportunity to learn the liberating beauty of the intellect for your own personal joy and for the profit of the community to which your later work will belong-dd- . Schools may favor such freedom by encouraging independent thought-dd- . I believe, indeed, that overemphasis on the purely intellectual attitude, often directed solely to the practical and factual, in our education, has led directly to the impairment of ethical values-dd- . Today also there is an urge toward social progress, toward tolerance and freedom of thought, toward a larger political unity… But the students at our universities have ceased as completely as their teachers to embody the hopes and ideals of the people-dd- . The most valuable thing a teacher can impart to children is not knowledge and understanding per se but a longing for knowledge and understanding, and an appreciation for intellectual values, whether they be artistic, scientific, or moral-dd- . It is true that my parents were worried because I began to speak relatively late, so much so that they consulted a doctor-dd- I can’t say how old I was then, certainly not less than three-dd- . In the matter of physics [education], the first lessons should contain nothing but what is experimental and interesting to see-dd- . When I was a little boy my father showed me a small compass, and the enormous impression that it made on me certainly played a role in my life-dd- . (Part 1) It is not so very important for a person to learn facts-dd- For that he does not really need college-dd- He can learn them from books-dd- . (Part 2) The value of an education in a liberal arts college is not the learning of many facts, but the training of the mind to think something that cannot be learned from textbooks-dd- . Copernicus, through his work and the greatness of his personality, taught man to be modest-dd- . Young people especially like to contemplate bold projects-dd- Also, it is natural for a serious young man to envision his desired goals with the greatest possible precision-dd- . Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits-dd- Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking-dd- . We will hope that future historians will explain the morbid symptoms of present day society as the childhood ailments of an aspiring humanity, due entirely to the excessive speed at which civilization was advancing-dd- . The students at our universities have ceased as completely as their teachers to enshrine the hopes and ideals of the nation-dd- . Numerous are the academic chairs, but rare are wise and noble teachers-dd- Numerous and large are the lecture halls, but far from numerous the young people who genuinely thirst for truth and justice-dd- . When compared to six years’ schooling at a German authoritarian gymnasium, it made me clearly realize how much superior an education based on free action and personal responsibility is to one relying on outward authority-dd- . This is quite natural: everybody likes to do that for which he has a talent-dd- . It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge-dd- . If you can’t explain it to a six year old, you don’t understand it yourself-dd- . I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination-dd- . This delicate little plant [curiosity], aside from stimulation, stands mainly in need of freedom-dd- . I never made one of my discoveries through the process of rational thinking-dd- . True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist-dd- . It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education-dd- . The gift of fantasy has meant more to me than my talent for absorbing positive knowledge-dd- . I very rarely think in words at all-dd- A thought comes, and I may try to express it in words afterwards-dd- . I am certain that it is the mystery of not understanding that attracts people; it impresses them with the aura and magnetism of mystery-dd- . The great moral teachers of humanity were, in a way, artistic geniuses in the art of living-dd- . There is no logical way to the discovery of these elemental laws-dd- There is only the way of intuition, which is helped by a feeling for the order lying behind the appearance-dd- . The more a man is imbued with the ordered regularity of all events the firmer becomes his convictions that there is no room left by the side of this ordered regularity for cause of a different nature-dd- . The development of science and of the creative activities of the spirit in general requires still another kind of freedom, which may be characterized as inward freedom-dd- It is this freedom of the spirit which consists in the independence of thought from the restrictions of authoritarian and social prejudices as well as from unphilosophical routinizing and habit in general-dd- . The important thing is not to stop questioning-dd- Curiosity has its own reason for existing-dd- One cannot help but be in awe when one contemplates the mysteries of eternity, of life, of the marvelous structure of reality-dd- It is enough if one tries to comprehend only a little of this mystery every day-dd- . People like you and me never grow old-dd- We never cease to stand like curious children before the great mystery into which we were born-dd- . The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources-dd- . Music doesn’t influence research work, but both are nourished by the same sort of longing, and they complement each other in the satisfaction they offer-dd- . As to Schubert, I have only this to say: play the music, love – and keep you mouth shut-dd- . This is what I have to say about Bach’s life and work: listen, play, love, revere – and keep your mouth shut-dd- . Mozart’s music is so pure and beautiful that I see it as a reflection of the inner beauty of the universe-dd- . I took violin lessons from age 6 to 14, but had no luck with my teachers, for whom music did not transcend mechanical practicing, I really began to learn only when I was about 13 years old, mainly after I had fallen in love with Mozart’s sonatas-dd- . Logic will get you from A to B-dd- Imagination will take you everywhere-dd- . Without creative personalities able to think and judge independently, the upward development of society is as unthinkable as the development of the individual personality without the nourishing soil of the community-dd- . A big fat book full of colored drawings by Japanese children lies always on my table-dd- . A country becomes really a soul only in consciously serving the intellectual life-dd- . The theme that I recognize in Galileo’s work, is the passionate fight against any kind of dogma based on authority-dd- Suspicion against every kind of authority grew out of this experience, an attitude which has never again left me-dd- . Everything that is really great and inspiring is created by the individual who can labor in freedom-dd- . Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means-dd- . Success comes from curiosity, concentration, perseverance and self-criticism-dd- . The ordinary objects of human endeavour – property, outward success, luxury – have always seemed to me contemptible-dd- . Most people stop looking when they find the proverbial needle in the haystack-dd- I would continue looking to see if there were other needles-dd- . The example of great and pure individuals in the only thing that can lead us to noble thoughts and deeds-dd- . If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things-dd- . Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts-dd- . Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new-dd- . If the rabble continues to occupy itself with you, then simply don’t read that hogwash, but rather leave it to the reptile for whom it has been fabricated-dd- (Letter to Marie Curie about critics) . I think and think for months and years-dd- Ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false-dd- The hundredth time I am right-dd- . I most seriously believe that one does people the best service by giving them some elevating work to do and thus indirectly elevating them-dd- . The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while-dd- . The true value of a human being is determined primarily by the measure and the sense in which he has attained liberation from the self-dd- . On Mahatma Gandhi after his assassination: Generations to come, it may well be, will scarce believe that such a man as this one ever in flesh and blood walked upon this Earth-dd- . Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment-dd- Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions-dd- . A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be-dd- . To make a goal of comfort or happiness has never appealed to me; a system of ethics built on this basis would be sufficient only for a herd of cattle-dd- . Scientists investigate that which already is-dd- . I am not very satisfied with my theory of thermoelectricity-dd- . I never failed in mathematics-dd- Before I was fifteen I had mastered differential and integral calculus-dd- . The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking-dd- . It is the theory that decides what can be observed-dd- . Everyone who is seriously involved in the pursuit of science becomes convinced that some spirit is manifest in the laws of the universe, one that is vastly superior to that of man-dd- In this way the pursuit of science leads to a religious feeling of a special sort, which is surely quite different from the religiosity of someone more naive-dd- . The scientist find his rewards in what Henri Poincaré calls the joy of comprehension, and not in the possibilities of application to which any discovery may lead-dd- . To his sons: I am actually glad that neither of you dedicated yourselves to science, because it is a hard thing, full of difficult and futile work-dd- . This world is a strange madhouse-dd- Currently, every coachman and every waiter is debating whether relativity theory is correct-dd- . When I have no special problem to occupy my mind, I love to reconstruct proofs of mathematical and physical theorems that have long been known to me-dd- There is no goal in this, merely an opportunity to indulge in the pleasant occupation of thinking-dd- . The real goal of my research has always been the simplification and unification of the system of theoretical physics-dd- . The progress of science presupposes the possibility of unrestricted communications of all results and judgments – freedom of expression and instruction in all realms of intellectual endeavor-dd- . This evening I sat 2 hours at the window and thought about how the law of interaction of molecular forces could be determined-dd- . The process of scientific discovery is, in effect, a continual flight from wonder-dd- . People like us, who believe in physics, know that the distinction between past, present, and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion-dd- . The grand aim of all science is to cover the greatest number of empirical facts by logical deduction from the smallest number of hypotheses or axioms-dd- . Why does this magnificent applied science which saves work and makes life easier bring us so little happiness-qq- The simple answer runs: Because we have not yet learned to make sensible use of it-dd- . In science, moreover, the work of the individual is so bound up with that of his scientific predecessors and contemporaries that it appears almost as an impersonal product of his generation-dd- . It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity-dd- . Our entire much-praised technological progress, and civilization generally, could be compared to an axe in the hand of a pathological criminal-dd- . Concern for man and his fate must always form the chief objective of all technological endeavors… in order that the creations of our minds shall be a blessing and not a curse to mankind-dd- Never forget this in the midst of your diagrams and equations-dd- . Yes, we have to divide up our time like that, between our politics and our equations-dd- But to me our equations are far more important, for politics are only a matter of present concern-dd- A mathematical equation stands forever-dd- . I assert that the cosmic religious experience is the strongest and the noblest driving force behind scientific research-dd- . Equations are more important to me, because politics is for the present, but an equation is something for eternity-dd- . Pure mathematics is, in its way, the poetry of logical ideas-dd- . I am a deeply religious nonbeliever-dd- This is a somewhat new kind of religion-dd- . Before God we are all equally wise – and equally foolish-dd- . A religious person is devout in the sense that he has no doubt about the significance of those superpersonal objects and goals which neither require nor are capable of rational foundation-dd- . What really interests me is whether God had any choice in the creation of the world-dd- . The further the spiritual evolution of mankind advances, the more certain it seems to me that the path to genuine religiosity does not lie through the fear of life, and the fear of death, and blind faith, but through striving after rational knowledge-dd- . True religion is real living; living with all one’s soul, with all one’s goodness and righteousness-dd- . My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind-dd- . My religiosity consists in a humble admiration of the infinitely superior spirit that reveals itself in the little that we, with our weak and transitory understanding, can comprehend of reality-dd- . Through the reading of popular scientific books, I soon reached the conviction that much in the stories of the Bible could not be true-dd- The consequence was a positively fanatic orgy of freethinking coupled with the impression that youth is intentionally being deceived by the state through lies; it was a crushing impression-dd- . Though I am now an old fogey, I am still hard at work and still refuse to believe that God plays dice-dd- . Strenuous intellectual work and looking at God’s nature are the reconciling, fortifying, yet relentlessly strict angels that shall lead me through all of life’s troubles-dd- . God does not care about our mathematical difficulties-dd- He integrates empirically-dd- . We should take care not to make the intellect our God; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality-dd- . I believe in Spinoza’s God, Who reveals Himself in the lawful harmony of the world, not in a God Who concerns Himself with the fate and the doings of mankind-dd- . Try and penetrate with our limited means the secrets of nature and you will find that, behind all the discernible concatenations, there remains something subtle, intangible and inexplicable-dd- Veneration for this force beyond anything that we can comprehend is my religion-dd- To that extent I am, in point of fact, religious-dd- . That deep emotional conviction of the presence of a superior reasoning power, which is revealed in the incomprehensible universe, forms my idea of God-dd- . I cannot imagine a God who rewards and punishes the objects of his creation and is but a reflection of human frailty-dd- . All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree-dd- . Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods-dd- . God gave me the stubbornness of a mule and a fairly keen scent-dd- . Peace cannot be kept by force-dd- It can only be achieved by understanding-dd- . Only through perils and upheavals can Nations be brought to further developments-dd- May the present upheavals lead to a better world-dd- . I made one great mistake in my life, when I signed the letter to Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt recommending that atom bombs be made-dd- . My pacifism is not based on any intellectual theory but on a deep antipathy to every form of cruelty and hatred-dd- . Every man has a right over his own life and war destroys lives that were full of promise-dd- . I am not only a pacifist but a militant pacifist-dd- I am willing to fight for peace-dd- Nothing will end war unless the people themselves refuse to go to war-dd- . The goal of pacifism is possible only though a supranational organization-dd- To stand unconditionally for this cause is the criterion of true pacifism-dd- . We must begin to inculcate our children against militarism by educating them in the spirit of pacifism-dd- Our schoolbooks glorify war and conceal it’s horror-dd- I would teach peace rather than war-dd- . Today, in twelve countries, young men are resisting conscription and refusing military service-dd- They are the pioneers of a warless world-dd- . He who joyfully marches to music in rank and file has already earned my contempt-dd- He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would suffice-dd- . Heroism on command, senseless violence, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism – how passionately I hate them-xx- . I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones-dd- . There will be no peace on earth, the wounds inflicted by the war will not heal, until this internationalism is restored-dd- . The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem-dd- It has merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one-dd- . The release of atom power has changed everything except our way of thinking… the solution to this problem lies in the heart of mankind-dd- If only I had known, I should have become a watchmaker-dd- . I appeal to all men and women, whether they be eminent or humble, to declare that they will refuse to give any further assistance to war or the preparation of war-dd- . I am not only a pacifist, but a militant pacifist-dd- I am willing to fight for peace… Is it not better for a man to die for a cause in which he believes, such as peace, than to suffer for a cause in which he does not believe, such as war-qq- . Relativity applies to physics, not ethics-dd- . Never do anything against conscience, even if the state demands it-dd- . Nationalism is an infantile disease-dd- It is the measles of mankind-dd- . Laws alone can not secure freedom of expression; in order that every man present his views without penalty there must be spirit of tolerance in the entire population-dd- . The most important human endeavor is the striving for morality in our actions-dd- Our inner balance and even our very existence depend on it-dd- Only morality in our actions can give beauty and dignity to life-dd- . One must shy away from questionable undertakings, even when they bear a high-sounding name-dd- . Without ‘ethical culture’ there is no salvation for humanity-dd- . Fulfillment on the moral and esthetic side is a goal which lies closer to the preoccupations of art than it does to those of science-dd- . In two weeks the sheeplike masses of any country can be worked up by the newspaper into such a state of excited fury that men are prepared to put on uniforms and kill and be killed, for the sake of the sordid ends of a few interested parties-dd- . In politics not only are leaders lacking, but the independence of spirit and the sense of justice of the citizen have to a great extent declined-dd- . The cult of individuals is always, in my view, unjustified-dd- . An empty stomach is not a good political adviser-dd- . Ethical axioms are found and tested not very differently from the axioms of science-dd- Truth is what stands the test of experience-dd- . Force always attracts men of low morality, and I believe it to be an invariable rule that tyrants of genius are succeeded by scoundrels-dd- . Nothing is more destructive of respect for the government and the law of the land than passing laws which cannot be enforced-dd- . I wouldn’t have thought it possible that there could exist such heartless and outright wicked people-xx--qq- . I believe that we have to content ourselves with our imperfect knowledge and understanding and treat values and moral obligations as a purely human problem, the most important of all human problems-dd- . It is the duty of every citizen according to his best capacities to give validity to his convictions in political affairs-dd- . Everyone is aware of the difficult and menacing situation in which human society, shrunk into one community with a common fate, finds itself, but only a few act accordingly-dd- . I do not believe that civilization will be wiped out in a war fought with the atomic bomb-dd- Perhaps two-thirds of the people of the earth will be killed-dd- . Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized-dd- . Morality is of the highest importance – but for us, not for God-dd- . Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death-dd- . The measure of intelligence is the ability to change-dd- . We will not change the hearts of other men by mechanisms, but by changing our hearts and speaking bravely… When we are clear in heart and mind – only then – shall we find courage to surmount the fear which haunts the world-dd- . All that is valuable in human society depends upon the opportunity for development accorded the individual-dd- . The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking-dd- It cannot be changed without changing our thinking-dd- . A photograph never grows old-dd- You and I change, people change all through the months and years but a photograph always remains the same-dd- How nice to look at a photograph of mother or father taken many years ago-dd- You see them as you remember them-dd- But as people live on, they change completely-dd- That is why I think a photograph can be kind-dd- . Nothing will benefit human health and increase chances of survival for life on earth as much as the evolution to a vegetarian diet-dd- . It is my view that the vegetarian manner of living by its purely physical effect on the human temperament would most beneficially influence the lot of mankind-dd- . Innovation is not the product of logical thought, although the result is tied to logical structure-dd- . Thinking is hard work; that’s why so few do it-dd- . I must be willing to give up what I am in order to become what I will be-dd- . Whenever he felt that he had come to the end of the road or faced a difficult challenge in his work, he would take refuge in music and that would solve all his difficulties-dd- Hans Einstein (Albert’s sons) . In building a theory, his approach had something in common with that of an artist-dd- He would aim for simplicity and beauty, and beauty for him was, after all, essentially simplicity-dd- Nathan Rosen . He could be downright brutal, but he could show deep compassion for the poor, weak, and persecuted-dd- He alternated between kind sage and incorrigible mule, an egocentric loner with a sense of responsibility for all of mankind-dd- Jurgen Neffe (link to the Amazon author page) . Very few were able to grasp his thoughts and fully appreciate the heroic fruits of his years of labor to create a new cosmic order-dd- Jurgen Neffe . His quest yearning for harmony and his crusade against any form of authority extended to humankind as a whole, and to the process of cultural progress-dd- Jurgen Neffe . Albert preferred being alone, according to his sister, and he immersed himself for hours in activities that required patience and stamina-dd- Jurgen Neffe . Unlike most of his schoolmates, and schoolchildren today for that matter, the young Albert supplemented his education at school with his own self-styled curriculum at home and developed the skills he deemed important-dd- He read and read and read-dd- When he was hard at work, even the chaos of the family’s constant chatter could not distract the little autodidact-dd- Jurgen Neffe . While the other children his age pursued adventures outdoors, he sough his flow experience in his head-dd- […] Einstein craved his rewards through the continued satisfaction on his unquenchable thirst for knowledge-dd- Jurgen Neffe . He rebelled against any kind of authoritarian structure: against rigid rules in school and at the university; against the dictates of bourgeois life; against conventions such as dress codes; against dogmatism in religion and physics; against militarism, nationalism, and government ideology; and against bosses and employers-dd- His opposition to all forms of opportunism was one of the most remarkable of his personality traits-dd- Jurgen Neffe . Innumerable reports attest to Einstein’s playfulness, his wonderful rapport with children, his lighthearted wit, and his delight in practical jokes-dd- In the spring of 2003, Simon Baron-Cohen of Cambridge University, one of the leading researchers on autism, touched off a media sensation by claiming that Einstein may have been autistic-dd- Jurgen Neffe . He sought to find laws of nature that epitomized his ideal of science, a complete, unified description of the world-dd- Jurgen Neffe . He simply cared far more than most of his colleagues that the laws of physics have to explain everything in nature coherently and consistently-dd- Lee Smolin . The point is that the arts are important enough to have influenced the greatest minds and talents we know-dd- Albert Einstein said that if he were not a physicist, he would probably be a musician-dd- Mickey Hart . On how he relaxes after work playing his violin: First I improvise, and if that doesn’t help, I seek solace in Mozart-dd- But when I am improvising and it appears that something may come of it, I require the clear constructions of Bach in order to follow through-dd- Albert Einstein . His cocky contempt for authority led him to question received wisdom in ways that well-trained acolytes in the academy never contemplated-dd- Walter Isaacson (link to the book Einstein: His Life and Universe) . Persistence and tenacity were obviously already part of his character-dd- Maja Einstein (Albert’s sister) . From his youth, Einstein had a habit of spending a lot of time away from his friends, family, and work, to do nothing but think-dd- Mayo Oshin . He would regularly go for long walks, wander off to quiet cabins in the mountains, play his violin, or sail the seas with his wooden boat to find serenity-dd- Mayo Oshin . He liked to work on puzzles, erect complex structures with his toy building set, play with a steam engine that his uncle gave him, and build houses of cards-dd- Walter Isaacson . Throughout his life, Albert Einstein would retain the intuition and the awe of a child-dd- He never lost his sense of wonder at the magic of nature’s phenomena-dd- Walter Isaacson . He was that odd breed, a reverential rebel, and he was guided by a faith, which he wore lightly and with a twinkle in his eye, in a God who would not play dice by allowing things to happen by chance-dd- Walter Isaacson . You are the only sort of man in whose existence I see much hope for in this deplorable world-dd- George Bernard Shaw . He simplified his concerns in order to spend his time wisely… This same uncluttered attitude allowed him to speak directly, with unaffected kindness and respect, to every human being he met, child or adult, ignoring externals-dd- Alan Richards . To me, he appears as out of comparison the greatest intellect of this century, and almost certainly the greatest personification of moral experience-dd- He was in many ways different from the rest of the species-dd- C-dd-P-dd- Snow . No other man contributed so much to the vast expansion of 20th century knowledge-dd- Yet no other man was more modest in the possession of the power that is knowledge, more sure that power without wisdom is deadly-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . When Einstein stuck out his tongue, at the world and the future, late in his life, he provided us with the image that signaled his complete transformation from a man to a metaphor-dd- A breaker of taboos, part Galileo and part Gandhi, he succeeded in synthesizing artistic freedom with philosophical power-dd- Jurgen Neffe . Nothing, indeed, could turn him away from the sole aim of his being, in the service of which was accumulated all the immortal fire within his nature, all that was great and vital in his spirit-dd- Max Brod . He expended his whole personality, heart and head alike, upon his scientific labors-dd- Nothing was left over for human intercourse but a peevish insignificant little shadow of himself-dd- Max Brod . Time and time again Einstein filled me with amazement, and indeed enthusiasm, as I watched the ease with which he would, in discussion, experimentally change his point of view, at times tentatively adopting the opposite view and viewing the whole problem from a new and totally changed angle-dd- Max Brod . He was a loner with an intimate bond to humanity, a rebel who was suffused with reverence-dd- Walter Isaacson . There is the odd exception, like Albert Einstein, but as a breed, scientists tend not be very good at presenting themselves-dd- Bill Bryson . In matters of logic and contemplation, Einstein understood everyone quite well, but he had a much harder time grasping emotional issues-dd- It was difficult for him to imagine impulses and feelings unrelated to his own life-dd- Leopold Infeld . He had such difficulty with language that those around him feared he would never learn-dd- Maja Einstein (Albert’s sister) . I always love to quote Albert Einstein because nobody dares contradict him-dd- Studs Terkel . Once, when a company had sent him a very sizable consulting fee, he used the check for a bookmark, then lost the book-dd- Alan Richards . A healthy body means a healthy mind-dd- You get your heart rate up, and you get the blood flowing through your body to your brain-dd- Look at Albert Einstein-dd- He rode a bicycle-dd- He was also an early student of Jazzercise-dd- You never saw Einstein lift his shirt, but he had a six-pack under there-dd- Steve Carell . Silly, overly truthful and helpless child-dd- Maja Einstein (Albert’s sister on how she called her brother) . His inner security was tempered by the humility that comes from being awed by nature-dd- Walter Isaacson . Quantum Mechanics and General Relativity are both accepted as scientific fact even though they’re mutually exclusive-dd- Albert Einstein spent the second half of his life searching for a unifying truth that would reconcile the two-dd- Roy H-dd- Williams . Even though he was still priding himself on being a vagabond and a loner, he began to hand around the coffee-houses and attend musical soirees with a congenial crowd of bohemian soul mates and fellow students-dd- Walter Isaacson . He regarded a world authority as realistic rather than idealistic, as practical rather than naïve-dd- Walter Isaacson . I’m like a run-down old car – something is wrong in every corner-dd- But life is still worthwhile as long as I can still work-dd- January 9, 1955 (Death on April 18, 1955) . I have finished my task here-dd- . We dance for laughter, we dance for tears, we dance for madness, we dance for fears, we dance for hopes, we dance for screams, we are the dancers, we create the dreams-dd- Albert Einstein . When you learn, teach-dd- When you get, give-dd- Maya Angelou . Making mistakes simply means you are learning faster-dd- Weston H-dd- Agor . Dont make up your mind-dd- Knowing is the end of learning-dd- Naval Ravikant . If you learn from defeat, you havent really lost-dd- Zig Ziglar . Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere-dd- Chinese proverb . There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm-dd- Willa Cather . Once you learn patience, your options suddenly expand-dd- Robert Greene . Always walk through life as if you have something new to learn and you will-dd- Vernon Howard . Life is the art of drawing without an eraser-dd- John Gardner . Life is trying things to see if they work-dd- Ray Bradbury . The doer alone learneth-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . A man may learn wisdom even from a foe-dd- Aristophanes . Failure and deprivation are the best educators and purifiers-dd- Albert Einstein . Constantly look for challenges, pushing past your comfort zone-dd- Robert Greene . It is impossible to begin to learn that which one thinks one already knows-dd- Epictetus . There is no learning without pain-dd- Shane Parrish . Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all-dd- Aristotle . Wear your learning, like a watch, in a private pocket: and do not pull it out and strike it, merely to show that you have one-dd- Lord Chesterfield . Anyone who isnt embarrassed of who they were last year probably isnt learning enough-dd- Alain de Botton . Explain what you learned to someone else-dd- Teaching forces learning-dd- Naval Ravikant . I always get by best with my naivety, which is 20 percent deliberate-dd- Albert Einstein . You learn more feigning ignorance than signaling knowledgeability-dd- Michael . If you hide your ignorance, no one will hit you and youll never learn-dd- Ray Bradbury . Humility is the doorway to truth and clarity of objectives its the doorway to learning-dd- Wynton Marsalis . The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn and relearn-dd- Alvin Toffler . Almost all Americans own a smartphone or a computer-dd- Each device contains the library of Alexandria-dd- The sum total of all world knowledge-dd- You can learn anything-dd- Why dont you-qq- Too busy tracking social status-dd- Too enthralled by imagery your evolution cant resist-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You learn, grow and form your character through struggle and restriction, not through ease and abundance-dd- Maxime Lagac . Life is an open book test-dd- Learning how to learn is your most valuable skill in the online world-dd- Marc Cuban . Try to learn something about everything and everything about something-dd- Thomas Huxley . The ideal school would teach health, wealth, and happiness-dd- Itd be free, self-paced, and available to all-dd- Itd show opposing ideas and students would self-verify truth-dd- No grades, no tests, no diplomas  just learning-dd- Actually, youre already here-dd- Careful who you follow-dd- Naval Ravikant . What we have to learn to do, we learn by doing-dd- Aristotle . One repays a teacher badly if one always remains nothing but a pupil-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely-dd- Auguste Rodin . You dont understand anything until you learn it more than one way-dd- Marvin Minsky . I am learning all the time-dd- The tombstone will be my diploma-dd- Eartha Kitt . Everyone you will ever meet knows something you dont-dd- Bill Nye (This is one of my favorite learning quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know whats yours-xx-) . I never lose-dd- I either win or learn-dd- Nelson Mandela . Learn the rules like a pro so you can break them like an artist-dd- Pablo Picasso . Liberty without learning is always in peril, and learning without liberty is always in vain-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education-dd- Albert Einstein . The more you learn, the more you earn-dd- Warren Buffett . The greatest learning for me usually happens in times of distress, pain, suffering-dd- Oprah Winfrey . In learning you will teach, and in teaching you will learn-dd- Phil Collins . Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty-dd- Anyone who keeps learning stays young-dd- The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young-dd- Henry Ford . If you think education is expensive, think of the price of ignorance-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . Persistent questioning and healthy inquisitiveness are the first requisite for acquiring learning of any kind-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Education consists mainly in what we have unlearned-dd- Mark Twain . The first half of my life I went to school, the second half of my life I got an education-dd- Mark Twain . Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didnt learn a lot today, at least we learned a little, and if we didnt learn a little, at least we didnt get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didnt die; so, let us all be thankful-dd- Buddha . I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught-dd- Winston Churchill . Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Learn from the mistakes of others-dd- You cant live long enough to make them all yourself-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it-dd- George Santayana . I suppose it is because nearly all children go to school nowadays and have things arranged for them that they seem so forlornly unable to produce their own ideas-dd- Agatha Christie . He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing-dd- Voltaire . With every mistake we must surely be learning-dd- George Harrison (The Beatles) . The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you-dd- B-dd-B-dd- King . I do not think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday-dd- Abraham Lincoln . You dont learn to walk by following rules-dd- You learn by doing, and by falling over-dd- Richard Branson . Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today-dd- Malcolm X . Bad times have a scientific value-dd- These are occasions a good learner would not miss-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The more that you read, the more things you will know-dd- The more that you learn, the more places youll go-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous-dd- Confucius . I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it-dd- Pablo Picasso . While I thought I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Learning never exhausts the mind-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Im not afraid of storms, for Im learning to sail my ship-dd- Louisa May Alcott . When one teaches, two learn-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Belief gets in the way of learning-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . What did you learn is always first and best question-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Never stop learning-dd- Never stop growing-dd- Mel Robbins . Take what you learn and make a difference with it-dd- Tony Robbins . Learn bits and pieces from everyone-dd- Naval Ravikant . You cant learn from anyone if you never stop talking-dd- The Stoic Emperor . We learn to endure by enduring-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Rejoice in what you learn, and spray it-dd- Tim Minchin . The cost of failure islearning-dd- Neil Strauss . Genius hesitates-dd- Neil Strauss . If its easy, youre not learning-dd- . The key is to fail, learn, and improve quickly-dd- Ray Dalio . Evolve or die-dd- Ray Dalio . Failure is a teacher-dd- Ray Dalio . What we need to learn is in front of us-dd- Paulo Coelho . Forget the mistake-dd- Remember the lesson-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . To teach is to learn twice-dd- Joseph Joubert . I learn best by jumping into the unknown-dd- Jesse Itzler . Let your past make you better, not bitter-dd- Lewis Howes . To learn one must be humble-dd- James Joyce (Ulysses) . Life is the great teacher-dd- James Joyce . He who laughs most, learns best-dd- John Cleese . All learning has an emotional base-dd- Plato . The greatest enemy of learning is knowing-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . The goal of all learning is action, not knowledge-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . As long as you live, keep learning how to live-dd- Seneca . From adversity we can learn the value of patience-dd- Dalai Lama . Keep your head up-dd- Have patience-dd- Keep learning-dd- Neil Strauss . Invest time in yourself to have great experiences that are going to enrich you-dd- Steve Jobs . The pain and boredom we experience in the initial stage of learning a skill toughens our minds-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . Everything that happens to you is a form of instruction if you pay attention-dd- Robert Greene . Humans are learning machines-dd- You just need to create the context for our natural curiosity to arise-dd- James Clear . Losing is a learning experience-dd- It teaches you humility-dd- It teaches you to work harder-dd- Its also a powerful motivator-dd- Yogi Berra . Become the best in the world at what you do-dd- Keep redefining what you do until this is true-dd- Naval Ravikant . The best teachers are on the Internet-dd- The best books are on the Internet-dd- The best peers are on the Internet-dd- Naval Ravikant . Our job is obvious: We need to get out of the way, shine a light, and empower a new generation to teach itself and to go further and faster than any generation ever has-dd- Seth Godin . Dont burn your future on the altar of the past-dd- Remember it-dd- Dont live in it-dd- Learn the lesson-dd- The past is fixed-dd- The future is variable-dd- You will transform-dd- You will endure-dd- The Stoic Emperor . No learning without humility-dd- No growth without pain-dd- No reward without risk-dd- No change without loss-dd- Embrace-dd- Endure-dd- The Stoic Emperor . And in my opinion (until I change it), life is best filled by learning as much as you can about as much as you can, taking pride in whatever youre doing, having compassion, sharing ideas, running(-xx-), being enthusiastic-dd- Tim Minchin . If knowledge is a power, then learning is a superpower-dd- Jim Kwik . You can and inevitably will be surprised by your own ability-dd- It is often not a question of can you do it-dd- The learning-dd- The work-dd- The achievement-dd- It is instead a question of will you-dd- Avery Regelman . Learn from mistakes, but never regret you made them-dd- We make mistakes because we dare to step outside our comfort zone-dd- Paulo Coelho . Realize your potential-dd- Dont go to your grave with your treasure still in you-dd- Keep growing-dd- Keep learning-dd- Joel Osteen . Learn to say no to the good so you can say yes to the best-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . I am responsible for learning whatever it takes to get from one level to the next-dd- Eric Thomas . That which we persist in doing becomes easier for us to do; not that the nature of the thing itself is changed, but that our power to do is increased-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road-dd- Learn from failure and keep moving forward-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . If youre in the valley of despair with an idea that means the world to you, keep going, keep growing, keep learning-dd- Your time is coming-dd- Mel Robbins . You will fail your way to success-dd- Learn from your mistakes and keep moving-dd- Les Brown . Either I win or I learn, but I never lose-dd- Melinda Emerson . Keep learning-dd- Keep growing-dd- Keep improving-dd- Marie Forleo . If you hold a cat by the tail you learn things you cannot learn any other way-dd- Mark Twain . Lucy: You learn more when you lose-dd- Charlie Brown: Well then I must be the smartest person in world-dd- Charles M-dd- Schulz . Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . The best way to consume daily news is through a foreign language news outlet-dd- That way, at least youll learn something (the language)-dd- Michael . Its not burn baby burn, but learn, baby, learn, so that you can earn, baby, earn-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Its like golf-dd- You can learn how in a day-dd- Then it will take the rest of your life to get good-dd- Casey Neistat . You can learn many things from children-dd- How much patience you have, for instance-dd- Franklin P-dd- Jones . A man who asks is a fool for five minutes-dd- A man who never asks is a fool for life-dd- Chinese proverb . Small minds have always lashed out at what they dont understand-dd- Dan Brown . The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate-dd- Doug Larson . It is only when we forget all our learning that we begin to know-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Learning is discovering, uncovering what is there in us-dd- Bruce Lee . A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer-dd- Bruce Lee . You learn a lot from your mistakes when you stop denying them-dd- Mel Robbins . Learning is not childs play; we cannot learn without pain-dd- Aristotle . Become who you are by learning who you are-dd- Pindar . A generation of autodidacts, educated by the Internet and leveraged by technology, will eventually starve the industrial-education system-dd- Naval Ravikant . If the primary purpose of school was education, the Internet should obsolete it-dd- But school is mainly about credentialing-dd- Naval Ravikant . If you can only learn from people that you 100% agree with on everything, its going to be a dark and lonely life-dd- Naval Ravikant . The tools for learning are abundant-dd- Its the desire to learn thats scarce-dd- Naval Ravikant . Eventually, the time that was not spent on learning skills will catch up with you, and the fall will be painful-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . Observe and absorb reality as deeply as possible-dd- Robert Greene . Learn to give before you take-dd- It softens the ground, takes the bite out of a future request, or simply creates a distraction-dd- Robert Greene . A little learning is a dangerous thing; Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring : There shallow droughts intoxicate the brain, and drinking largely sobers us again-dd- Alexander Pope . We could learn the lesson-dd- Or we could act out a drama-dd- Noise, shouting, blame-dd- Action-dd- Heart rates rising-dd- It feels like something is happening-dd- It feels like progress or change-dd- No progress-dd- No change-dd- We chose the drama over the lesson-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Learning how to live takes a whole life, and, which may surprise you more, it takes a whole life to learn how to die-dd- Seneca . Will you learn how to focus and move past boredom, or like a child you will succumb to the need for immediate pleasure and distraction-qq- Robert Greene . You must learn a new way to think before you can master a new way to be-dd- Marianne Williamson . We learn and grow and are transformed not so much by what we do but by why and how we do it-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Learning is an ornament in prosperity, a refuge in adversity, and a provision in old age-dd- Aristotle . The most useful piece of learning for the uses of life is to unlearn what is untrue-dd- Antisthenes . Taste is more important than knowledge-dd- Anyone can learn; only few can know-dd- Rich Cohen . No physician is really good before he has killed one or two patients-dd- Hindu proverb . Much learning does not teach understanding-dd- Heraclitus . I never learned from a man who agreed with me-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Learning is pleasurable but doing is the height of enjoyment-dd- Novalis . Learning is like rowing upstream: not to advance is to drop back-dd- Chinese proverb . It is no weakness for the wisest man to learn when he is wrong-dd- Sophocles . In youth we learn; in age we understand-dd- Marie Ebner-Eschenbach . If you wish to improve, be content to appear clueless or stupid in extraneous matters  dont wish to seem knowledgeable-dd- And if some regard you as important, distrust yourself-dd- Epictetus . Learn to ask of all actions, Why are they doing that-qq- Starting with your own-dd- Marcus Aurelius . A scholar tries to learn something everyday; a student of Buddhism tries to unlearn something daily-dd- Alan Watts . Listen to nothing except your own experience, your own voice-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . Our initial impressions are based on prejudgments, and often contain an element of fear-dd- Robert Greene . Value learning above everything else-dd- This will lead you to all the right choices-dd- Robert Greene . Learn to control yourself, to restrain your natural tendency to take sides and join the fight-dd- Robert Greene . It isnt the learning thats so hard, but the unlearning-dd- Charlie Munger . Be crazy-dd- But learn how to be crazy without being the center of attention-dd- Be wise-dd- But learn that wisdom is sometimes the art of behaving like a fool-dd- Paulo Coelho . Pleasure is the state of being brought about by what you learn-dd- Learning is the process of entering into the experience of this kind of pleasure-dd- No pleasure, no learning-dd- No learning, no pleasure-dd- Wang Ken (Song of Joy) . The past is behind, learn from it-dd- The future is ahead, prepare for it-dd- The present is here, live it-dd- Thomas S-dd- Monson . Success is the enemy of learning-dd- It can deprive you of the time and the incentive to start over-dd- Beginners mind also needs beginners time-dd- Naval Ravikant . The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free-dd- Baruch Spinoza . Knowledge is learning something every day-dd- Wisdom is letting go of something every day-dd- Zen proverb . It takes a wise man to learn from his mistakes, but an even wiser man to learn from others-dd- Zen proverb . If one watches with wisdom, one can learn much-dd- But if one watches with ignorance, one can only find faults-dd- Ajahn Chah . Like a cup, you are full of your own opinions and speculations-dd- How can you learn wisdom unless you first empty your cup-qq- Nyogen Senzaki . Only people who die very young learn all they really need to know in kindergarten-dd- Wendy Kaminer . Intelligence is learning new ideas-dd- Wisdom is acting on them-dd- Robin Sharma . Learn to fail with pride  and do so fast and cleanly-dd- Maximize trial and error  by mastering the error part-dd- Nassim Taleb . A fool will learn nothing from a wise man, but a wise man will learn a lot from a fool-dd- Paulo Coelho . We learn 25% from our teacher, 25% from experience, 25% from our friends, and 25% from time-dd- Paulo Coelho . The smart can learn quickly-dd- The smart and wise can unlearn as quickly as they learn-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You cant learn what you wont admit you dont know-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Reading is faster than listening-dd- Doing is faster than watching-dd- Naval Ravikant . The past is a place of learning, not a place of living-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Learn the lesson and move on-dd- Mel Robbins . We learn to be courageous by doing courageous things-dd- Thibaut . You cant stop the waves, but you can learn how to surf-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Some of the best lessons we ever learn we learn from our mistakes and failures-dd- The error of the past is the wisdom of the future-dd- Tryon Edwards . The ultimate end of education is happiness or a good human life, a life enriched by the possession of every kind of good, by the enjoyment of every type of satisfaction-dd- Mortimer Adler . Life is short, and your time for learning and creativity is limited-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . Your whole life is a kind of apprenticeship to which you apply your learning skills-dd- Robert Greene . Life isnt about waiting for the storm to passIts about learning to dance in the rain-dd- Vivian Greene . Sometimes the hardest thing to do is simply to learn how to trust and let go a little, releasing the old so that something new can come in or take place-dd- Lama Surya Das . If you are capable of living deeply one moment in your life, you can learn to live the same way all the other moments of your life-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Learning how to navigate the turbulent times is part of learning how to navigate life-dd- Marianne Williamson . We learn not for school, but for life-dd- Seneca . Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace-dd- Robert J-dd- Sawyer . Never become so much of an expert that you stop gaining expertise-dd- View life as a continuous learning experience-dd- Denis Waitley . I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . One of the greatest journeys in life is overcoming insecurity and learning to truly not give a shit-dd- J-dd- A-dd- Konrath . Learn from your past, dont live in it-dd- The past must be integrated, it cannot be wished away, but it also should not be allowed to devour the future-dd- Today is tomorrows past, dont spend it reliving yesterday-dd- See the infinite flowering of now-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Nothing else matters much  not wealth, nor learning, nor even health  without this gift: the spiritual capacity to keep zest in living-dd- This is the creed of creeds, the final deposit and distillation of all important faiths: that you should be able to believe in life-dd- Harry Emerson Fosdick . Four things to learn in life: To think clearly without hurry or confusion; To love everybody sincerely; To act in everything with the highest motives; To trust God unhesitatingly-dd- Helen Keller . Try to learn to breathe deeply, really to taste food when you eat, and when you sleep, really to sleep-dd- Try as much as possible to be wholly alive with all your might, and when you laugh, laugh like hell-dd- And when you get angry, get good and angry-dd- Try to be alive-dd- You will be dead soon enough-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Learning does not occur in steps-dd- It occurs in whole pieces-dd- It does not occur in progressive increments-dd- It occurs in spontaneous bursts-dd- Kapil Gupta . The medicine for anti-aging is lifelong learning-dd- Robin Sharma . Is it possible to avoid pain-qq- Yes, but youll never learn anything-dd- Is it possible to know something without ever having experiencing it-qq- Yes, but it will never truly be part of you-dd- Paulo Coelho . Learn how to distinguish between a quick summer rain and a devastating hurricane-dd- Paulo Coelho . Learn to be happy in the good times and in the tough times-dd- Thats letting your light shine brightly-dd- Joel Osteen . Learning is a lifetime process, but there comes a time when we must stop adding and start updating-dd- Robert Brault . The key to pursuing excellence is to embrace an organic, long-term learning process, and not to live in a shell of static, safe mediocrity-dd- Usually, growth comes at the expense of previous comfort or safety-dd- Josh Waitzkin . In my experience, successful people shoot for the stars, put their hearts on the line in every battle, and ultimately discover that the lessons learned from the pursuit of excellence mean much more than the immediate trophies and glory-dd- Josh Waitzkin . Learning lifes lessons is not about making your life perfect, but about seeing life as it was meant to be-dd- Elisabeth Kubler-Ross . Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people-dd- Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them-dd- That is how they become strong-dd- Richard Needham . There is no end to education-dd- It is not that you read a book, pass an examination, and finish with education-dd- The whole of life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is a process of learning-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . We must learn how to fall before we can attempt to fly-dd- Jesse La Flair . There is no such thing as failure, just lessons to be learnt on the way-dd- Sadhguru . A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Love, too, has to be learned-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Love is what we are born with-dd- Fear is what we learn-dd- Marianne Williamson . Liz, you must be very polite with yourself when you are learning something new-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . We cant learn how to love-dd- We can only experience love-dd- Paulo Coelho . Learn the lesson: Once the words are out, you cannot take them back-dd- Keep them under control-dd- Robert Greene . If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher-dd- Pema Chdrn . Learn to give without any reason-dd- Unknown . To love someone is to learn the song in their heart and sing it to them when they have forgotten-dd- Arne Garborg . Learn to control your reactions or you will be puppeteered by anyone capable of provoking you-dd- The Stoic Emperor . People who wrong you teach you a valuable lesson about your own vulnerabilities and false beliefs-dd- Learn the lesson-dd- The Stoic Emperor . If youre judging, youre not listening, youre not learning, and youre definitely not understanding-dd- Neil Strauss . Let people be who they are, and learn how to love them for who they are-dd- Lenny Kravitz . You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; and just so, you learn to love by loving-dd- All those who think to learn in any other way deceive themselves-dd- Saint Francis de Sales . There is always something left to love-dd- And if you aint learned that, you aint learned nothing-dd- Lorraine Hansberry . In the practice of tolerance, ones enemy is the best teacher-dd- Dalai Lama . We can only learn to love by loving-dd- Iris Murdoch . Love is a better teacher than duty-dd- Albert Einstein . Staying relevant requires learning-dd- Marc Cuban . Learn to eat rejection for breakfast-dd- Marie Forleo . Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning-dd- Bill Gates . The life so short, the craft so long to learn-dd- Hippocrates . To double your income, triple your rate of learning-dd- Robin Sharma . Learn from your mistakes until you succeed-dd- Its that simple-dd- Tim Ferriss . Devote yourself to learning something new about your field of mastery every day-dd- Robin Sharma . Your ability to learn faster than your competition is your only sustainable competitive advantage-dd- Arie de Gues . Learn to use the knowledge of the past and you will look like a genius, even when you are really just a clever borrower-dd- Robert Greene . Master the arts of indirection; learn to seduce, charm, deceive, and subtly outmaneuver your opponentsyou will attain the heights of power-dd- Robert Greene . Learn to sell-dd- Learn to build-dd- If you can do both, you will be unstoppable-dd- Naval Ravikant . Dont brand yourself-dd- You want to be the kind of person others brand while you keep learning, improving, and moving forward-dd- Its hard to be true to yourself when youve tied yourself to an idea that, years ago, you thought was your best-dd- Neil Strauss . Learn why the world wags and what wags it-dd- Merlin (The Sword In The Stone) . Leaders are more powerful role models when they learn than when they teach-dd- Rosabeth Moss Kantor . No time is lost  it is a necessary part of the R&D phase for your work, career, life-dd- Neil Strauss . The most important thing to learn about your industry-dd- Is not how to improve or progress or acquire certifications-dd- It is to learn the thing that will set you miles apart-dd- That thing is to learn what your industry truly Is-dd- To learn its essence-dd- The secret game within the game-dd- Kapil Gupta . Learning is the product of a continuous real-time feedback loop in which we make decisions, see their outcomes, and improve our understanding of reality as a result-dd- Ray Dalio . Generalization: The only way to learn how to program is to write programs-dd- Paul Graham . All leaders are learners-dd- The moment you stop learning, you stop leading-dd- Rick Warren . When there is genuine vision (as opposed to the all-too-familiar vision statement), people excel, and learn, not because they are told to, but because they want to-dd- Peter Senge . As the rate of change in the world increases, your ability to learn becomes more important than what you already know-dd- Johnny . If a person will spend one hour a day on the same subject for five years, that person will be an expert on that subject-dd- Earl Nightingale . The secret of success in war is learning what lies on the other side of the hill-dd- Arthur Wellesley (1st Duke of Wellington) . Keep learning and keep improving by whatever means you find most enlightening-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Learning how to overcome objections and turn negatives into positives is a skill for every aspect of business-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more, and become more, you are a leader-dd- John Quincy Adams . The signs of outstanding leadership appear primarily among the followers-dd- Are they reaching their potential and learning-qq- Max DePree . The real art in learning takes place as we move beyond proficiency, when our work becomes an expression of our essence-dd- Josh Waitzkin . Mastery involves discovering the most resonant information and integrating it so deeply and fully it disappears and allows us to fly free-dd- Josh Waitzkin . Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Great leaders are curious-dd- They want to try new things, experience the world and learn from others-dd- Their curiosity fuels their intellect-dd- Simon Sinek . The value of learning is greater when we share what we learn-dd- Simon Sinek . If we stop going, we stop learning-dd- Seth Godin . Change is the end result of all true learning-dd- Leo Buscaglia . What did you learn from your last failure-qq- Mel Robbins . Dont go through life, grow through life-dd- Eric Butterworth . Self-directed learners thrive in times of rapid change-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Failure can become our most powerful path to learning if were willing to choose courage over comfort-dd- Bren Brown . Growth comes at the point of resistance-dd- We learn by pushing ourselves and finding what really lies at the outer reaches of our abilities-dd- Josh Waitzkin . Defeat is a stern teacher, and your beaten opponent today may be wiser tomorrow-dd- Robert Greene . In a world of change, the learners shall inherit the earth, while the learned shall find themselves perfectly suited for a world that no longer exists-dd- Eric Hoffer . The best way to learn the skill is deliberate practice-dd- Naval Ravikant TODO link . Our sorrows provide us with the lesson we most need to learn-dd- Lama Surya Das . Moving slowly enables us to learn faster-dd- Paulo Coelho . Everyone makes mistakes-dd- The wise are not people who never make mistakes, but those who forgive themselves and learn from their mistakes-dd- Ajahn Brahm . Humility to learn-dd- Strength to endure-dd- Vision to transform-dd- Will to act-dd- Virtue to act rightly-dd- Wisdom to accept the inevitable-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Learning, empowering, studying, practicing, and not repeating the same mistakes will help you move forward, move up, and move on to where you want to be-dd- Loren Weisman . Fools learn from experience-dd- I prefer to learn from the experience of others-dd- Otto von Bismarck . I constantly see people rise in life who are not the smartest, sometimes not even the most diligent, but they are learning machines-dd- They go to bed every night a little wiser than they were when they got up and boy does that help, particularly when you have a long run ahead of you-dd- Charlie Munger . The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as long as we live-dd- Mortimer Adler . There are no secrets to success-dd- It is the result of preparation, hard work and learning from failure-dd- Colin Powell . Learning is the ability to adapt to changing environments-dd- With the world changing so fast, your learning must speed up-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . We find comfort among those who agree with us  growth among those who dont-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . Radical open-mindedness and radical transparency are invaluable for rapid learning and effective change-dd- Ray Dalio . Everyone makes mistakes-dd- The main difference is that successful people learn from them and unsuccessful people dont-dd- Ray Dalio . Not understanding is the beginning of learning-dd- Confusion is a reflection of growth-dd- Keep moving forward-dd- Robin Sharma . It is through the mistakes that the greatest learning happens on an inner level-dd- Eckhart Tolle . People learn from their failures-dd- Seldom do they learn anything from success-dd- Harold Geneen . When you stop learning, you stop growing-dd- Dont be at the same place next year as you are right now-dd- Joel Osteen . Learning is defined as a change in behavior-dd- You havent learned a thing until you can take action & use it-dd- Shula and Blanchard . If we learn from our mistakes, why are we always so afraid to make a mistake-qq- Lewis Howes . The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing-dd- John Powell . No problem can withstand the assault of sustained thinking-dd- Voltaire . Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning-dd- William Arthur Ward . My desire for knowledge is intermittent; but my desire to bathe my head in atmospheres unknown to my feet is perennial and constant-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The creativity that you gain in learning a skill so deeply must be constantly refreshed-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . In truth, anomalies themselves contain the richest information-dd- They often reveal to us the flaws in our paradigms-dd- Robert Greene . Failure is more likely to trigger reflection than success-dd- Reflection, not experience, is the key to learning-dd- Shane Parrish . The key to getting better is learning from feedback-dd- The problem is that most of us stop looking for feedback when we get good enough-dd- Shane Parrish . We all are learning, modifying, or destroying ideas all the time-dd- Rapid destruction of your ideas when the time is right is one of the most valuable qualities you can acquire-dd- You must force yourself to consider arguments on the other side-dd- Charlie Munger . If you dont learn to control your thoughts, you will never learn how to control you behavior-dd- Joyce Meyer . Never walk away from failure-dd- On the contrary, study it carefully and imaginatively for its hidden assets-dd- Michael Korda . True learning takes energy, passion and a burning desire-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . When learning is purposeful, creativity blossoms-dd- When creativity blossoms, thinking emanates-dd- When thinking emanates, knowledge is fully lit-dd- When knowledge is lit, economy flourishes-dd- A-dd-P-dd-J-dd- Abdul Kalam . Do you train for passing tests or do you train for creative inquiry-qq- Noam Chomsky . Mans mind, stretched to a new idea, never goes back to its original dimensions-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr-dd- . Learning to write is learning to think-dd- You dont know anything clearly unless you can state it in writing-dd- S-dd-I-dd- Hayakawa . Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence-dd- Abigail Adams . My instinct is always to seek out challenges as opposed to avoiding them-dd- Josh Waitzkin (The Art Of Learning) . When aiming for the top, your path requires an engaged, searching mind-dd- You have to make obstacles spur you to creative new angles in the learning process-dd- Let setbacks deepen your resolve-dd- You should always come off an injury or a loss better than when you went down-dd- Josh Waitzkin . If youre smart, and question everything, youll eventually figure everything else out at a good enough level-dd- Naval Ravikant . By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest-dd- Confucius . Be curious about the world in which you live-dd- Look things up-dd- Chase down every reference-dd- Go deeper than anybody else  thats how youll get ahead-dd- Austin Kleon . Failure is instructive-dd- The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes-dd- John Dewey . All the world is a laboratory to the inquiring mind-dd- Martin Fisher . Study the past if you would define the future-dd- Confucius . Genius without education is like silver in the mine-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Love of learning and ritual of study give you extreme power-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Knowledge is a weapon-dd- I intend to be formidably armed-dd- Terry Goodkind . Studying, and striving for truth and beauty in general, is a sphere in which we are allowed to be children throughout life-dd- Albert Einstein . The modern education system misses a central point about learning, that learning is driven by the genuine interest of the individual-dd- You cannot devise a uniform syllabus for all and expect that everyone will be equally interested in it-dd- Top down education is anti learning-dd- The Ancient Sage . Education is something that is done to you-dd- Learning is something you do for yourself-dd- Joi Ito . Education system was designed to produce factory workers-dd- Obsolete-dd- Young people are entering an age of increasing complexity and rapid change-dd- Capacity for continual self-directed learning is crucial-dd- Those that struggle with abstract thinking and complex tasks will suffer-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Education is education-dd- We should learn everything and then choose which path to follow-dd- Education is neither Eastern nor Western, it is human-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or self-confidence-dd- Robert Frost . When students cheat on exams its because our school system values grades more than students value learning-dd- Neil Degrasse Tyson . The value of an education in a liberal arts college is not the learning of many facts, but the training of the mind to think something that cannot be learned from textbooks-dd- Albert Einstein . Education does not happen on discrete intervals, its the sum of all information you digest-dd- To be educated, its just as important to cut low quality info as it is to increase high quality info-dd- Michael . Learning isnt a passive activity-dd- True learning requires active participation-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . An educated person is one who has learned that information almost always turns out to be at best incomplete and very often false, misleading, fictitious, mendacious  just dead wrong-dd- Russell Baker . Education is learning what you didnt even know you didnt know-dd- Daniel J-dd- Boorstin . Education is what people do to you; learning is what you do to yourself-dd- Joi Ito . Education is the power to think clearly, the power to act well in the worlds work, and the power to appreciate life-dd- Brigham Young . The world is a university and everyone in it is a teacher-dd- Make sure when you wake up in the morning, you go to school-dd- T-dd- D-dd- Jakes . Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent and original manner possible-dd- Richard Feynmann . Learning requires what scientists call desirable difficulty-dd- The more active the learning process, the better your comprehension and recall-dd- Susan Cain . Real education must ultimately be limited to men who insist on knowing-dd- The rest is mere sheep herding-dd- Ezra Pound . The most necessary task of civilization is to teach people how to think-dd- It should be the primary purpose of our public schools-dd- The mind of a child is naturally active, it develops through exercise-dd- Give a child plenty of exercise, for body and brain-dd- The trouble with our way of educating is that it does not give elasticity to the mind-dd- It casts the brain into a mold-dd- It insists that the child must accept-dd- It does not encourage original thought or reasoning, and it lays more stress on memory than observation-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Education is not confined to books, and the finest characters often graduate from no college, but make experience their master, and life their book-dd- Louisa May Alcott . Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is-dd- Isaac Asimov . Teaching is more a way for the teacher to learn than for the student to learn-dd- Naval Ravikant . We have the entire library of the modern age available on the Internet-dd- Naval Ravikant . Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Its what you learn after you know it all that counts-dd- John Wooden . With one days reading a man may have the key in his hands-dd- Ezra Pound . I never learn anything talking-dd- I only learn things when I ask questions-dd- Lou Holtz . You yourself must learn to master your emotions, and never be influenced by anger-dd- Robert Greene . If you experiment a lot you will fail often but at the same time your odds of success will also increase-dd- Success and failure go hand in hand; they are not mutually exclusive-dd- Learn to look at success and failure as gradations on a continuum, not as binary opposites-dd- The Ancient Sage . A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Failures can be seen as information or they can be seen as a threat to your sense of self-dd- Embracing the former definition will help you learn and improve-dd- Succumbing to the latter will make you timid and resentful-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Worthwhile things are hard to do-dd- You feel foolish and out of your depth when you start-dd- Many find that intolerable and retreat to their comfort zone-dd- Each master was able to endure being a beginner-dd- Some learn to love it-dd- They live on the bleeding edge of their capacities-dd- The Stoic Emperor . No thief, however skillful, can rob one of knowledge, and that is why knowledge is the best and safest treasure to acquire-dd- L-dd- Frank Baum . The world, even the smallest parts of it, is filled with things you dont know-dd- Sherman Alexie . Learn as much as you can while you are young, since life becomes too busy later-dd- Dana Stewart Scott . The barrier during self-improvement is not so much that we hate learning, rather we hate being taught-dd- Criss Jami . To be taught often leaves a feeling of inferiority-dd- Thus it takes a bit of determination and a lot of humility in order for one to fully develop-dd- Criss Jami . I learned the value of hard work by working hard-dd- Margaret Mead . Its not just learning thats important-dd- Its learning what to do with what you learn and learning why you learn things that matters-dd- Norton Juster . The books that help you most are those which make you think the most-dd- The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading; but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty-dd- Theodore Parker . The greatest way to learn is to listen to what others are saying-dd- Most of what we need to know comes from other peoples lips, and not our own-dd- Marianne Williamson . Dont try to have it all figured out all the time-dd- Half of my journey has been learning to own up to my flaws and mistakes with a sense of humor and grace for myself-dd- Mel Robbins . We always get a re-set-dd- Learn, move forward-dd- Were all imperfect and growing-xx- Bren Brown . You must learn to make the whole world your school-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . Any fool can know-dd- The point is to understand-dd- Albert Einstein . Learn to get comfortable with being uncomfortable-dd- Eric Thomas . Travel is still the most intense mode of learning-dd- Kevin Kelly (See also: travel quotes) . Those who can embrace being a beginner will thrive-dd- The Stoic Emperor . The future belongs to those who learn more skills and combine them in creative ways-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . In order to master a field, you must love the subject and feel a profound connection to it-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . Ego and learning are incompatible-dd- If you want to learn you must put your ego aside and adopt a beginners mindset, assuming that you know nothing-dd- The Ancient Sage . To get exponential returns, forget learning the latest thing-dd- Instead, focus on what lasts-dd- Shane Parrish . Making mistakes is something everyone does-dd- Learning from them is not-dd- Unknown . If youre not willing to learn, no one can help you-dd- If youre determined to learn, no one can stop you-dd- Zig Ziglar . Humility is the first step towards learning-dd- You cant learn until you are humble enough to realize there is something for you to learn-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . If I want to be the best, I have to take risks others would avoid, always optimizing the learning potential of the moment and turning adversity to my advantage-dd- Josh Waitzkin . There will be nothing learned from any challenge in which we dont try our hardest-dd- Josh Waitzkin (The Art Of Learning) . Shall I tell you a secret of a true scholar-qq- It is this: Every man I meet is my master in some point, and in that, I learn from him-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . A man, though wise, should never be ashamed of learning more, and must unbend his mind-dd- Sophocles . With too much pride a man cannot learn a thing-dd- In and of itself, learning teaches you how foolish you are-dd- Criss Jami . An exceedingly confident student would in theory make a terrible student-dd- Why would he take school seriously when he feels that he can outwit his teachers-qq- Criss Jami . Sit down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every preconceived notion, follow humbly wherever or whatever abysses nature leads, or you will learn nothing-dd- Thomas Huxley . Fail often-dd- Fail fast-dd- Clean it up-dd- Learn from it-dd- Move on-dd- Repeat-dd- Bren Brown . Its what we think we know that keeps us from learning-dd- Claude Bernard . I am not a teacher, but an awakener-dd- Robert Frost . Kids are learning machines-dd- They just need the tools-dd- Naval Ravikant . Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel-dd- Socrates . Every student can learn, just not on the same day, or the same way-dd- George Evans . Kids dont remember what you try to teach them-dd- They remember what you are-dd- Jim Henson . You cant teach a child anything until they are ready to learn it-dd- The same is unfortunately true of adults-dd- Neil Strauss . Teaching is demonstrating that it is possible-dd- Learning is making it possible for yourself-dd- Paulo Coelho . There are only two tools available to the educator-dd- The easy one is fear-dd- Fear is easy to awake, easy to maintain, but ultimately toxic-dd- Other tool is passion-dd- Seth Godin . The authority of those who teach is often an obstacle to those who want to learn-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . If he is indeed wise he does not bid you enter the house of his wisdom, but rather leads you to the threshold of your own mind-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind-dd- Plato . A teacher who loves learning earns the right and the ability to help others learn-dd- Ruth Beechick . The best teachers are those who show you where to look, but dont tell you what to see-dd- Alexandra K-dd-Trenfor . One of the main focuses of my training sessions is to help individuals find their unique voices in the learning process-dd- We all have our strengths, our weaknesses, our styles of learning, our personalities-dd- Developing introspective sensitivity to these issues is critical to long-term success-dd- Joshua Waitzkin . There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it-dd- Edith Wharton . A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning-dd- Brad Henry . You can teach a student a lesson for a day; but if you can teach him to learn by creating curiosity, he will continue the learning process as long as he lives-dd- Clay P-dd- Bedford . Tell me and I forget-dd- Teach me and I remember-dd- Involve me and I learn-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Ignorance is thinking youre not a student anymore-dd- Neil Strauss . People never learn anything by being told, they have to find out for themselves-dd- Paulo Coelho . Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon-dd- E-dd-M-dd- Forster . Dont limit a child to your own learning, for she was born in another time-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . One of the most damaging and widespread social beliefs is the idea that most adults are incapable of learning new skills-dd- Naval Ravikant . On whether its too late to go back to school-qq- Never, but first try learning on the Internet-dd- Naval Ravikant . Do you want to feel young again-qq- Learn something new-dd- Being a student makes your mind fresh and curious like a little kid again-dd- Haemin Sunim . If you let your learning lead to knowledge, you become a fool-dd- If you let your learning lead to action, you become wealthy-dd- Jim Rohn . No one is perfect, so dont expect your child to be-dd- Criticizing, ridiculing, shaming, or nagging a child for their imperfections will harm their self-esteem-dd- And dont over-react if they make mistakes and experience failure-dd- You did too-dd- Its called learning-dd- Neil Strauss . Indeed  judicious, consistent parenting is a dream of mine-dd- No judgments, learning space and listening carefully are my goals-dd- Emma Thompson . A watched child never learns-dd- Robert Brault . One of the secrets to staying young is to always do things you dont know how to do, to keep learning-dd- Ruth Reichl . There is no school equal to a decent home and no teacher equal to a virtuous parent-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The best education consists in immunizing people against systematic attempts at education-dd- Paul Karl Feyerabend . The man who is too old to learn was probably always too old to learn-dd- Henry S-dd- Haskins . The day you stop learning is the day you start dying-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Live, love, learn, leave a legacy-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Try again-dd- Fail again-dd- Fail better-dd- Samuel Beckett . Success isnt permanent and failure isnt fatal-dd- Mike Ditka . All my successes have been built on my failures-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Anyone who attempts is not a failure-dd- Sarah Dessen . No man is defeated without until he has first been defeated within-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment-dd- Henry David Thoreau . I dont believe in failure-dd- It is not failure if you enjoyed the process-dd- Oprah Winfrey . A minutes success pays the failure of years-dd- Robert Browning . Make new mistakes-dd- Make glorious, amazing mistakes-dd- Make mistakes nobodys ever made before-dd- Neil Gaiman . Failure is success in progress-dd- Albert Einstein . Losers quit when they fail-dd- Winners fail until they succeed-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Failure is simply an opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently-dd- Henry Ford . Mistakes are the portals of discovery-dd- James Joyce . Dont worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you dont even try-dd- Jack Canfield . You should become a connoisseur of your own mistakes, turning them over in your mind as if they were works of art, which in a way they are-dd- Daniel Dennett . Failure is an attitude, not an outcome-dd- Harvey MacKay . First principle: never to let ones self be beaten down by persons or by events-dd- Marie Curie . In any case, you must not confuse a single failure with a final defeat-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I built my life-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough-dd- Og Mandino . You cant let your failures define you-dd- You have to let your failures teach you-dd- Barack Obama . Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure-dd- Confucius . Negative results are just what I want-dd- Theyre just as valuable to me as positive results-dd- I can never find the thing that does the job best until I find the ones that dont-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . I can accept failure, everyone fails at something-dd- But I cant accept not trying-dd- Michael Jordan . Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat-dd- Ralph Ellison . There is no such thing as failure, only results-dd- Tony Robbins . Dont think of it as failure-dd- Think of it as time-released success-dd- Robert Orben . Sport and life is about losing-dd- Its about understanding how to lose-dd- Lynn Davies . Failure is unimportant-dd- It takes courage to make a fool of yourself-dd- Charlie Chaplin (This is one of my favorite failure quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know whats yours-xx-) . I have not failed-dd- Ive just found 10,000 ways that wont work-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Success is usually the culmination of controlling failure-dd- Sylvester Stallone . Sometimes lifes going to hit you in the head with a brick-dd- Dont lose faith-dd- Steve Jobs . When its tough, will you give up or will you be relentless-qq- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . Its fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure-dd- Bill Gates . Ive missed more than 9000 shots in my career-dd- Ive lost almost 300 games-dd- 26 times, Ive been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed-dd- Ive failed over and over and over again in my life-dd- And that is why I succeed-dd- Michael Jordan . You have to be able to accept failure to get better-dd- LeBron James . Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new-dd- Albert Einstein . Failure is an importance part of your growth Dont be afraid to fail-dd- Michelle Obama . Making your mark on the world is hard-dd- If it were easy, everybody would do it-dd- But its not-dd- It takes patience, it takes commitment, and it comes with plenty of failure along the way-dd- Barack Obama . In a world thats changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is to not taking risks-dd- Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook) . If you set your goals ridiculously high and its a failure, you will fail above everyone elses success-dd- James Cameron (Terminator, Avatar, Titanic) . Please know that I am aware of the hazards-dd- I want to do it because I want to do it-dd- Women must try to do things as men have tried-dd- When they fail, their failure must be a challenge to others-dd- Amelia Earhart (First female aviator to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean) . It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts-dd- Winston Churchill . Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm-dd- Winston Churchill . The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows-dd- Buddha . My great concern is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with your failure-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Victory has a hundred fathers, but failure is an orphan-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . When you fail to prepare, youre preparing to fail-dd- John Wooden (More on that quote here) . Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . Do not fear mistakes-dd- You will know failure-dd- Continue to reach out-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Science, my lad, is made up of mistakes, but they are mistakes which it is useful to make, because they lead little by little to the truth-dd- Jules Verne . We are all full of weakness and errors; let us mutually pardon each other our follies-dd- Voltaire . The only failures are those who fail to try-dd- Lester B-dd- Pearson (Nobel Peace Prize 1957) . Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall-dd- Oliver Goldsmith . Failure is success if we learn from it-dd- Malcolm Forbes . The best way out is always through-dd- Robert Frost . There is no failure-dd- Only feedback-dd- Robert Allen . Without failure there is no achievement-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . The cost of failure islearning-dd- Neil Strauss . You always pass failure on the way to success-dd- Mickey Rooney . To err is human, to forgive, divine-dd- Alexander Pope . Apprentice yourself in failure-dd- Robert Greene . Its not failure, its unfinished success-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Attitude is the essence of failure or success-dd- Unknown . Key to failure: Trying to please everyone-dd- Unknown . Failure open doors to new opportunities-dd- Unknown . The bigger the failure, the greater the lesson-dd- Unknown . Tough situations build strong people-dd- Unknown . No man is a failure who is enjoying life-dd- William Feather . My reputation grows with every failure-dd- George Bernard Shaw . The phoenix must burn to emerge-dd- Janet Finch . No garden is without its weeds-dd- Thomas Fuller . You make mistakes-dd- Mistakes dont make you-dd- Maxwell Maltz . Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street-dd- Zig Ziglar . Not failure, but low aim, is a crime-dd- James Russell Lowell . Failure either ruins you or turns you into the man you can become-dd- Tucker Max . It doesnt matter how many times you have failed, you only have to be right once-dd- Mark Cuban . Forget the mistakes of the past and press on to the greater achievements of the future-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . You build on failure-dd- You use it as a steppingstone-dd- Close the door on the past-dd- You dont try to forget the mistakes, but you dont dwell on it-dd- You dont let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space-dd- Johnny Cash . Do the one thing you think you cannot do-dd- Fail at it-dd- Try again-dd- Do better the second time-dd- The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Its only when you risk failure that you discover things-dd- When you play it safe, youre not expressing the utmost of your human experience-dd- Lupita Nyongo . Everything negative  pressure, challenges  is all an opportunity for me to rise-dd- Kobe Bryant . If you fell down yesterday, stand up today-dd- H-dd- G-dd- Wells . Our greatest weakness lies in giving up-dd- The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated-dd- In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it-dd- Maya Angelou . You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you dont try-dd- Beverly Sills . Love the moment-dd- Flowers grow out of dark moments-dd- Therefore, each moment is vital-dd- It affects the whole-dd- Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed-dd- Corita Kent . If you arent making mistakes, you arent taking enough risks-dd- Debbie Millman . A hundred failures would not matter, when one single success could change the destiny of the world-dd- Arthur C-dd- Clarke . Failure doesnt kill you it increases your desire to make something happen-dd- Kevin Costner . There is no failure unless one stops-dd- Not to work is to cease, tighten up, become nervous and therefore destructive of the creative process-dd- Ray Bradbury . Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed on an equal or greater benefit-dd- Napoleon Hill . The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you wont-dd- Its whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere-dd- Barack Obama . No matter what one does, regardless of failure or success, the experience is a form of success in itself-dd- Jack Ma (alibaba-dd-com) . Embrace failure-dd- Never never quit-dd- Get very comfortable with that uneasy feeling of going against the grain and trying something new-dd- Terry Crews . I think you have to try and fail, because failure gets you closer to what youre good at-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . Your dream doesnt have an expiration date-dd- Take a deep breath and try again-dd- Unknown . Success is often achieved by those who dont know that failure is inevitable-dd- Coco Chanel . It is very important to embrace failure and to do a lot of stuff  as much stuff as possible  with as little fear as possible-dd- Stefan Sagmeister . Its much, much better to wind up with a lot of crap having tried it than to overthink in the beginning and not do it-dd- Stefan Sagmeister . Failure changes for the better, success for the worse-dd- Seneca . If at first you dont succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried-dd- Steven Wright . I didnt fail the test, I just found 100 ways to do it wrong-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Even the worst shit that happens to you can be converted into gold if you are clever enough-dd- Robert Greene . Failure is a bruise, not a tattoo-dd- Jon Sinclair . An architects most useful tools are an eraser at the drafting board, and a wrecking bar at the site-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . Ever meet someone whos always had everything work out for them with zero struggle-qq- They usually have the depth of a puddle-dd- Or they dont exist-dd- Chris Hardwick . The only time you dont fail is the last time you try anything  and it works-dd- William Strong . There is nothing in the world so easy to explain as failure  it is, after all, what everybody does all the time-dd- Susanna Clarke . Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure-dd- George Eliot . Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor-dd- Truman Capote . The real embarrassing issue about failure is your own acknowledgement that youre not a genius, that youre not as good as you thought you were-dd- [] Theres only one solution: You must embrace failure-dd- Milton Glaser . Get a bike thats as low to the ground as you can find, put on elbow and knee pads so youre not afraid of falling, and go-dd- Andrew Stanton . Never be afraid to try something new-dd- Remember, amateurs built the ark; professionals built the Titanic-dd- Unknown . Maybe Im lucky to be going so slowly, because I may be going in the wrong direction-dd- Ashleigh Brilliant . If at first you dont succeed, get a bigger hammer-dd- Alan Lewis . Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be-dd- John Wooden . We are all failures  at least the best of us are-dd- J-dd-M-dd- Barrie . Excuses are the nails used to build a house of failure-dd- Jim Rohn . What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do-dd- Tim Ferriss . I think perfection is ugly-dd- Somewhere in the things humans make, I want to see scars, failure, disorder, distortion-dd- Yohji Yamamoto . Life is a Tetris-dd- Do something good, it disappears immediately-dd- But mistakes, they accumulate themselves-dd- In the end everyone loses-dd- Alexandra Melo (More on that quote here) . Keep on beginning and failing-dd- Each time you fail, start all over again, and you will grow stronger until you have accomplished a purpose  not the one you began with perhaps, but one youll be glad to remember-dd- Anne Sullivan . Success or failure is caused more by mental attitude than by mental capacity-dd- Walter Scott . Your failure does not define you, your determination does-dd- Unknown . Those who truly fail in my eyes are the ones who never try at all-dd- The ones who sit on the couch and whine and moan and wait for the world to change for them-dd- Sarah Dessen . There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought-dd- Laurence J-dd- Peter . When you take risks you learn that there will be times when you succeed and there will be times when you fail, and both are equally important-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Such a simple concept, yet so true: that which we manifest is before us; we are the creators of our own destiny-dd- Be it through intention or ignorance, our successes and our failures have been brought on by none other than ourselves-dd- Garth Stein . A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms against himself-dd- He makes his failure certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it-dd- Alexander Dumas . It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all  in which case, you fail by default-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . Ultimately, we all have to decide for ourselves what constitutes failure-dd- But the world is quite eager to give you a set of criteria if you let it-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . Its not easy, but if you accept your misfortune and handle it right, your perceived failure can become a catalyst for profound reinvention-dd- Conan OBrien . The chief trick to making good mistakes is not to hide them  especially not from yourself-dd- Daniel Dennett . We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Mishaps are like knives, that either serve us or cut us, as we grasp them by the blade or the handle-dd- James Russell Lowell . Ninety-nine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses-dd- George Washington Carver . It is your own bad strategies, not the unfair opponent, that are to blame for your failures-dd- You are responsible for the good and bad in your life-dd- Robert Greene (The 33 Strategies of War) . Keep your head up in failure, and your head down in success-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . An action committed in anger, is an action doomed to failure-dd- Genghis Khan . What would you be glad you did  even if you failed-qq- Bren Brown . If you learn from defeat, you havent really lost-dd- Zig Ziglar . Experience is merely the name men gave to their mistakes-dd- Oscar Wilde . People who have the ability to fail in public under their own names actually gain a lot of power-dd- Naval Ravikant . It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final-dd- Roger Babson . Once we realize that imperfect understanding is the human condition there is no shame in being wrong, only in failing to correct our mistakes-dd- George Soros . We learn wisdom from failure much more than from success-dd- We often discover what will do, by finding out what will not do; and probably he who never made a mistake never made a discovery-dd- Samuel Smiles . Mistakes and failures are precisely your means of education-dd- They tell you about your own inadequacies-dd- Robert Greene . Blame is not for failure-dd- It is for failing to help or ask for help-dd- Jorgen Vig Knudstorp (Lego) . Failure is nothing more than learning how to win-dd- Robin Sharma . Theres meaning in every failure-dd- Find it-dd- Maxime Lagac . Ive come to realize that all my past failures and frustrations were actually laying the foundation for the understanding that have created the new level of living I now enjoy-dd- Tony Robbins . Youve got to experience failure to understand that you can survive it-dd- Tina Fey . Always remember that failure is an event, not a person-dd- Zig Ziglar . If I had to live my life again, Id make the same mistakes, only sooner-dd- Tallulah Bankhead . Bad times have a scientific value-dd- These are occasions a good learner would not miss-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . With a hint of good judgment, to fear nothing, not failure or suffering or even death, indicates that you value life the most-dd- You live to the extreme; you push limits; you spend your time building legacies-dd- Those do not die-dd- Criss Jami . The trick is to take advantage of the particular details of the mess youve made, so that your next attempt will be informed by it and not just another blind stab in the dark-dd- Daniel Dennett . Part 1-dd- Happiness needs sadness-dd- Success needs failure-dd- Benevolence needs evil-dd- Love needs hatred-dd- Victory needs defeat-dd- Pleasure needs pain-dd- Philippos . Part 2-dd- You must experience and accept the extremes because if the contrast is lost, you lose appreciation; and when you lose appreciation you lose the value of everything-dd- Philippos . There is no disgrace in honest failure; there is disgrace in fearing to fail-dd- What is past is useful only as it suggests ways and means for progress-dd- Henry Ford (More on this quote here) . If at first you dont succeed, try, try again-dd- Then quit-dd- Theres no point in being a damn fool about it-dd- W-dd- C-dd- Fields . To fail is to give up-dd- But you are in the midst of a moving process-dd- Nothing fails then-dd- All goes on-dd- Work is done-dd- If good, you learn from it-dd- If bad, you learn even more-dd- Ray Bradbury . Mistakes arent a necessary evil-dd- They arent evil at all-dd- They are an inevitable consequence of doing something new (and, as such, should be seen as valuable; without them, wed have no originality)-dd- Ed Catmull (Creativity, Inc-dd-) . If you arent experiencing failure, then you are making a far worse mistake: You are being driven by the desire to avoid it-dd- Ed Catmull . The attempt to avoid failure makes failure more likely-dd- Ed Catmull . Mistakes are proof that you are trying-dd- Unknown . Age wrinkles the body-dd- Quitting wrinkles the soul-dd- Douglas MacArthur . There are no failures, just experiences and your reactions to them-dd- Tom Krause . Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again-dd- Richard Branson . Truth is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity and stumble from defeat to defeat-dd- Anais Nin . Being defeated is often a temporary condition-dd- Giving up is what makes it permanent-dd- Marilyn Vos Savant . You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing that we call failure is not the falling down, but the staying down-dd- Mary Pickford . The difference between average people and achieving people is their perception of and response to failure-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . If you want something you can have it, but only if you want everything that goes with it, including all the hard work and the despair, and only if youre willing to risk failure-dd- Philip Pullman . Failure does not mean that youll never get what you want, sometimes failure means that you have to fight harder for something better-dd- Unknown . Good people are good because theyve come to wisdom through failure-dd- We get very little wisdom from success, you know-dd- William Saroyan . How we deal with tragedy defines who we are-dd- I used to be terrible at it-dd- Beyond terrible-dd- You are not going to let this deflate you-dd- You are going to pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and we will figure out what the next step is-dd- Chris Traeger . Failure is a state of mind-dd- Its like one of those sand traps an ant lion digs-dd- You keep sliding back-dd- Takes one hell of a jump to get out of it-dd- John Steinbeck . I thank God for my failures-dd- Maybe not at the time but after some reflection-dd- Dolly Parton . Failure at some point in your life is inevitable, but giving up is unforgivable-dd- Joe Biden . What is the point of being alive if you dont at least try to do something remarkable-qq- John Green . Giving up is the only sure way to fail-dd- Gena Showalter . Youve got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing-dd- Arthur Ashe . Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . Failures, repeated failures, are finger posts on the road to achievement-dd- One fails forward toward success-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Develop success from failures-dd- Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success-dd- Dale Carnegie . The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail-dd- Napoleon Hill . I feel theres an existential angst among young people-dd- I didnt have that-dd- They see enormous mountains, where I only saw one little hill to climb-dd- Sergey Brin (Google) . If you dont try at anything you cant fail it takes back bone to lead the life you want-dd- Richard Yates . You dont have to hold yourself hostage to who you used to be-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Its not how far you fall, but how high you bounce that counts-dd- Zig Ziglar . Failure is not a bug of learning, its the feature-dd- Rachel Simmons . Failure doesnt mean you are a failure it just means you havent succeeded yet-dd- Robert Schuller . Turn pain into progress-dd- To be wrong as fast as you can is to sign up for aggressive, rapid learning-dd- Ed Catmull . Just because you fail once doesnt mean youre gonna fail at everything-dd- Marilyn Monroe . If you are afraid to learn from your mistakes, you will more than likely keep repeating them-dd- Robert Greene . Learning to fail well means learning to understand your mistakes, because unless you know what went wrong, you may do the wrong things to correct it-dd- Megan McArdle (The Up Side of Down: Why Failing Well Is the Key to Success) . I dont mind losing as long as I see improvement or I feel Ive done as well as I possibly could-dd- Carol Dweck (Mindset: The New Psychology of Success) . Learning starts with failure; the first failure is the beginning of education-dd- John Hersey . Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker-dd- Failure is delay, not defeat-dd- It is a temporary detour, not a dead end-dd- Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing-dd- Denis Waitley . When you enter a mindset, you enter a new world-dd- In one world (the world of fixed traits) success is about proving youre smart or talented-dd- Validating yourself-dd- In the other (the world of changing qualities) its about stretching yourself to learn something new-dd- Developing yourself-dd- Carol S-dd- Dweck (Mindset: The New Psychology of Success) . We pay a heavy price for our fear of failure-dd- It is a powerful obstacle to growth-dd- It assures the progressive narrowing of the personality and prevents exploration and experimentation-dd- John W-dd- Gardner . I think its important to have a good hard failure when youre young-dd- I learned a lot out of that-dd- Because it makes you kind of aware of what can happen to you-dd- Because of it Ive never had any fear in my whole life when weve been near collapse and all of that-dd- Ive never been afraid-dd- Ive never had the feeling I couldnt walk out and get a job doing something-dd- Walt Disney . There is no learning without some difficulty and fumbling-dd- If you want to keep on learning, you must keep on risking failure  all your life-dd- Its as simple as that-dd- John W-dd- Gardner . The men who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed-dd- Lloyd Jones . A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success-dd- Unknown . The brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something-dd- Because the brick walls are there to stop the people who dont want it badly enough-dd- Theyre there to stop the other people-dd- Randy Pausch (The Last Lecture, YouTube video) . The person who failed often knows how to avoid future failures-dd- The person who knows only success can be more oblivious to all the pitfalls-dd- Randy Pausch . When youre down in the hole, when that moment comes, its really okay to feel bad for a little while  give yourself time to mourn what you think you may have lost  but, then, heres the key: Learn from every mistake-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Every experience, encounter, and particularly your mistakes are there to teach you and force you into being more of who you are-dd- Oprah Winfrey . No matter what challenges or setbacks or disappointments you may encounter along the way, you will find true success and happiness if you have only one goal  there really is only one, and that is this: To fulfill the highest, most truthful expression of yourself as a human being-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Never let success get to your head and never let failure get to your heart-dd- Ziad Abdelnour . Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble-dd- Shah Rukh Khan . The heart will break, but broken live on-dd- Lord Byron . No worldly success can compensate for failure in the home-dd- David O-dd- McKay . You got to go down a lot of wrong roads to find the right one-dd- Bob Parsons . Yes, I am imperfect and vulnerable and sometimes afraid, but that doesnt change the truth that I am brave and worthy of love and belonging-dd- Bren Brown . I must be taken as I have been made-dd- The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me-dd- Charles Dickens . You will have to rise up and say, I dont care how hard this is, I dont care how disappointed I am, Im not going to let this get the best of me-dd- Im moving on with my life-dd- Joel Osteen . Trying is the biggest mistake you can make early on in a relationship-dd- It sets a false expectation that you will eventually tire of-dd- Naval Ravikant . The hottest love has the coldest end-dd- Socrates . Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water-dd- Christopher Morley . You need to have faith in yourself-dd- Be brave and take risks-dd- You dont have to have it all figured out to move forward-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Time heals griefs and quarrels, for we change and are no longer the same persons-dd- Neither the offender nor the offended are any more themselves-dd- Blaise Pascal . Im not crying because of you; youre not worth it-dd- Im crying because my delusion of who you were was shattered by the truth of who you are-dd- Steve Maraboli . Ever has it been that loves knows not its own death until the hour of separation-dd- Khalil Gibran . Sometimes when things are falling apart, they may actually be falling into place-dd- J-dd- Lynn . Most things break, including hearts-dd- The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus-dd- Wallace Stegner . One makes mistakes; that is life-dd- But it is never a mistake to have loved-dd- Romain Rolland . Dont brood-dd- Get on with living and loving-dd- You dont have forever-dd- Leo Buscaglia . If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate-dd- Thomas J-dd- Watson . My best successes came on the heels of failures-dd- Barbara Concoran . Its failure that gives you the proper perspective on success-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Success is not built on success-dd- Its built on failure-dd- Its built on frustration-dd- Sometimes its built on catastrophe-dd- Sumner Redstone . People settle-dd- They settle for less than they are capable of-dd- Seth Godin (The Dip) . Quit or be exceptional-dd- Average is for losers-dd- Seth Godin (The Dip) . A little more persistence a little more effort and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success-dd- Elbert Hubbard . You can measure your worth by your dedication to your path, not by your successes or failures-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic . I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate-dd- George Burns . Im not going to get somewhere and say, OK, Im done-dd- Success is never final; Ill just keep on going-dd- The same way as failure never being fatal-dd- Just keep going-dd- Im going to the stars and then past them-dd- Conor McGregor . In my experience, each failure contains the seeds of your next success  if you are willing to learn from it-dd- Paul Allen . The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one-dd- Elbert Hubbard . The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same-dd- Colin R-dd- Davis . When all is said and done, success without happiness is the worst kind of failure-dd- Louis Binstock . It is a mistake to suppose that people succeed through success; they often succeed through failures-dd- Unknown . The only real failure is the failure to try, and the measure of success is how we cope with disappointment-dd- Deborah Moggach . Success breeds complacency-dd- Complacency breeds failure-dd- Only the paranoid survive-dd- Andy Grove . There are no secrets to success: dont waste time looking for them-dd- Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty to those for whom you work, and persistence-dd- Colin Powell . Even those who venture to dip a toe in the pond of risk never allow themselves to get used to the water-dd- David Viscott . Like success, failure is many things to many people-dd- With positive mental attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, and a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order to prepare to try again-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . Part 1-dd- I will persist until I succeed-dd- I was not delivered unto this world in defeat, nor does failure course in my veins-dd- I am not a sheep waiting to be prodded by my shepherd-dd- Og Mandino . Part 2-dd- I am I lion and I refuse to talk, to walk, to sleep with the sheep-dd- I will not hear those that weep and complain for their disease is contagious-dd- Let them join the sheep-dd- The slaughterhouse of failure is not in my destiny-dd- Og Mandino . Nothing fails like success because we dont learn from it-dd- We learn only from failure-dd- Kenneth Boudling . It doesnt matter how far you might rise  at some point, you are bound to stumble-dd- Because if youre constantly doing what we do  raising the bar  if youre constantly pushing yourself higher, higher, the law of averages predicts that you will, at some point, fall-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Remember this: There is no such thing as failure  failure is just life trying to move us in another direction-dd- Oprah Winfrey . When we give ourselves permission to fail, we, at the same time, give ourselves permission to excel-dd- Eloise Ristad . There are defeats more triumphant than victories-dd- Michel de Montaigne . What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything-qq- Vincent Van Gogh . There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure-dd- Paulo Coelho . Face failure head on, dont be afraid of it, and people will support and welcome you even more-dd- Richard Branson . I dont want the fear of failure to stop me from doing what I really care about-dd- Emma Watson . Defeat is not the worst of failures-dd- Not to have tried is the true failure-dd- George Woodberry . If youre waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, youll never make it-dd- Criss Jami . Failure is part of the process of success-dd- People who avoid failure also avoid success-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . But instead of spending our lives running towards our dreams, we are often running away from a fear of failure or a fear of criticism-dd- Eric Wright . Part 1-dd- I must say a word about fear-dd- It is lifes only true opponent-dd- Only fear can defeat life-dd- It is a clever, treacherous adversary, how well I know-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . Part 2-dd- It has no decency, respects no law or convention, shows no mercy-dd- It goes for your weakest spot, which it finds with unnerving ease-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . Part 3-dd- It begins in your mind, always so you must fight hard to express it-dd- You must fight hard to shine the light of words upon it-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . Part 4-dd- Because if you dont, if your fear becomes a wordless darkness that you avoid, perhaps even manage to forget, you open yourself to further attacks of fear because you never truly fought the opponent who defeated you-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . There is no growth or success without change-dd- Ed Catmull . The only real stumbling block is fear of failure-dd- In cooking youve got to have a What the hell-qq- attitude-dd- Julia Child . You must always be prepared to place a bet on yourself, on your future, by heading in a direction that others seem to fear-dd- Robert Greene . Why waste time proving over and over how great you are, when you could be getting better-qq- Carol S-dd- Dweck (Mindset: The New Psychology Of Success) . Fear of failure is not sufficient justification for not pursuing what you want to do-dd- Ryan Normandin . Dont wait for things to be perfect before you share them with others-dd- Show early and show often-dd- Itll be pretty when we get there, but it wont be pretty along the way-dd- Ed Catmull (Creativity, Inc-dd-) . When it comes to creative endeavors, the concept of zero failures is worse than useless-dd- Its counterproductive-dd- Ed Catmull . Work finally begins when the fear of doing nothing exceeds the fear of doing it badly-dd- Alain de Botton . Dont worry about failure  you only have to be right once-dd- Drew Houston (Dropbox) . Failure and invention are inseparable twins-dd- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . We dont have to do all of it alone-dd- We were never meant to-dd- Bren Brown (Rising Strong) . You gotta act-dd- And you gotta be willing to fail if youre afraid of failing, you wont get very far-dd- Steve Jobs . If youre not failing every now and again, its a sign youre not doing anything very innovative-dd- Woody Allen . Most competitors quit long before theyve created something that makes it to the top-dd- Seth Godin (The Dip) . Short term pain has more impact on most people than long-term benefits do, which is why its so important for you to amplify the long-term benefits of not quitting-dd- Seth Godin (The Dip) . In a crowded marketplace, fitting in is a failure-dd- In a busy marketplace, not standing out is the same as being invisible-dd- Seth Godin . Failure is an option here-dd- If things are not failing, you are not innovating enough-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla) . The only risk of failure is promotion-dd- Scott Adams (Dilbert) . You must have long term goals to keep you from being frustrated by short term failures-dd- Charles C-dd- Noble . We dont need to celebrate failure-dd- We do need to make it safe to admit failure  thats how we learn from mistakes-dd- Adam Grant . Failure doesnt define you-dd- Its what you do after you fail that determines whether you are a leader or a waste of perfectly good air-dd- Sabaa Tahir . Failure saves lives-dd- In the airline industry, every time a plane crashes the probability of the next crash is lowered by that-dd- The Titanic saved lives because were building bigger and bigger ships-dd- So these people died, but we have effectively improved the safety of the system, and nothing failed in vain-dd- Nassim Nicholas Talib . People need to feel safe experimenting, failing and speaking up when they see problems [] it starts with leadership being vulnerable enough to own up to failures and be open with their weaknesses-dd- Amanda Wood . Im not the first to say that failure, when approached properly, can be an opportunity for growth-dd- Ed Catmull (Creativity, Inc-dd-) . In a fear-based, failure-averse culture, people will consciously or unconsciously avoid risk-dd- They will seek instead to repeat something safe thats been good enough in the past-dd- Their work will be derivative, not innovative-dd- But if you can foster a positive understanding of failure, the opposite will happen-dd- Ed Catmull . People driven by a pursuit that puts them on the edges are often not on the periphery, but on the frontier, testing the limits of what it is possible to withstand and discover-dd- Sarah Lewis . If youre not prepared to be wrong, youll never come up with anything original-dd- Ken Robinson . Any being, any agent, who can truly say, Well, it seemed like a good idea at the time-xx- is standing on the threshold of brilliance-dd- Daniel Dennett . We need to accept that we wont always make the right decisions, that well screw up royally sometimesunderstanding that failure is not the opposite of success, its part of success-dd- Arianna Huffington . I have always been pushed by the negative-dd- The apparent failure of a play sends me back to my typewriter that very night, before the reviews are out-dd- I am more compelled to get back to work than if I had a success-dd- Tennessee Williams . You want to create a space in which people feel safe to think outside the box, test new approaches, and yes, even fail-dd- officevibe-dd-com . It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success-dd- Havelock Ellis . I dont understand a way to work other than bold-facedly running towards failure-dd- Cate Blanchett . Dont bury your failures, let them inspire you-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Sometimes it takes a wrong turn to get you to the right place-dd- Mandy Hale . The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing-dd- Henry Ford . Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . A failure doesnt mean you are unworthy, nor does it preclude success on the next try-dd- Leonard Mlodinow . Failure always brings something valuable with it-dd- I dont let it leave until I extract that value-dd- Scott Adams (How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big: Kind of the Story of My Life) . Sorrow, disappointment, failure  learn from them-dd- Then let them go-dd- Unknown . Never walk away from failure-dd- On the contrary, study it carefully and imaginatively for its hidden assets-dd- Michael Korda . You must cut yourself loose from the past and open your eyes to the present-dd- Robert Greene (The 33 Strategies of War) . Once the ego inflates it will only come back to earth through some jarring failure-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . Failure is instructive-dd- The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes-dd- John Dewey . Talk about your failures without apologizing-dd- Bren Brown . Some of the best lessons we ever learn we learn from our mistakes and failures-dd- The error of the past is the wisdom of the future-dd- Tryon Edwards . Pain is the not the only way to learn a lesson, but it is the surest way to never forget one-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Failures can be seen as information or they can be seen as a threat to your sense of self-dd- Embracing the former definition will help you learn and improve-dd- Succumbing to the latter will make you timid and resentful-dd- The Stoic Emperor . All men make mistakes, but a good man yields when he knows his course is wrong, and repairs the evil-dd- The only crime is pride-dd- Sophocles . No human ever became interesting by not failing-dd- The more you fail and recover and improve, the better you are as a person-dd- Chris Hardwick . Human beings are the only creatures who are allowed to fail-dd- If an ant fails, its dead-dd- But were allowed to learn from our mistakes and from our failures-dd- And thats how I learn, by falling flat on my face and picking myself up and starting all over again-dd- Madeleine LEngle . Failure is enriching-dd- Its also important to accept that youll make mistakes  its how you build your expertise-dd- The trick is to learn a positive lesson from all of lifes negative moments-dd- Alain Ducasse . The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried-dd- Stephen McCranie . When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal-dd- Napoleon Hill . Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it-dd- George Santayana . Failure is painful, and our feelings about this pain tend to screw up our understanding of its worth-dd- To disentangle the good and the bad parts of failure, we have to recognize both the reality of the pain and the benefit of the resulting growth-dd- Ed Catcull (Creativity, Inc-dd-) . Being open about problems is the first step toward learning from them We must think of the cost of failure as an investment in the future-dd- Ed Catmull (Creativity, Inc-dd-) . You are not your idea, and if you identify too closely with your ideas, you will take offense when they are challenged-dd- Ed Catmull . When you make a mistake, you should learn to take a deep breath, grit your teeth, and then examine your own recollections of the mistake as ruthlessly and as dispassionately as you can manage-dd- Daniel Dennett . Try to acquire the weird practice of savoring your mistakes, delighting in uncovering the strange quirks that led you astray-dd- Daniel Dennett . Sometimes people let the same problem make them miserable for years when they could just say so what-dd- Thats one of my favorite things to say: So what-dd- Andy Warhol . Every time they told me no, I just got stronger-dd- Lady Gaga . Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure-dd- Napoleon Hill . People are trapped in history and history is trapped in them-dd- James Baldwin . History is who we are and why we are the way we are-dd- David McCullough . I am what time, circumstance, history, have made of me, certainly, but I am also, much more than that-dd- So are we all-dd- James Baldwin . A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Revolutions are the locomotives of history-dd- Karl Marx . Blood alone moves the wheels of history-dd- Martin Luther . A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots-dd- Marcus Garvey . I do not speak Hebrew, but I understand that it has no word for history-dd- The closest word for it is memory-dd- David Miliband . Fear not for the future, weep not for the past-dd- Percy Bysshe Shelley . History is merely a list of surprises-dd- It can only prepare us to be surprised yet again-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Anybody can make history-dd- Only a great man can write it-dd- Oscar Wilde . I cant change history, I dont want to change history-dd- I can only change the future-dd- Im working on that-dd- Boris Becker . History is mostly guessing; the rest is prejudice-dd- Will Durant . History is a relay of revolutions-dd- Saul Alinsky . Neither the life of an individual nor the history of a society can be understood without understanding both-dd- C-dd- Wright Mills . The past changes a little every time we retell it-dd- Hilary Mantel . Be honest-dd- We have the science, the technology, and the wealth-dd- What we dont have is the will, and thats not a reason that history will accept-dd- Bono . History has demonstrated that the most notable winners usually encountered heartbreaking obstacles before they triumphed-dd- They won because they refused to become discouraged by their defeats-dd- B-dd- C-dd- Forbes . I believe that we must maintain pride in the knowledge that the actions we take, based on our own decisions and choices as individuals, link directly to the magnificent challenge of transforming human history-dd- Daisaku Ikeda . The best prophet of the future is the past-dd- Lord Byron . Life moves fast-dd- As much as you can, learn from your history, you have to move forward-dd- Eddie Vedder . Human history in essence is the history of ideas-dd- H-dd- G-dd- Wells . We dont want tradition-dd- We want to live in the present and the only history that is worth a tinkers damn is the history we make today-dd- Henry Ford . To study history means submitting to chaos and nevertheless retaining faith in order and meaning-dd- Hermann Hesse . History is not a burden on the memory but an illumination of the soul-dd- Lord Acton . Without words, without writing and without books there would be no history, there could be no concept of humanity-dd- Hermann Hesse . The history of all previous societies has been the history of class struggles-dd- Karl Marx . History does nothing; it does not possess immense riches, it does not fight battles-dd- It is men, real, living, who do all this-dd- Karl Marx . The historic ascent of humanity, taken as a whole, may be summarized as a succession of victories of consciousness over blind forces  in nature, in society, in man himself-dd- Leon Trotsky . History of the world is the biography of the great man-dd- And I said: The great man always act like a thunder-dd- He storms the skies, while others are waiting to be stormed-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Psychology keeps trying to vindicate human nature-dd- History keeps undermining the effort-dd- Mason Cooley . There are still many causes worth sacrificing for, so much history yet to be made-dd- Michelle Obama (This is one of my favorite history quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know whats yours-xx-) . Fellow citizens, we cannot escape history-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Thank you for coming-dd- Were gonna make some history together today-dd- Steve Jobs (Apple founder introducing the iPhone at MacWorld 2007) . The man who has no sense of history, is like a man who has no ears or eyes-dd- Adolf Hitler . Poetry is finer and more philosophical than history; for poetry expresses the universal, and history only the particular-dd- Aristotle . After making a mistake or suffering a misfortune, the man of genius always gets back on his feet-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Soldiers, if there is one among you who wants to kill his general, his Emperor, here I am-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . We learn from history that we dont learn from history-xx- Desmond Tutu . The Revolution introduced me to art, and in turn, art introduced me to the Revolution-xx- Albert Einstein . History is merely gossip-dd- Oscar Wilde . Condemn me, it does not matter, history will absolve me-dd- Fidel Castro . History shows that there are no invincible armies-dd- Joseph Stalin . History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce-dd- Karl Marx . History is a peoples memory, and without a memory, man is demoted to the lower animals-dd- Malcolm X . Friends, I shall ask you to be as quiet as possible-dd- I dont know whether you fully understand that I have just been shot; but it takes more than that to kill a Bull Moose-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . When I was a child my mother said to me, If you become a soldier, youll be a general-dd- If you become a monk, youll be the Pope-dd- Instead I became a painter and wound up as Picasso-dd- Pablo Picasso . History will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . We are not makers of history-dd- We are made by history-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . I wont predict anything historic-dd- But nothing is impossible-dd- Michael Phelps . Black history is American history-dd- Morgan Freeman . Youre going to relegate my history to a month-dd- Morgan Freeman . History is a set of lies agreed upon-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . I dont believe in accidents-dd- There are only encounters in history-dd- Pablo Picasso . There is properly no history; only biography-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . To me, this is about preserving history and making it available to everyone-dd- Sergey Brin (Google) . History is a pack of lies we play on the dead-dd- Voltaire . Indeed, history is nothing more than a tableau of crimes and misfortunes-dd- Voltaire . History passes the final judgment-dd- Sidney Poitier . Poetry is nearer to vital truth than history-dd- Plato . History provides no precise guidelines-dd- Douglas Hurd . History develops, art stands still-dd- E-dd- M-dd- Forster . Difficulty is the excuse history never accepts-dd- Edward R-dd- Murrow . History is nothing but assisted and recorded memory-dd- George Santayana . We learn from history that we learn nothing from history-dd- George Santayana . History takes time-dd- History makes memory-dd- Gertrude Stein . History has been the history of warfare-dd- Godfrey Reggio . History is nothing if not an epic tale of missed opportunities-dd- Graydon Carter . History is more or less bunk-dd- Henry Ford . Ideas shape the course of history-dd- John Maynard Keynes . Patriotism ruins history-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Historys a resource-dd- Laura Linney . History laughs at both the victim and the aggressor-dd- Mahmoud Darwish . We hire a man, not his history-dd- Malcolm Forbes . Never doubt that you can change history-dd- You already have-dd- Marge Piercy . Human history is highly nonlinear and unpredictable-dd- Michael Shermer . The main thing is to make history, not to write it-dd- Otto von Bismarck . History, a distillation of rumour-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Sometimes  history needs a push-dd- Vladimir Lenin . Our history is not our destiny-dd- Alan Cohen . When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor-dd- Elon Musk . The history of mankind is the instant between two strides taken by a traveler-dd- Franz Kafka . On the day when man told the story of his life to man, history was born-dd- Alfred de Vigny . Work hard, have fun and make history-dd- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . We are all tourists in history, and irony is what we win in wars-dd- Anatole Broyard . Every renaissance comes to the world with a cry, the cry of the human spirit to be free-dd- Anne Sullivan . History speaks to artists-dd- It changes the artists thinking and is constantly reshaping it into different and unexpected images-dd- Anselm Kiefer . What does the artist do-qq- He draws connections-dd- He ties the invisible threads between things-dd- He dives into history, be it the history of mankind, the geological history of the Earth or the beginning and end of the manifest cosmos-dd- Anselm Kiefer . History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, however, if faced with courage, need not be lived again-dd- Maya Angelou . Whatever we do or fail to do will influence the course of history-dd- Arthur Henderson . The only history is a mere question of ones struggle inside oneself-dd- But that is the joy of it-dd- One need neither discover Americas nor conquer nations, and yet one has as great a work as Columbus or Alexander, to do-dd- D-dd- H-dd- Lawrence . It had long come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them-dd- They went out and happened to things-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . History is the present-dd- Thats why every generation writes it anew-dd- But what most people think of as history is its end product, myth-dd- E-dd- L-dd- Doctorow . Today is either the beginning of the end, or the end of the beginning-dd- Today we are making history-dd- Eckhard Pfeiffer . I want this book to be facts, to be important, to be history-dd- Anatoli Boukreev . People who make history know nothing about history-dd- You can see that in the sort of history they make-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . The public history of modern art is the story of conventional people not knowing what they are dealing with-dd- Golda Meir . If its a good idea, go ahead and do it-dd- Its easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission-dd- Grace Murray Hopper, inventor of the COBOL computer language . What fascinates me are the turning points where history could have been different-dd- Hilary Mantel . Alternate history fascinates me, as it fascinates all novelists, because What if-qq- is the big thing-dd- Kate Atkinson . If you dont know history, then you dont know anything-dd- You are a leaf that doesnt know it is part of a tree-dd- Michael Crichton . Live out of your imagination, not your history-dd- Stephen Covey . History books that contain no lies are extremely dull-dd- Anatole France . Hindsight is the historians necessary vice-dd- Hilary Mantel . Human blunders usually do more to shape history than human wickedness-dd- A-dd- J-dd- P-dd- Taylor . History is a pack of lies about events that never happened told by people who werent there-dd- George Santayana . When the great history of trouble is written, my family will stand extremely high in the table of contents-dd- Allan Sherman . History is an account, mostly false, of events, mostly unimportant, which are brought about by rulers, mostly knaves, and soldiers, mostly fools-dd- Ambrose Bierce . I felt like a pickle stepping into history-dd- Bill Clinton . Long before history began we men have got together apart from the women and done things-dd- We had time-dd- C-dd- S-dd- Lewis . Anyone who believes you cant change history has never tried to write his memoirs-dd- David Ben Gurion . People take the longest possible paths, digress to numerous dead ends, and make all kinds of mistakes-dd- Then historians come along and write summaries of this messy, nonlinear process and make it appear like a simple, straight line-dd- Dean Kamen . The historian will tell you what happened-dd- The novelist will tell you what it felt like-dd- E-dd- L-dd- Doctorow . Watch the History Channel if you want it literal and historically perfect-dd- Emily Blunt . Every historian discloses a new horizon-dd- George Sand . Historian: an unsuccessful novelist-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . Like a historian, I interpret, select, discard, shape, simplify-dd- Unlike a historian, I make up peoples thoughts-dd- Hilary Mantel . Yeah, I read history-dd- But it doesnt make you nice-dd- Hitler read history, too-dd- Joan Rivers . History can bring luck: this is what we can call optimism-dd- Stephane Hessel . You dont hate history, you hate the way it was taught to you in high school-dd- Stephen Ambrose . I feel like Im too busy writing history to read it-dd- Kanye West . The historian is a prophet looking backward-dd- Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel . A poet in history is divine, but a poet in the next room is a joke-dd- Max Eastman . Freedom has no history-dd- Andrew Cohen . The people who have really made history are the martyrs-dd- Aleister Crowley . History reports that the men who can manage men manage the men who can manage only things, and the men who can manage money manage all-dd- Will Durant . False history gets made all day, any day, the truth of the new is never on the news-dd- Adrienne Rich . A myth is far truer than a history, for a history only gives a story of the shadows, whereas a myth gives a story of the substances that cast the shadows-dd- Annie Besant . Reason is the historian, but passions are the actors-dd- Antoine Rivarol . What I am is a thinking, feeling human being compelled by history-dd- Avery Brooks . You cannot amputate your history from your destiny, because that is redemption-dd- Beth Moore . Who has fully realized that history is not contained in thick books but lives in our very blood-qq- Carl Jung . Meaning is socially, historically, and rhetorically constructed-dd- Clifford Geertz . The pull, the attraction of history, is in our human nature-dd- What makes us tick-qq- Why do we do what we do-qq- How much is luck the deciding factor-qq- David McCullough . History is information-dd- Memory is part of your identity-dd- David Miliband . If history is any indication, all truths will eventually turn out to be false-dd- Dean Kamen . If history and science have taught us anything, it is that passion and desire are not the same as truth-dd- E-dd- O-dd- Wilson . Isnt history ultimately the result of our fear of boredom-qq- Emile M-dd- Cioran . When you lose your temper or even feel irritated: remember that human life is very short-dd- Before long all of us will be laid out side by side-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The history of the past interests us only in so far as it illuminates the history of the present-dd- Ernest Dimnet . Memoirs are the backstairs of history-dd- George Meredith . Universal history is the history of a few metaphors-dd- Jorge Luis Borges . Each one writes history according to his convenience-dd- Jose Rizal . The writer may very well serve a movement of history as its mouthpiece, but he cannot of course create it-dd- Karl Marx . It is not history which uses men as a means of achieving  as if it were an individual person  its own ends-dd- History is nothing but the activity of men in pursuit of their ends-dd- Karl Marx . The beauty of the past belongs to the past-dd- Margaret Bourke-White . Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . The past itself, as historical change continues to accelerate, has become the most surreal of subjects  making it possible to see a new beauty in what is vanishing-dd- Susan Sontag . Sometimes history takes things into its own hands-dd- Thurgood Marshall . What is history-qq- An echo of the past in the future; a reflex from the future on the past-dd- Victor Hugo . History should be written as philosophy-dd- Voltaire . Well be remembered more for what we destroy than what we create-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . If you want the present to be different from the past, study the past-dd- Baruch Spinoza . History is a gallery of pictures in which there are few originals and many copies-dd- Alexis de Tocqueville . No harms done to history by making it something someone would want to read-dd- David McCullough . We must admit that history is enjoyable to a large extent because it enables us to pass judgement on the past-dd- Douglas Hurd . It takes a great deal of history to produce a little literature-dd- Henry James . Ive been completely fascinated with history because it tells everything about whats going to happen next because its cyclical, everything repeats in general-dd- Emilie Autumn . The game of history is usually played by the best and the worst over the heads of the majority in the middle-dd- Eric Hoffer . History never looks like history when you are living through it-dd- John W-dd- Gardner . History is a race between education and catastrophe-dd- H-dd- G-dd- Wells . The very ink with which all history is written is merely fluid prejudice-dd- Mark Twain . The so-called lessons of history are for the most part the rationalizations of the victors-dd- History is written by the survivors-dd- Max Lerner . Every moment happens twice: inside and outside, and they are two different histories-dd- Zadie Smith . History is a vast early warning system-dd- Norman Cousins . History is Philosophy teaching by examples-dd- Thucydides . In the end, human history is made up of all our decisions-dd- David Miliband . Read no history: nothing but biography, for that is life without theory-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . If you think you have it tough, read history books-dd- Bill Maher . People have an annoying habit of remembering things they shouldnt-dd- Christopher Paolini . Television and film are our libraries now-dd- Our history books-dd- David Strathairn . Throughout history, it took centuries for the habits of one culture to materially affect another-dd- Now, that which becomes popular in one country can sweep through others within months-dd- Dee Hock . For most of the history of our species we were helpless to understand how nature works-dd- We took every storm, drought, illness and comet personally-dd- We created myths and spirits in an attempt to explain the patterns of nature-dd- Ann Druyan . There runs a strange law through the length of human history  that men are continually tending to undervalue their environment, to undervalue their happiness, to undervalue themselves-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . History, like love, is so apt to surround her heroes with an atmosphere of imaginary brightness-dd- James Fenimore Cooper . If you have lived, take thankfully the past-dd- John Dryden . When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love has always won-dd- There have been tyrants and murderers and for a time they seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall  think of it, always-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . All our experience with history should teach us, when we look back, how badly human wisdom is betrayed when it relies on itself-dd- Martin Luther . Its not the sentiments of men which make history but their actions-dd- Norman Mailer . Life can be found only in the present moment-dd- The past is gone, the future is not yet here, and if we do not go back to ourselves in the present moment, we cannot be in touch with life-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . History, we can confidently assert, is useful in the sense that art and music, poetry and flowers, religion and philosophy are useful-dd- Without it  as with these  life would be poorer and meaner; without it we should be denied some of those intellectual and moral experiences which give meaning and richness to life-dd- Surely it is no accident that the study of history has been the solace of many of the noblest minds of every generation-dd- Henry Steele Commager . The becoming of man is the history of the exhaustion of his possibilities-dd- Susan Sontag . History shows that the majority of people that have done anything great have passed their youth in seclusion-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Optimists are usually wrong-dd- But all the great change in history, positive change, was done by optimists-dd- Thomas Friedman . No man is truly great who is great only in his lifetime-dd- The test of greatness is the page of history-dd- William Hazlitt . The most effective way to destroy people is to deny and obliterate their own understanding of their history-dd- George Orwell . The human race tends to remember the abuses to which it has been subjected rather than the endearments-dd- Whats left of kisses-qq- Wounds, however, leave scars-dd- Bertolt Brecht . I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge  myth is more potent than history  dreams are more powerful than facts  hope always triumphs over experience  laughter is the cure for grief  love is stronger than death-dd- Robert Fulghum . History is a nightmare from which I am trying to awake-dd- James Joyce . Those who do not move, do not notice their chains-dd- Rosa Luxemburg . History shows you dont know what the future brings-dd- Rick Wagoner . I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past-dd- Bar Refaeli . No period of history has ever been great or ever can be that does not act on some sort of high, idealistic motives, and idealism in our time has been shoved aside, and we are paying the penalty for it-dd- Alfred North Whitehead . Personally, I would be delighted if there were a life after death, especially if it permitted me to continue to learn about this world and others, if it gave me a chance to discover how history turns out-dd- Carl Sagan . To communicate the truths of history is an act of hope for the future-dd- Daisaku Ikeda . We are not merely passive pawns of historical forces; nor are we victims of the past-dd- We can shape and direct history-dd- Daisaku Ikeda . To be hopeful in bad times is based on the fact that human history is not only of cruelty, but also of compassion, sacrifice, courage, kindness-dd- If we see only the worst, it destroys our capacity to do something-dd- If we remember those times and places where people have behaved magnificently, this gives us the energy to act-dd- And if we do act, in however small a way, we dont have to wait for some grand Utopian future-dd- The future is an infinite succession of presents, and to live now as we think human beings should live, in defiance of all that is bad around us, is itself a marvelous victory-dd- Howard Zinn . I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided, and that is the lamp of experience-dd- I know no way of judging of the future but by the past-dd- Edward Gibbon . We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future-dd- George Bernard Shaw . The main thing history can teach us is that human actions have consequences and that certain choices, once made, cannot be undone-dd- They foreclose the possibility of making other choices and thus they determine future events-dd- Gerda Lerner . Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow-dd- Melody Beattie . The present is the past rolled up for action, and the past is the present unrolled for understanding-dd- Will Durant . People are always shouting they want to create a better future-dd- Its not true-dd- The future is an apathetic void of no interest to anyone-dd- The past is full of life, eager to irritate us, provoke and insult us, tempt us to destroy or repaint it-dd- The only reason people want to be masters of the future is to change the past-dd- Milan Kundera . In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future-dd- Alex Haley . A generation which ignores history has no past  and no future-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . You cant live in history-dd- Youve got to build for the future-dd- Ruud Gullit . One faces the future with ones past-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . History is always changing-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . You cant be a full participant in our democracy if you dont know our history-dd- David McCullough . The charm of history and its enigmatic lesson consist in the fact that, from age to age, nothing changes and yet everything is completely different-dd- Aldous Huxley . There is at least one point in the history of any company when you have to change dramatically to rise to the next level of performance-dd- Miss that moment  and you start to decline-dd- Andy Grove . People say history is boring, and that is true because people are boring-dd- We havent changed since time began-dd- Were still the same-dd- Weve obviously made some changes-dd- Colin Hay . Humanity has experienced many revolutionary changes over the course of history: revolutions in agriculture, in science, industrial production, as well as numerous political revolutions-dd- But these have all been limited to the external aspects of our individual and collective lives-dd- Daisaku Ikeda . I truly believe that individuals can make a difference in society-dd- Since periods of change such as the present one come so rarely in human history, it is up to each of us to make the best use of our time to help create a happier world-dd- Dalai Lama . We live in an era with no historical precedents-dd- History is no longer useful as a tool in helping us understand current changes-dd- Doug Coupland . Debate and divergence of views can only enrich our history and culture-dd- Ibrahim Babangida . Regrets are idle; yet history is one long regret-dd- Everything might have turned out so differently-dd- Charles Dudley Warner . I know of no time in human history where ignorance was better than knowledge-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . Wisely used history can give pleasure and provide us with a useful tool; but we should not become its slaves-dd- Douglas Hurd . The charm of history and its enigmatic lesson consist in the fact that, from age to age, nothing changes and yet everything is completely different-dd- Aldous Huxley . There are constant cycles in history-dd- There is loss, but it is always followed by regeneration-dd- The tales of our elders who remember such cycles are very important to us now-dd- Carmen Agra Deedy . Hegel was right when he said that we learn from history that man can never learn anything from history-dd- George Bernard Shaw . If history repeats itself, and the unexpected always happens, how incapable must Man be of learning from experience-dd- George Bernard Shaw . What experience and history teach is this  that people and governments never have learned anything from history, or acted on principles-dd- George Wilhelm Hegel . One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say-dd- Will Durant . That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons that history has to teach-dd- Aldous Huxley . Dont dwell on what happened, no matter how bad it was-dd- Find something else to do-dd- Find something to do to help others-dd- Ruth Handler . Man seems to insist on ignoring the lessons available from history-dd- Norman Borlaug . History has repeated itself many times throughout the ages-dd- Billy Sheehan . History repeats itself, and thats one of the things thats wrong with history-dd- Clarence Darrow . Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it-dd- George Santayana . Those who dont know history are destined to repeat it-dd- Edmund Burke . Were doomed to repeat the past no matter what-dd- Thats what it is to be alive-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Learn from history or youre doomed to repeat it-dd- Jesse Ventura . What we do about history matters-dd- The often repeated saying that those who forget the lessons of history are doomed to repeat them has a lot of truth in it-dd- But what are the lessons of history-qq- The very attempt at definition furnishes ground for new conflicts-dd- History is not a recipe book; past events are never replicated in the present in quite the same way-dd- Historical events are infinitely variable and their interpretations are a constantly shifting process-dd- There are no certainties to be found in the past-dd- Gerda Lerner . It is the soothing thing about history that it does repeat itself-dd- Gertrude Stein . Our ignorance of history causes us to slander our own times-dd- Gustave Flaubert . I have always been  I think any student of history almost inevitably is  a cheerful pessimist-dd- Jacques Barzun . History is a cyclic poem written by time upon the memories of man-dd- Percy Bysshe Shelley . History repeats itself, which is good because most people dont listen the first time-dd- . History doesnt repeat itself  at best it sometimes rhymes-dd- Mark Twain . Every time history repeats itself the price goes up-dd- Ronald Wright . The majority see the obstacles; the few see the objectives; history records the successes of the latter, while oblivion is the reward of the former-dd- Alfred A-dd- Montapert . Throughout history, great leaders have known the power of humor-dd- Allen Klein . Value people on their potential, not on their history-dd- Bo Bennett . I love history because when you strip away the social and political aspects, its really just a bunch of fun stories-dd- Duff Goldman . A political theory seeks to find from history the limits of the politically possible-dd- Francis Parker Yockey . All the ills of mankind, all the tragic misfortunes that fill the history books, all the political blunders, all the failures of the great leaders have arisen merely from a lack of skill at dancing-dd- Moliere . We should be wary of politicians who profess to follow history while only noticing those signposts of history that point in the direction which they themselves already favour-dd- Douglas Hurd . History suggests that capitalism is a necessary condition for political freedom-dd- Milton Friedman . Few men in our history have ever obtained the Presidency by planning to obtain it-dd- James A-dd- Garfield . History is a tool used by politicians to justify their intentions-dd- Ted Koppel . History, like God, is watching what we do-dd- Bono . The view of Jerusalem is the history of the world; it is more, it is the history of earth and of heaven-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . I have offended God and Mankind, by doing so little with my life-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Religion is part of the human make-up-dd- Its also part of our cultural and intellectual history-dd- Religion was our first attempt at literature, the texts, our first attempt at cosmology, making sense of where we are in the universe, our first attempt at health care, believing in faith healing, our first attempt at philosophy-dd- Christopher Hitchens . God has never, in the history of mankind, allowed his name to go long offended-dd- David Wilkerson . This only is denied to God: the power to undo the past-dd- Agathon . God will use whatever he wants to display his glory-dd- Heavens and stars-dd- History and nations-dd- People and problems-dd- Max Lucado . Im not one of those who wants to purge our society of our Christian history-dd- Richard Dawkins . God cannot alter the past, though historians can-dd- Samuel Butler . All history is current; all injustice continues on some level, somewhere in the world-dd- Alice Walker . Historically, unfortunately, race seems to be the major division that humanity has imposed on itself, a way of subdividing into smaller groups-dd- David Mitchell . Wherever you go in the history of America, there have been Black people making contributions, but their contributions have been obscured, lost, buried-dd- Henry Louis Gates . Hes right, X is not my real name, but if you study history youll find why no black man in the western hemisphere knows his real name-dd- Some of his ancestors kidnapped our ancestors from Africa, and took us into the western hemisphere and sold us there-dd- And our names were stripped from us and so today we dont know who we really are-dd- I am one of those who admit it and so I just put X up there to keep from wearing his name-dd- Malcolm X . Im not convinced that women have the education or the sense of their own history enough or that they understand the cruelty of which men are capable and the delight that many men will take in seeing you choose to chain yourself  then they get to say See, you did it yourself-dd- Alice Walker . Black History Month must be more than just a month of remembrance; it should be a tribute to our history and reminder of the work that lies in the months and years ahead-dd- Marty Meehan . I do consider myself part of black history-dd- Mary J-dd- Blige . For Africa to me is more than a glamorous fact-dd- It is a historical truth-dd- No man can know where he is going unless he knows exactly where he has been and exactly how he arrived at his present place-dd- Maya Angelou . I would encourage us all, African Americans, Asians, Latinos, Whites, Native Americans to study history-dd- I long for the time when all the human history is taught as one history-dd- I am stronger because you are stronger-dd- I am weaker if you are weak-dd- So we are more alike than we are unlike-dd- Maya Angelou . You may not always have a comfortable life and you will not always be able to solve all of the worlds problems at once but dont ever underestimate the importance you can have because history has shown us that courage can be contagious and hope can take on a life of its own-dd- Michelle Obama . The thing about black history is that the truth is so much more complex than anything you could make up-dd- Henry Louis Gates . The history of the past is but one long struggle upward to equality-dd- Elizabeth Cady Stanton . Well behaved women rarely make history-dd- Laurel Thatcher Ulrich . Great woman belong to history and to self sacrifice-dd- Leigh Hunt . The prolonged slavery of women is the darkest page in human history-dd- Elizabeth Cady Stanton . I look forward to a time, in the not so distant future, when we no longer look forward to firsts as milestones women have yet to achieve, but we look back on them as historic events that continue to teach and inspire-dd- Dee Dee Myers . Generally speaking, historically in this country, the care of a child has been thought of as female business-dd- Eddie Bernice Johnson . We are the only class in history that has been left to fight its battles alone, unaided by the ruling powers-dd- White labor and the freed black men had their champions, but where are ours-qq- Elizabeth Cady Stanton . We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men and women are created equal-dd- Elizabeth Cady Stanton . Women are the only exploited group in history to have been idealized into powerlessness-dd- Erica Jong . The happiest women, like the happiest nations, have no history-dd- George Eliot . It is fair to assume that when women in the past have achieved even a second or third place in the ranks of genius they have shown far more native ability than men have needed to reach the same eminence-dd- Not excused from the more general duties that constitute the cement of society, most women of talent have had but one hand free with which to work out their ideal conceptions-dd- Anna Garlin Spencer . The history of all times, and of today especially, teaches that women will be forgotten if they forget to think about themselves-dd- Louise Otto . The history of woman is the history of the continued and universal oppression of one sex by the other-dd- The emancipation of woman is her restoration to equal rights and privileges with man-dd- Tennesse Claflin . The history of mens opposition to womens emancipation is more interesting perhaps than the story of that emancipation itself-dd- Virginia Woolf . I think feminists are unaware of the tremendous extent of the role of women in history-dd- Vivienne Westwood . Look at history; all the interesting women were deeply flawed-dd- Linda Gray . For most of history, Anonymous was a woman-dd- Virginia Woolf . Rosa sat so Martin could walk, Martin walked so Barack could run, Barack ran so we all can fly-dd- Unknown . The historical problem of the United States is to admit that it is a multiracial and multi-ethnic nation-dd- Carlos Fuentes . The United States has written the white history of the United States-dd- It now needs to write the black, Latino, Indian, Asian and Caribbean history of the United States-dd- Carlos Fuentes . Let me tell you, never before in the history of this planet has anybody made the progress that African-Americans have made in a 30-year period, in spite of many black folks and white folks lying to one another-dd- Dick Gregory . Americas growth historically has been fueled mostly by investment, education, productivity, innovation and immigration-dd- The one thing that doesnt seem to have anything to do with Americas growth rate is a brutal work schedule-dd- Fareed Zakaria . America is the only nation in history which miraculously has gone directly from barbarism to degeneration without the usual interval of civilization-dd- Georges Clemenceau . American history contains much matter for pride and congratulation, and much matter for regret and humiliation-dd- Herbert Croly . I am passionately interested in understanding how my country works-dd- And if you want to know about this thing called the United States of America you have to know about the Civil War-dd- Ken Burns . American history is longer, larger, more various, more beautiful, and more terrible than anything anyone has ever said about it-dd- James Baldwin . America is one of the best examples, when you read its history, about extremism-dd- Malcolm X . In other countries they have histories with revolutions and class movements-dd- In America, people dont like to think of themselves like being in a lower class-dd- They all like to think of themselves as potential millionaires-dd- Matt Taibbi . The American flag is the symbol of our freedom, national pride and history-dd- Mike Fitzpatrick . For most of our history, no one dared to tell Americans, you dont build that-dd- Rand Paul . Certain periods in history suddenly lift humanity to an observation point where a clear light falls upon a world previously dark-dd- Anne Sullivan . I believe that with every bone in my body that all the inventions of humans, the computer is going to rank near, if not at the top, as history unfolds and we look back-dd- Steve Jobs . History is formed by the people, those who have power and those without power-dd- Each one of us makes history-dd- Anselm Kiefer . One truth stands firm-dd- All that happens in world history rests on something spiritual-dd- If the spiritual is strong, it creates world history-dd- If it is weak, it suffers world history-dd- Albert Schweitzer . The history of the world shows that peoples and societies do not have to pass through a fixed series of stages in the course of development-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Our culture, language, history, and values are vital to uniting us as a nation-dd- Bobby Jindal . Every era has its defining struggle and the fate of Africa is one of ours-dd- Its not the only one, but in the history books its easily going to make the top five, what we did or what we did not do-dd- Bono . Its an amazing thing to think that ours is the first generation in history that really can end extreme poverty, the kind that means a child dies for lack of food in its belly-dd- Bono . Barcelona is a very old city in which you can feel the weight of history; it is haunted by history-dd- You cannot walk around it without perceiving it-dd- Carlos Ruiz Zafon . The haunting of history is ever present in Barcelona-dd- I see cities as organisms, as living creatures-dd- To me, Madrid is a man and Barcelona is a woman-dd- And its a woman whos extremely vain-dd- Carlos Ruiz Zafon . History is indeed little more than the register of the crimes, follies, and misfortunes of mankind-dd- Edward Gibbon . History in its broadest aspect is a record of mans migrations from one environment to another-dd- Ellsworth Huntington . I think violence, cynicism, brutality and fashion are the staples of our diet-dd- I think in the grand history of story-telling, going back to people sitting around fires, the dark side of human nature has always been very important-dd- Eric Stoltz . The history of the world is none other than the progress of the consciousness of freedom-dd- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel . A thoughtful mind, when it sees a Nations flag, sees not the flag only, but the Nation itself; and whatever may be its symbols, its insignia, he reads chiefly in the flag the Government, the principles, the truths, the history which belongs to the Nation that sets it forth-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . A drop of water, if it could write out its own history, would explain the universe to us-dd- Lucy Larcom . The people, and the people alone, are the motive force in the making of world history-dd- Mao Zedong . Classes struggle, some classes triumph, others are eliminated-dd- Such is history; such is the history of civilization for thousands of years-dd- Mao Zedong . Democracy is but an experiment in the long history of the world-dd- Mark McKinnon . The history of our race, and each individuals experience, are sown thick with evidence that a truth is not hard to kill and that a lie told well is immortal-dd- Mark Twain . The history of mankind is a history of war-dd- Mike Love . The history of mankind is the history of ideas-dd- Luigi Pirandello . The slightest acquaintance with history shows that powerful republics are the most warlike and unscrupulous of nations-dd- Ambrose Bierce . The more the history of the World War and what led up to it is studied, the more clearly those tragic years become revealed as a vast collapse of civilization-dd- Arthur Henderson . History is filled with tragic examples of wars that result from diplomatic impasse-dd- Whether in our local communities or in international relations, the skillful use of our communicative capacities to negotiate and resolve differences is the first evidence of human wisdom-dd- Daisaku Ikeda . I dont want to go down in history as a man who allowed blood to be shed-dd- Eduard Shevardnadze . The history of our civilization has been one of intermittent war-dd- John Boyd Orr . In all history there is no war which was not hatched by the governments, the governments alone, independent of the interests of the people, to whom war is always pernicious even when successful-dd- Leo Tolstoy . This war is not necessary-dd- We are truly sleepwalking through history-dd- Robert Byrd . In the last 3,421 years of recorded history only 268 have seen no war-dd- Will Durant . I go into my library and all history unrolls before me-dd- Alexander Smith . To understand a science, it is necessary to know its history-dd- Auguste Comte . To a historian libraries are food, shelter, and even muse-dd- Barbara Tuchman . Unlike any other time in our history, we have to know that staying in school and getting an education is the most important thing you can do-dd- Alexis Herman . More people are reading poetry now than at any time in the history of the human race-dd- Andrew Motion . There are so many times and places in history in our world that I just dont know anything about, and when I learn about them theyre always fascinating-dd- Andrew Stanton . Reading a book is like re-writing it for yourself-dd- You bring to a novel, anything you read, all your experience of the world-dd- You bring your history and you read it in your own terms-dd- Angela Carter . I love history-dd- I love art-dd- I like to mix it all together, but in the end it somehow has to all make sense-dd- Anna Sui . Literature overtakes history, for literature gives you more than one life-dd- It expands experience and opens new opportunities to readers-dd- Carlos Fuentes . A little library, growing every year, is an honorable part of a mans history-dd- It is a mans duty to have books-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . I love studying Ancient History and seeing how empires rise and fall, sowing the seeds of their own destruction-dd- Martin Scorsese . A library is the delivery room for the birth of ideas, a place where history comes to life-dd- Norman Cousins . If history were taught in the form of stories, it would never be forgotten-dd- Rudyard Kipling . If you dont know history, it is as if you were born yesterday-dd- Howard Zinn . No matter who you are or what you look like, how you started off, or how and who you love, America is a place where you can write your own destiny-dd- Barack Obama . The long sweep of America has been defined by forward motion, a constant widening of our founding creed to embrace all and not just some-dd- Barack Obama . Nowhere is it ordained that history moves in a straight line-dd- Barack Obama . As it has for more than two centuries, progress will come in fits and starts-dd- Its not always a straight line-dd- Its not always a smooth path-dd- Barack Obama . History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . Neither a wise man nor a brave man lies down on the tracks of history to wait for the train of the future to run over him-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . The history of free men is never really written by chance but by choice; their choice-xx- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . Things have never been more like the way they are today in history-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . Remember, remember always, that all of us, and you and I especially, are descended from immigrants and revolutionists-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Americans are rising to the tasks of history, and they expect the same of us-dd- George W-dd- Bush . History is moving, and it will tend toward hope, or tend toward tragedy-dd- George W-dd- Bush . Now, there are some who would like to rewrite history  revisionist historians is what I like to call them-dd- George W-dd- Bush . The marvel of all history is the patience with which men and women submit to burdens unnecessarily laid upon them by their governments-dd- George Washington . There is nothing new in the world except the history you do not know-dd- Harry S-dd- Truman . Men make history and not the other way around-dd- In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still-dd- Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better-dd- Harry S-dd- Truman . Study men, not historians-dd- Harry S-dd- Truman . Nixon is one of the few in the history of this country to run for high office talking out of both sides of his mouth at the same time and lying out of both sides-dd- Harry S-dd- Truman . The greatest honor history can bestow is that of peacemaker-dd- Richard M-dd- Nixon . Europe will never be like America-dd- Europe is a product of history-dd- America is a product of philosophy-dd- Margaret Thatcher . Few will have the greatness to bend history itself; but each of us can work to change a small portion of events, and in the total of all those acts will be written the history of this generation-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . History teaches that wars begin when governments believe the price of aggression is cheap-dd- Ronald Reagan . History, in general, only informs us of what bad government is-dd- Thomas Jefferson . I like dreams of the future better than the history of the past-dd- Thomas Jefferson . My reading of history convinces me that most bad government results from too much government-dd- Thomas Jefferson . History is written by the victors-dd- Winston Churchill . History will be kind to me for I intend to write it-dd- Winston Churchill . Study history, study history-dd- In history lies all the secrets of statecraft-dd- Winston Churchill . The whole history of the world is summed up in the fact that, when nations are strong, they are not always just, and when they wish to be just, they are no longer strong-dd- Winston Churchill . The flag is the embodiment, not of sentiment, but of history-dd- Woodrow Wilson . The history of liberty is a history of resistance-dd- Woodrow Wilson . Study the past if you would define the future-dd- Confucius . Life, if well lived, is long enough-dd- Seneca . The two most powerful warriors are patience and time-dd- Leo Tolstoy . The present time has one advantage over every other  it is our own-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind-dd- Nathaniel Hawthorne . Life isnt a matter of milestones, but of moments-dd- Rose Kennedy . Every second is of infinite value-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The future has a way of arriving unannounced-dd- George F-dd- Will . Whether its the best of times or the worst of times, its the only time weve got-dd- Art Buchwald . You will never find time for anything-dd- If you want time you must make it-dd- Charles Buxton . Enjoy yourself-dd- Its later than you think-dd- Chinese proverb . Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time-dd- Marthe Troly-Curtin . Dont wait-dd- The time will never be just right-dd- Napoleon Hill . How we spend our days, is, of course, how we spend our lives-dd- Annie Dillard . A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life-dd- Charles Darwin . Your time is limited, so dont waste it living someone elses life-dd- Steve Jobs . Waste no more time arguing about what a good person should be-dd- Be one-dd- Marcus Aurelius . To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else-dd- Emily Dickinson . It is not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste a lot of it-dd- Seneca (On The Shortness Of Life) . We should always allow some time to elapse, for time discloses the truth-dd- Seneca . The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately-dd- Seneca . As if you could kill time without injuring eternity-dd- Henry David Thoreau . We feast on time as time feasts on us-dd- Maria Popova . Do we need more time-qq- Or do we need to be more disciplined with the time we have-qq- Kerry Johnson . People often complain about lack of time when lack of direction is the real problem-dd- Zig Ziglar . Until you value yourself, you wont value your time-dd- Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . I recommend you take care of the minutes and the hours will take care of themselves-dd- Earl of Chesterfield . Time is what we want most, but what we use worst-dd- William Penn . Ordinary people think merely of spending time, great people think of using it-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Dost thou love life-qq- Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Relentlessly prune bullshit, dont wait to do things that matter, and savor the time you have-dd- Thats what you do when life is short-dd- Paul Graham . Time is the coin of your life-dd- It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent-dd- Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you-dd- Carl Sandburg . Shard by shard we are released from the tyranny of so-called time-dd- Patti Smith . We go back and forth between being times master and its victim-dd- James Gleick . Your time is your life-dd- That is why the greatest gift you can give someone is your time-dd- Rich Warren . Lack of time is actually lack of priorities-dd- Tim Ferriss (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know whats yours-xx-) . Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished-dd- Lao Tzu . Time is the devourer of everything-dd- Ovid . I never think of the future  it comes soon enough-dd- Albert Einstein . The only reason for time is so that everything doesnt happen at once-dd- Albert Einstein . Lost wealth may be replaced by industry, lost knowledge by study, lost health by temperance or medicine, but lost time is gone forever-dd- Samuel Smiles . Life is long enough, and a sufficiently generous amount has been given to us for the highest achievements if it were all well invested-dd- Seneca . You can have it all-dd- Just not all at once-dd- Oprah Winfrey . The time is always right to do what is right-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Lost time is never found again-dd- Benjamin Franklin . You may delay, but time will not-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Never leave till tomorrow which you can do today-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Truth alone will endure, all the rest will be swept away before the tide of time-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . I have been impressed with the urgency of doing-dd- Knowing is not enough; we must apply-dd- Being willing is not enough; we must do-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . It is looking at things for a long time that ripens you and gives you a deeper meaning-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . Yesterday is gone-dd- Tomorrow has not yet come-dd- We have only today-dd- Let us begin-dd- Mother Teresa . The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago-dd- The second best time is now-dd- Chinese proverb . All great achievements require time-dd- Maya Angelou . There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony-dd- There is time for work-dd- And time for love-dd- That leaves no other time-dd- Coco Chanel . We must use time creatively, and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right-dd- Nelson Mandela . Time is really the only capital that any human being has, and the only thing he cant afford to lose-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them-dd- Henry Ford . The years teach much which the days never know-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . We must use time as a tool, not as a couch-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Better three hours too soon than a minute too late-dd- William Shakespeare . The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Time is money-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Forever is composed of nows-dd- Emily Dickinson . Time is long but life is short-dd- Stevie Wonder . I dont have time is just saying its not a priority-dd- Naval Ravikant . Time is a construction of our consciousness-dd- Maria Popova . If one has no time, one has also lost oneself-dd- Marc Wittmann . To choose time, is to save time-dd- Francis Bacon . Too often too late comes too soon-dd- Dr-dd- SunWolf . Things change, and time is how we keep track-dd- James Gleick . Time isnt the main thing-dd- Its the only thing-dd- Miles Davis . Time brings all things to pass-dd- Aeschylus . Time is the fire in which we burn-dd- Gene Roddenberry . Time is the wisest counselor of all-dd- Pericles . Time is non-refundable, use it with intention-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Live your own life by a compass not a clock-dd- Unknown . Everything gets better with time-dd- Unknown . Give yourself time-dd- Unknown . Time is a drug; too much of it kills you-dd- Terry Pratchett . Only time can heal what reason cannot-dd- Seneca . Whatever begins, also ends-dd- Seneca . Time itself comes in drops-dd- William James . In time and with water, everything changes-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Time stays long enough for those who use it-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . The bad news is time flies-dd- The good news is youre the pilot-dd- Michael Altshuler . No time like the present-dd- Mrs-dd- Manley . Time is an illusion-dd- Albert Einstein . Time is an illusion-dd- Lunchtime doubly so-dd- Douglas Adams . Time will explain-dd- Jane Austen . In such seconds of decision entire futures are made-dd- Dan Simmons . Light tomorrow with today-xx- Elizabeth Barrett Browning . The time for action is now-dd- Its never too late to do something-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, youll never get it done-dd- Bruce Lee . Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn-dd- Harriet Beecher Stowe . Determine never to be idle-dd- No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any-dd- It is wonderful how much can be done if we are always doing-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Lost, yesterday, somewhere between Sunrise and Sunset, two golden hours, each set with sixty diamond minutes-dd- No reward is offered, for they are gone forever-dd- Horace Mann . Mental time-travel is one of the greatest gifts of the mind-dd- It makes us human, and it makes us special-dd- Claudia Hammond . You cannot always wait for the perfect time-dd- Sometimes you must dare to jump-dd- Unknown . Once you have mastered time, you will understand how true it is that most people overestimate what they can accomplish in a year  and underestimate what they can achieve in a decade-xx- Tony Robbins . If time and reason are functions of each other, if we are creatures of time, then we had better know it, and try to make the best of it-dd- To act responsibly-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . I dont think it is possible to contribute to the present moment in any meaningful way while being wholly engulfed by it-dd- It is only by stepping out of it, by taking a telescopic perspective, that we can then dip back in and do the work which our time asks of us-dd- Maria Popova . You must match times swiftness with your speed in using it, and you must drink quickly as though from a rapid stream that will not always flow-dd- Seneca . An hour, once it lodges in the queer element of the human spirit, may be stretched to fifty or a hundred times its clock length-dd- Virginia Woolf . The perfect time to do what you love is now-dd- Neil Strauss . If you want to make good use of your time, youve got to know whats most important and then give it all youve got-dd- Lee Iacocca . Dont let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it-dd- The time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use-dd- Earl Nightingale . Much may be done in those little shreds and patches of time which every day produces, and which most men throw away-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Time is your most important resource-dd- You can do so much in ten minutes-dd- Ingvar Kamprad . Realize that now, in this moment of time, you are creating-dd- You are creating your next moment-dd- That is whats real-dd- Sara Paddison . Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago-dd- Warren Buffett . Theres never enough time to do all the nothing you want-dd- Bill Watterson . Who knows where the time goes-qq- Nina Simone . How did it get so late so soon-qq- Dr-dd- Seuss . Time-xx- The corrector when our judgments err-dd- Lord Byron . I love deadlines-dd- I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by-dd- Douglas Adams . Across the morning sky, all the birds are leaving-dd- How can they know that its time to go-qq- Nina Simone . Pretend to be good all the time, and even God will be fooled-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Never put off till tomorrow what you can do day after tomorrow just as well-dd- Mark Twain . If it werent for the last minute, nothing would get done-dd- Rita Mae Brown . Wasting time is something that people do or feel all over the world, not just in Italy-dd- Paolo Sorrentino . Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time-dd- Steven Wright . Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana-dd- Groucho Marx . I would have written a shorter letter, but I did not have the time-dd- Mark Twain . Ive been on a calendar, but never on time-dd- Marilyn Monroe . If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace-dd- Thomas Paine . No man is quick enough to enjoy life to the full-dd- Spanish proverb . Who controls the past, controls the future: who controls the present controls the past-dd- George Orwell . Those who make the worst use of their time are the first to complain of its shortness-dd- Jean de la Bruyere . Time is: too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear-dd- Henry Van Dyke . Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them-dd- Dion Boucicault . You are a product of how you spend your time-dd- Sunday Adelaja . Time is probably the most incomprehensible, mysterious, destructive and illusory phenomenon in the world-dd- The Ancient Sage . Time is the substance I am made of-dd- Time is a river which sweeps me along, but I am the river; it is a tiger which destroys me, but I am the tiger; it is a fire which consumes me, but I am the fire-dd- Jorge Luis Borges . Both in thought and in feeling, even though time be real, to realise the unimportance of time is the gate of wisdom-dd- Bertrand Russell . Time isnt precious at all, because it is an illusion-dd- What you perceive as precious is not time but the one point that is out of time: the Now-dd- That is precious indeed-dd- The more you are focused on timepast and futurethe more you miss the Now, the most precious thing there is-dd- Eckhart Tolle . To save time, stop looking for shortcuts-dd- Shane Parrish (See also: 10 Ways To Save Time Every Day) . In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . You are living as if destined to live for ever; your own frailty never occurs to you; you dont notice how much time has already passed, but squander it as though you had a full and overflowing supply  though all the while that very day which you are devoting to somebody or something may be your last-dd- Seneca (On The Shortness Of Life) . Nobody works out the value of time: men use it lavishly as if it cost nothing We have to be more careful in preserving what will cease at an unknown point-dd- Seneca . The moment is not properly an atom of time but an atom of eternity-dd- It is the first reflection of eternity in time, its first attempt, as it were, at stopping time-dd- Sren Kierkegaard . Time  particularly our experience of it as a continuity of successive moments  is a cognitive illusion rather than an inherent feature of the universe, a construction of human consciousness and perhaps the very hallmark of human consciousness-dd- Maria Popova . My past is everything I failed to be-dd- Fernando Pessoa . We may be born alone, but childhood ends with a synchrony of clocks, as we lend ourselves fully to the contagion of time-dd- Alan Burdick . Timelessness  in the sense of time never ending, never beginning  is a stagnant nothing-dd- Thomas Mann . Time is a brisk wind, for each hour it brings something new but who can understand and measure its sharp breath, its mystery and its design-qq- Paracelsus . Is there anything we know more intimately than the fleetingness of time, the transience of each and every moment-qq- Rebecca Goldstein . Time is a dictator, as we know it-dd- Where does it go-qq- What does it do-qq- Most of all, is it alive-qq- Is it a thing that we cannot touch and is it alive-qq- Nina Simone . Reality is never and nowhere more accessible than in the immediate moment of ones own life-dd- Franz Kafka . Time is a feature of creation, and the creator remains apart from it, transcendent over it-dd- James Gleick . The finest workers in stone are not copper or steel tools, but the gentle touches of air and water working at their leisure with a liberal allowance of time-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Time is a gift that most of us take for granted-dd- Cheryl Richardson . Patience and time do more than strength or passion-dd- Jean de La Fontaine . The wisest are the most annoyed at the loss of time-dd- Dante Alighieri . Time is the ultimate currency and I should have been more tight fisted with it-dd- Naval Ravikant . Do everything you were going to do, but with less angst, less suffering, less emotion-dd- Everything takes time-dd- Naval Ravikant . Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely-dd- Auguste Rodin . Who forces time is pushed back by time; who yields to time finds time on his side-dd- The Talmud . Time is generally the best doctor-dd- Ovid . Time is free, but its priceless-dd- You cant own it, but you can use it-dd- You cant keep it, but you can spend it-dd- Once youve lost it, you can never get it back-dd- Harvey Mackay . People are frugal in guarding their personal property; but as soon as it comes to squandering time they are most wasteful of the one thing in which it is right to be stingy-dd- Seneca (On The Shortness Of Life) . Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others-dd- Unknown . The best thing about time passing is the privilege of running out of it, of watching the wave of mortality break over me and everyone I know-dd--dd- Sarah Manguso . To man, time is given like a piece of land, as it were, entrusted to him for faithful tilling; a space in which to strive incessantly, achieve self-realization, move onward and upward-dd- Thomas Mann . Time is the cruelest teacher; first she gives the test, then teaches the lesson-dd- Leonard Bernstein . We will never have total control over this extraordinary dimension-dd- Time will warp and confuse and baffle and entertain however much we learn about its capacities-dd- Claudia Hammond . Time is not only at the heart of the way we organize life, but the way we experience it-dd- Claudia Hammond . The more we learn, the more we can shape it to our will and destiny-dd- Claudia Hammond . We can slow it down or speed it up-dd- We can hold on to the past more securely and predict the future more accurately-dd- Claudia Hammond . Presence means becoming aware of a physical and psychic self that is temporally extended-dd- To be self-conscious is to recognize oneself as something that persists through time and is embodied-dd- Marc Wittmann . The importance of time is rather practical than theoretical, rather in relation to our desires than in relation to truth-dd- Bertrand Russell . Time flows in the same way for all human beings; every human being flows through time in a different way-dd- Yasunari Kawabata . The key is in not spending time, but in investing it-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Time = Life, Therefore, waste your time and waste of your life, or master your time and master your life-dd- Alan Lakein . Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday-dd- Dale Carnegie . You dont find the time to do things  you make the time to do things-dd- Debbie Millman . Here we are, trapped in the amber of the moment-dd- There is no why-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Time is a game played beautifully by children-dd- Heraclitus . Why should we live with such hurry and waste of life-qq- Henry David Thoreau . For the present is the point at which time touches eternity-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . The right time is any time that one is still so lucky as to have-dd- Henry James . My favorite things in life dont cost any money-dd- Its really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time-dd- Steve Jobs . The greatest obstacle to living is expectancy, which hangs upon tomorrow and loses today-dd- Seneca . They lose the day in expectation of the night, and the night in fear of the dawn-dd- Seneca . Life happens too fast for you ever to think about it-dd- If you could just persuade people of this, but they insist on amassing information-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Since time is the one immaterial object which we cannot influence neither speed up nor slow down add to nor diminish it is an imponderable valuable gift-dd- Maya Angelou . Did you make someone smile today-qq- Youve still got time-dd- Melissa Stewart . We get such a kick out of looking forward to pleasures and rushing ahead to meet them that we cant slow down enough to enjoy them when they come-dd- Alan Watts . We construct the experience of time in our minds, so it follows that we are able to change the elements we find troubling  whether its trying to stop the years racing past, or speeding up time when were stuck in a queue, trying to live more in the present, or working out how long ago we last saw our old friends-dd- Claudia Hammond . Time cant be measured in days the way money is measured in pesos and centavos, because all pesos are equal, while every day, perhaps every hour, is different-dd- Jorge Luis Borges . Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . A simple definition of life: The chance youve been waiting for-dd- Robert Brault . Life is a flash of lightning in the dark of night-dd- It is a brief time of tremendous potential-dd- B-dd- Alan Wallace . A good holiday is one spent among people whose notions of time are vaguer than yours-dd- John B-dd- Priestly . There are no secrets that time does not reveal-dd- Jean Racine . Perhaps all anxiety might derive from a fixation on moments  an inability to accept life as ongoing-dd- Sarah Manguso . Time passes, and little by little everything that we have spoken in falsehood becomes true-dd- Marcel Proust . Reality is a question of perspective; the further you get from the past, the more concrete and plausible it seems  but as you approach the present, it inevitably seems incredible-dd- Salman Rushdie . Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save-dd- Will Rogers . We ask for long life, but tis deep life, or grand moments that signify-dd- Let the measure of time be spiritual, not mechanical-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Enjoy life-dd- Theres plenty of time to be dead-dd- Hans Christian Anderson . No use thinking of the past for its gone, dont think of the future because it has to come, think of the present because thats where you are-dd- Kazi Shams . Time ripens all things; with time all things are revealed; time is the father of truth-dd- Francois Rabelais . Time is the wisest of all things that are, for it brings everything to light-dd- Thales . For those who love time is eternity-dd- Henry Van Dyke . Come out of the circle of time and into the circle of love-dd- Rumi . One day spent with someone you love can change everything-dd- Mitch Albom . Being with you and not being with you is the only way I have to measure time-dd- Jorge Luis Borges . I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . Love is the emblem of eternity; it confounds all notion of time; effaces all memory of a beginning, all fear of an end-dd- Madame de Stael . Love vanquishes time-dd- To lovers, a moment can be eternity, eternity can be the tick of a clock-dd- Mary Parrish . I am not alone as long as my love is near me and I know it will be so till its time to go-dd- All through the winter, until the birds return in spring again I do not fear the time-dd- Nina Simone . Be careful who you make memories with-dd- Those things can last a lifetime-dd- Ugo Eze . Your time is way too valuable to be wasting on people that cant accept who you are-dd- Turcois Ominek . Respect people who find time for you in their busy schedule, but love people who never look at their schedule when you need them-dd- Unknown . We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love-dd- Tom Robbins . The most fucked up joke life can play on you is letting you meet the right person at the wrong time-dd- Unknown . No relationship is a waste of time-dd- The wrong ones teach you the lessons that prepare you for the right one-dd- Unknown . Sometimes your heart needs more time to accept what your mind already knows-dd- Unknown . Each time you love, love as deeply as if it were forever  only, nothing is eternal-dd- Audre Lorde . Love seems the swiftest, but it is the slowest of all growths-dd- No man or woman really knows what perfect love is until they have been married a quarter of a century-dd- Mark Twain . Theres only one thing more precious than our time and thats who we spend it on-dd- Leo Christopher . Time, which changes people, does not alter the image we have of them-dd- Marcel Proust . Its no good trying to keep up old friendships-dd- Its painful for both sides-dd- The fact is, one grows out of people, and the only thing is to face it-dd- W-dd- Somerset Maugham . Time is your most precious gift because you only have a set amount of it-dd- You can make more money, but you cant make more time-dd- When you give someone your time, you are giving them a portion of your life that youll never get back-dd- Rich Warren . You might fall in love instantly, but you dont love instantly Love takes time-dd- Sissy Gavrilaki . Time doesnt take away from friendship, nor does separation-dd- Tennessee Williams . Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear-dd- John Lennon . In the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make-dd- Paul McCartney . Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone-dd- Alan Watts . Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop-dd- Ovid . Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom-dd- Francis Bacon . Alone time is the best time-dd- But it never seems that way when its happening, just after the fact-dd- Naval Ravikant . This silence, this moment, every moment, if its genuinely inside you, brings what you need-dd- Rumi . I live in that solitude which is painful in youth, but delicious in the years of maturity-dd- Albert Einstein . Almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes, including you-dd- Anne Lamott . Sometimes you need to step outside, get some air, and remind yourself of who you are and where you want to be-dd- And sometimes, you have to venture outside your world in order to find yourself-dd- Gossip Girl . Some of the most powerful times are when were quiet-dd- Michael W-dd- Smith . Solitude is the place of purification-dd- Martin Buber . Believe me, it is the sign of a great man, and one who is above human error, not to allow his time to be frittered away: he has the longest possible life simply because whatever time was available he devoted entirely to himself-dd- Seneca . You get to decide where your time goes-dd- You can either spend it moving forward, or you can spend it putting out fires-dd- You decide-dd- And if you dont decide, others will decide for you-dd- Tony Morgan . When was the last time you spent a quiet moment just doing nothing  just sitting and looking at the sea, or watching the wind blowing the tree limbs, or waves rippling on a pond, a flickering candle or children playing in the park-qq- Ralph Marston . The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude-dd- Aldous Huxley . The prayer offered to God in the morning during your quiet time is the key that unlocks the door of the day-dd- Any athlete knows that it is the start that ensures a good finish-dd- Adrian Rogers . The most important habit is solitude, quiet time-dd- People who enter their day by taking 45 minutes or an hour for themselves  meditation, prayer, inspirational reading, taking a walk  before they go for it in the real world do best-dd- Ken Blanchard . When you feel the need for a spiritual lift, try getting to bed early and get up early to have a quiet time at dawn-dd- Then carry the serene in tune feeling that comes to you into your day, no matter what you may be doing-dd- Peace Pilgrim . And now, Ill do whats best for me-dd- Unknown . In the laughing times we know that we are lucky, and in the quiet times we know that we are blessed-dd- And we will not be alone-dd- Dar Williams . I get clarity through quiet time, reflection, reading, and meditation-dd- Finding the space between thoughts gives me the energy to take on new challenges with enthusiasm-dd- Jaime Murray . There comes a time when the world gets quiet and the only thing left is your own heart-dd- So youd better learn the sound of it-dd- Otherwise youll never understand what its saying-dd- Sarah Dessen . All that is important comes in quietness and waiting-dd- Patrick Lindsay . Remember: the time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself-dd- Lifes cruelest irony-dd- Douglas Coupland . We need quiet time to examine our lives openly and honestly  spending quiet time alone gives your mind an opportunity to renew itself and create order-dd- Susan L-dd- Taylor . Time expands, then contracts, and in tune with the stirrings of the heart-dd- Haruki Murakami . Finding some quiet time in your life, I think, is hugely important-dd- Mariel Hemingway . Let us be silent  so we may hear the whisper of the gods-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Theres time enough, but none to spare-dd- Charles W-dd- Chesnutt . All our sweetest hours fly fastest-dd- Virgil . Life is short, and we should respect every moment of it-dd- Orhan Pamuk . Suspect each moment, for it is a thief, tiptoeing away with more than it brings-dd- John Updike . How do you suppose time works-qq- A slippery succession of long hours adding up to ever-shorter days and years that disappear like falling dominoes-qq- Dani Shapiro . And then, one day, you look in the mirror  youre old  and you say, Where does the time go-qq- Nina Simone . Enjoy every moment you have-dd- Because in life, there are no rewinds, only flashbacks-dd- Anmol Andore . The self and time prove to be especially present in boredom-dd- They go missing in the hustle and bustle of everyday life, which results from the acceleration of social processes-dd- Marc Wittmann . Through mindfulness and emotional control, the tempo of life that we experience can be reduced, and we can regain time for ourselves and others-dd- Marc Wittmann . Distracted by the obligations of everyday activities, we are no longer aware of ourselves Everything is done all at once, faster and faster, yet no personal balance or meaning can be found-dd- Marc Wittmann . Greater variety makes a given period of life expand in retrospect-dd- Life passes more slowly-dd- Marc Wittmann . If you want something, dont wish for it-dd- Life is too short to wait-dd- Stephen Hines . Begin doing what you want to do now-dd- We are not living in eternity-dd- We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand  and melting like a snowflake-dd- Francis Bacon . Life is too short, time is too precious, and the stakes are too high to dwell on what might have been-dd- Hilary Clinton . If one challenges oneself consistently, it pays off, over the years, as the feeling of having lived fully  and, most importantly, of having lived for a long time-dd- Marc Wittmann . If we take care of the moments, the years will take care of themselves-dd- Maria Edgeworth . We are not given a short life but we make it short, and we are not ill-supplied but wasteful of it-dd- Seneca . Life piles up so fast that I have no time to write out the equally fast rising mound of reflections-dd- Virginia Woolf . In a time of rapid change, standing still is the most dangerous course of action-dd- Brian Tracy . We have so much time and so little to do-dd- Strike that, reverse it-dd- Roald Dahl . Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not-dd- Stephen King . The busy man is never wise and the wise man is never busy-dd- Lin Yutang . A busy mind accelerates the perceived passage of time-dd- Buy more time by cultivating peace of mind-dd- Naval Ravikant . Of all ridiculous things the most ridiculous seems to me, to be busy  to be a man who is brisk about his food and his work-dd- Sren Kierkegaard . The time to relax is when you dont have time for it-dd- Jim Goodwin . Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing-dd- Lao Tzu . Little minds have little worries, big minds have no time for worries-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Life seems but a quick succession of busy nothings-dd- Jane Austen . Procrastination is the thief of time-dd- Edward Young . Beware the barrenness of a busy life-dd- Socrates . Is is not enough to be busy The question is: what are we busy about-qq- Henry David Thoreau . Quit saying you dont have time-dd- You have time for what you make time for in life-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . For disappearing acts, its hard to beat what happens to the eight hours supposedly left after eight of sleep and eight of work-dd- Doug Larson . The fact that you are even here, alive, on this planet is a mathematical miracle, and you should not spend the time that you have being busy being miserable-dd- Philip DeFranco . There is one kind of robber whom the law does not strike at, and who steals what is most precious to men: time-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . I dont care how busy I am  I will always make time for whats most important to me-dd- Kevin Hart . Dont get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life-dd- Dolly Parton . The innocent and the beautiful have no enemy but time-dd- William Butler Yeats . Time is the least thing we have of-dd- Ernest Hemingway . The past is never dead-dd- Its not even past-dd- William Faulkner . Time moves in one direction, memory in another-dd- William Gibson . The past beats inside me like a second heart-dd- John Banville . Memories warm you up from the inside-dd- But they also tear you apart-dd- Haruki Murakami . Time and memory are true artists; they remould reality nearer to the hearts desire-dd- John Dewey . Life is all memory except for the one present moment that goes by so quick you can hardly catch it going-dd- Tennessee Williams . It is the insertion of man with his limited life span that transforms the continuously flowing stream of sheer change into time as we know it-dd- Hannah Arendt . Change even one moment, the whole thing unravels There is no other life than this-dd- You would not have stumbled into the vastly imperfect, beautiful, impossible present-dd- Dani Shapiro . Nostalgia paints a smile on the stony face of the past-dd- Mason Cooley . Nostalgia is a seductive liar-dd- George Ball . This is a new year-dd- A new beginning-dd- And things will change-dd- Taylor Swift . No one will bring back the years; no one will restore you to yourself-dd- Life will follow the path it began to take, and will neither reverse nor check its course-dd- Seneca . Left alone in time, memories harden into summaries-dd- The originals become almost irretrievable-dd- Sarah Manguso . Time punishes us by taking everything, but it also saves us  by taking everything-dd- Sarah Manguso . Scars have the strange power to remind us that our past is real-dd- Cormac McCarthy . Every moment alters what came before-dd- We reach across layers of time for the memories of our memories-dd- James Gleick . Do not waste time on things you cannot change or influence-dd- Robert Greene . When our memories outweigh our dreams, we have grown old-dd- Bill Clinton . Id trade all my tomorrows for one single yesterday-dd- Kris Kristofferson . Because in the end, you wont remember the time you spent working in the office or mowing your lawn-dd- Climb that goddamn mountain-dd- Jack Kerouac . I cant go back to yesterday  because I was a different person then-dd- Lewis Carroll . No summer ever came back, and no two summers ever were alike-dd- Times change, and people change-dd- Nathaniel Hawthorne . They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself-dd- Andy Warhol . Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time-dd- Albert Camus . Time is a companion that goes with us on a journey-dd- It reminds us to cherish each moment, because it will never come again-dd- What we leave behind is not as important as how we have lived-dd- Captain Jean-Luc Picard (Star Trek) . Time is neutral and does not change things-dd- With courage and initiative, leaders change things-dd- Jesse Jackson . You cant have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time-dd- Charles Kettering . We all have our time machines-dd- Some take us back, theyre called memories-dd- Some take us forward, theyre called dreams-dd- Jeremy Irons . Nothing is ever really lost to us as long as we remember it-dd- Lucy Maud Montgomery . Focus on the good memories, discard the not so good-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . Time is a dressmaker specializing in alterations-dd- Faith Baldwin . People need hard times and oppression to develop psychic muscles-dd- Emily Dickinson . Expect an early death  it will keep you busier-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently-dd- Henry Ford . You have been preoccupied while life hastens on-dd- Meanwhile death will arrive, and you have no choice in making yourself available for that-dd- Seneca . Why do we need time travel-qq- All the answers come down to one-dd- To elude death-dd- James Gleick . Hard times dont create heroes-dd- It is during the hard times when the hero within us is revealed-dd- Bob Riley . Time is the longest distance between two places-dd- Tennessee Williams . Time brings an end to everything-dd- We should not mistake for a tragedy what is no more than the passage of time-dd- Robert Brault . Time is a killer-dd- Everyone knows that-dd- Time will bury us-dd- I wasted time, and now doth time waste me-dd- Time makes dust of all things-dd- James Gleick . If only time could be seen whole, then you could see the past remaining intact, instead of vanishing in the rearview mirror-dd- There is your immortality-dd- Frozen in amber-dd- James Gleick . Tough times never last, but tough people do-dd- Robert H-dd- Schuller . Youre going to go through tough times  thats life-dd- But I say, Nothing happens to you, it happens for you-dd- See the positive in negative events-dd- Joel Osteen . Hard times may have held you down, but they will not last forever-dd- When all is said and done, you will be increased-dd- Joel Osteen . If you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it-dd- Anthony J-dd- DAngelo . Forget the times of your distress, but never forget what they taught you-dd- Herbert Gesser . Time is the only comforter for the loss of a mother-dd- Jane Welsh Carlyle . It has been said, time heals all wounds-dd- I do not agree-dd- The wounds remain-dd- In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens-dd- But it is never gone-dd- Rose Kennedy . Time doesnt heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Cowards die many times before their deaths; The valiant never taste of death but once-dd- William Shakespeare . Hard times always lead to something great-dd- Betsey Johnson . Only when the clock stops does time come to life-dd- William Faulkner . Recover time and happiness by minimizing these three apps: phone, calendar, and alarm clock-dd- Naval Ravikant . The clock always ticks-dd- There are times you dont hear it, and there are times that you do-dd- David Levithan . Watches are so named as a reminder  if you dont watch carefully what you do with your time it will slip away from you-dd- Drew Sirtors . A man with one watch knows what time it is; a man with two watches is never quite sure-dd- Lee Segall . A single clock works only as long as it refers, sooner or later, obviously or not, to the other clocks around it-dd- One can rage about it, and we do-dd- But without a clock and the dais of time, we each rage in silence, alone-dd- Alan Burdick . Sometime in your life, you will have occasion to say, What is this thing called time-qq- What is that, the clock-qq- You go to work by the clock, you get your martini in the afternoon by the clock and your coffee by the clock, and you have to get on the plane at a certain time, and arrive at a certain time-dd- It goes on and on and on and on-dd- Nina Simone . Unfortunately, the clock is ticking, the hours are going by-dd- The past increases, the future recedes-dd- Possibilities decreasing, regrets mounting-dd- Haruki Murakami . The clock talked loud-dd- I threw it away, it scared me what it talked-dd- Tillie Olsen . Tick-dd- Tick-dd- Tick-dd- This is the sound of your life running out-dd- Unknown . The clock is impotent; mechanical time does not affect those living in an eternal present-dd- Paul Schrader . I want to turn the clock back to when people lived in small villages and took care of each other-dd- Pete Seeger . A clock is a little machine that shuts us out from the wonder of time-dd- Susan Glaspell . Clocks were invented to warn us-dd- Tick (time is passing)-dd- Tock (time has passed)-dd- Kamand Kojouri . I must govern the clock, not be governed by it-dd- Golda Meir . Time is the most valuable thing that a man can spend-dd- Diogenes . Know the true value of time; snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it-dd- Lord Chesterfield . Make use of time, let not advantage slip-dd- William Shakespeare . If you dont value your time, neither will others-dd- Stop giving away your time and talents- start charging for it-dd- Kim Garst . Time makes more converts than reason-dd- Thomas Paine . The time to relax is when you dont have time for it-dd- Sydney J-dd- Harris . Whenever we talk about it, we do so in terms of something lesser-dd- We find or lose time, like a set of keys; we save and spend it, like money-dd- Time creeps, crawls, flies, flees, flows, and stands still; it is abundant or scarce; it weighs on us with palpable heft-dd- Alan Burdick . Today is the first day of the rest of your life-dd- Abbie Hoffman . Yesterdays the past, tomorrows the future, but today is a gift-dd- Thats why its called the present-dd- Bil Keane . All that really belongs to us is time; even he who has nothing else has that-dd- Baltasar Gracian . The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run-dd- Henry David Thoreau (Walden) . Those who possess time are often not aware of its value-dd- Sunday Adelaja . The one that values his time can value the time of others as well-dd- Sunday Adelaja . When you understand the value of time, the resource and the wealth of time, you will be running away from the crowd-dd- Sunday Adelaja . Time and health are two precious assets that we dont recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted-dd- Denis Waitley . With endless time, nothing is special-dd- With no loss or sacrifice, we cant appreciate what we have-dd- Mitch Albom . Lots of people wait around for the right time-dd- People dont know that there is no such thing as a right time-dd- Time is never right nor wrong-dd- The only negative factor of time is that you can lose it and the only positive factor of time is that you can seize it-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Seize the time, Meribor-dd- Live now-dd- Make now always the most precious time-dd- Now will never come again-dd- Captain Jean-Luc Picard (Star Trek) . All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . Time as he grows old teaches many lessons-dd- Aeschylus . A day without laughter is a day wasted-dd- Charlie Chaplin . If you are not doing what you love, you are wasting your time-dd- Billy Joel . I wasted time, and now doth time waste me-dd- William Shakespeare . What fools call wasting time is most often the best investment-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . What would be the use of immortality to a person who cannot use well a half an hour-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . It is named the Web for good reason-dd- David Foster Wallace . We say we waste time, but that is impossible-dd- We waste ourselves-dd- Alice Bloch . The thing about working with time, instead of against it, is that it is not wasted-dd- Even pain counts-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . Dont live in the past-dd- Theres no point-dd- You cant change anything-dd- What a waste of time-dd- Bob Newhart . We cannot waste time-dd- We can only waste ourselves-dd- George Matthew Adams . When it is wasted in heedless luxury and spent on no good activity, we are forced at last by deaths final constraint to realize that it has passed away before we knew it was passing-dd- Seneca . Day, n-dd- A period of twenty-four hours, mostly misspent-dd- Ambrose Bierce . Short as life is, we make it still shorter by the careless waste of time-dd- Victor Hugo . To think too long about doing a thing often becomes its undoing-dd- Eva Young . When you kill time, remember that it has no resurrection-dd- Aiden Wilson Tozer . This time, like all times, is a very good one, if we but know what to do with it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . There is no waste of time in life like that of making explanations-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . A year from now you will wish you had started today-dd- Karen Lamb . A man who views the world the same at fifty as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life-dd- Muhammad Ali . I do not want to waste any time-dd- And if you are not working on important things, you are wasting time-dd- Dean Kamen . Theres no good way to waste your time-dd- Wasting time is just wasting time-dd- Helen Mirren . Dont waste your time on revenge-dd- Those who hurt you will eventually face their own karma-dd- Unknown . There is no greater harm than that of time wasted-dd- Michelangelo . Its such a shame to waste time-dd- We always think we have so much of it-dd- Mitch Albom . If time be of all things the most precious, wasting time must be the greatest prodigality-dd- Benjamin Franklin . What fools call wasting time is most often the best investment-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . No time is lost  it is a necessary part of the R&D phase for your work, career, life-dd- Neil Strauss . The best way to fill time is to waste it-dd- Marguerite Duras . If youre wasting time having fun, youre not wasting time-dd- Tim Ferriss . He does not seem to me to be a free man who does not sometimes do nothing-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Regret for wasted time is more wasted time-dd- Mason Cooley . Time is more value than money-dd- You can get more money, but you cannot get more time-dd- Jim Rohn . Time is valuable, and when it is gone, it is gone-dd- Time is wealth, and unlike money, when it is gone, you cannot replace it-dd- Napoleon Hill . Waste your money and youre only out of money, but waste your time and youve lost a part of your life-dd- Michael Leboeuf . Be selective with who you invest your time, wasted time is worse than wasted money-dd- Unknown . Earn with your mind, not your time-dd- Naval Ravikant . Trade money for time, not time for money-dd- Youre going to run out of time first-dd- Naval Ravikant . Youre never going to get rich renting out your time-dd- Naval Ravikant . Time is money says the proverb, but turn it around and you get a precious truth-dd- Money is time-dd- George Gissing . If time is money, it seems moral to save time, above all ones own, and such parsimony is excused by consideration for others-dd- One is straight-forward-dd- Theodor Adorno . Time is money, especially when you are talking to a lawyer or buying a commercial-dd- Frank Dane . Discipline is your relationship with the time you have left-dd- Barbara McNally . There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Work is hard-dd- Distractions are plentiful-dd- And time is short-dd- Adam Hochschild . There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing-dd- Brian Tracy . Take a deep breath, count to ten, and tackle each task one step at a time-dd- Linda Shalaway . Spend less time giving your opinions and more time seeking the opinions of others-dd- Tim Fargo . I get paid not by how many hours I work, but by the importance of the problems I solve-dd- Unknown . The key is not to prioritize whats on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Most of us spend too much time on what is urgent and not enough time on what is important-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . If you dont have time, the truth is, you dont have priorities-dd- Think harder; dont work harder-dd- Tim Ferriss . Take charge of your schedule-dd- Make time for reflection and relaxation-dd- Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi . You cant make up for lost time-dd- You can only do better in the future-dd- Ashley Ormon . Decide what your priorities are and how much time youll spend on them-dd- If you dont, someone else will-dd- Harvey Mackay . We must use time creatively-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem-dd- We all have twenty-four hour days-dd- Zig Ziglar . Time can be an ally or an enemy-dd- What it becomes depends entirely upon you, your goals, and your determination to use every available minute-dd- Zig Ziglar . The essence of self-discipline is to do the important thing rather than the urgent thing-dd- Barry Werner . The shorter way to do many things is to only do one thing at a time-dd- Mozart . It is the mark of great people to treat trifles as trifles and important matters as important-dd- Doris Lessing . A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do-dd- Bob Dylan . Time management is an oxymoron-dd- Time is beyond our control, and the clock keeps ticking regardless of how we lead our lives-dd- Priority management is the answer to maximizing the time we have-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Dont be fooled by the calendar-dd- There are only as many days in the year as you make use of-dd- One man gets only a weeks value out of a year while another man gets a full years value out of a week-dd- Charles Richards . Time is the friend of the wonderful company, the enemy of the mediocre-dd- Warren Buffett . Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Do not look back and grieve over the past, for it is gone; and do not be troubled about the future, for it has yet to come-dd- Live in the present, and make it so beautiful that it will be worth remembering-dd- Ida Scott Taylor . Without labor nothing prospers-dd- Sophocles . The ones who say you cant are too afraid you will-dd- Nike . The world belongs to the energetic-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Do not whine Do not complain-dd- Work harder-dd- Spend more time alone-dd- Joan Didion . Take up one idea, make that one idea your life-dd- Think of it, dream of it, live on that idea-dd- Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone-dd- This is the way to success-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Its not about money or connections  its the willingness to outwork and outlearn everyone-dd- Mark Cuban . Hard work betrays none-dd- Hachiman Hikigaya . There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony-dd- There is time for work-dd- And time for love-dd- That leaves no other time-dd- Coco Chanel . What comes easy wont last-dd- What lasts wont come easy-dd- Unknown . Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen-dd- Conan OBrien . Make each day your masterpiece-dd- John Wooden . Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far-dd- Gary Vaynerchuk . All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them-dd- Walt Disney . Your purpose in life is to find your purpose and give your whole heart and soul to it-dd- Buddha . Success at anything will always come down to this: Focus and effort, and we control both-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . Nothing in life thats worth anything is easy-dd- Barack Obama . Life without endeavor is like entering a jewel mine and coming out with empty hands-dd- Japanese proverb . Be true to your work, your word, and your friend-dd- Henry David Thoreau . To achieve what 1% of the worlds population has, you must be willing to do what only 1% dares to do-dd- Manoj Arora . Hard work never killed a man-dd- Scottish proverb . No matter how hard you work, someone else is working harder-dd- Elon Musk . The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something-dd- Dont wait for good things to happen to you-dd- If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, you will fill yourself with hope-dd- Barack Obama . Without ambition one starts nothing-dd- Without work one finishes nothing-dd- The prize will not be sent to you-dd- You have to win it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . There is no such thing as work-life balance-dd- Everything worth fighting for unbalances your life-dd- Alain de Botton . Inspiration is the windfall from hard work and focus-dd- Helen Hanson . When you live for a strong purpose, then hard work isnt an option-dd- Its a necessity-dd- Steve Pavlina . This is the real secret of life  to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now-dd- And instead of calling it work, realize it is play-dd- Alan Watts . The fight is won or lost far away from witnesses  behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road, long before I dance under those lights-dd- Muhammad Ali . A sign of a hard worker is one who works without complaint-dd- Sarah Price . The heights by great men reached and kept were not attained in sudden flight but, they while their companions slept, they were toiling upwards in the night-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . All good work requires self-revelation-dd- Sidney Lumet . There are no secrets to success-dd- It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure-dd- Colin Powell . What you dont sweat out when youre young will turn into tears when youre old-dd- Japanese proverb . Destiny is for losers-dd- Its just a stupid excuse to wait for things to happen instead of making them happen-dd- Blair Waldorf . Men die of boredom, psychological conflict and disease-dd- They do not die of hard work-dd- David Ogilvy . The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a persons determination-dd- Tommy Lasorda . Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you-dd- Arnold Palmer (This is one of my favorite hard work quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know whats yours-xx-) . Its hard to beat a person who never gives up-dd- Babe Ruth . Im a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it-dd- Thomas Jefferson . No one ever drowned in sweat-dd- U-dd-S-dd- Marine Corps . One must work and dare if one really wants to live-dd- Vincent van Gogh . To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence-dd- Mark Twain . You just have to put in 80 to 100 hour weeks every week-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla) . Ive failed over and over and over again in my life  and that is why I succeed-dd- Michael Jordan (Basketball superstar) . The only way to do great work is to love what you do-dd- If you havent found it yet, keep looking, and dont settle-dd- Steve Jobs (Apple) . Talent is cheaper than table salt-dd- What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work-dd- Stephen King . When he worked, he really worked-dd- But when he played, he really played-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . My father taught me to work; he did not teach me to love it-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle-dd- Abraham Lincoln . If youre changing the world, youre working on important things, youre excited to get up in the morning-dd- Larry Page (Google) . If you work hard and meet your responsibilities, you can get ahead, no matter where you come from, what you look like or who you love-dd- Barack Obama . I never viewed myself as particularly talented-dd- Where I excel is ridiculous, sickening, work ethic-dd- You know, while the other guys sleeping, Im working-dd- Will Smith . Choose a job you love and you will never have to work a day in your life-dd- Confucius . There is no substitute for hard work-dd- Thomas Edison . Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration-dd- Thomas Edison . Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work-dd- Thomas Edison . Being busy does not always mean real work-dd- The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be forethought, system, planning, intelligence, and honest purpose, as well as perspiration-dd- Seeming to do is not doing-dd- Thomas Edison . Its not whether you get knocked down; its whether you get up-dd- Vince Lombardi . At dawn, when you have trouble getting out of bed, tell yourself: I have to go to work  as a human being-dd- What do I have to complain of, if Im going to do what I was born for  the things I was brought into the world to do-qq- Or is this what I was created for-qq- To huddle under the blankets and stay warm-qq- Marcus Aurelius . I think the thing about that was I was always willing to work; I was not the fastest or biggest player but I was determined to be the best football player I could be on the football field and I think I was able to accomplish that through hard work-dd- Jerry Rice (Football superstar) . Great things come from hard work and perseverance-dd- No excuses-dd- Kobe Bryant (Basketball superstar) . Theres no talent here, this is hard work-dd- This is an obsession-dd- Conor McGregor (MMA Champion) . Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goals: my strength lies solely in my tenacity-dd- Louis Pasteur . If you have faith when you pray, you will be given whatever you ask for-dd- Matthew 21:22, The Bible . Its hard work making movies-dd- Its like being a doctor: you work long hours, very hard hours, and its emotional, tense work-dd- If you dont really love it, then it aint worth it-dd- George Lucas (Star Wars) . If people knew how hard I worked to achieve my mastery, it wouldnt seem so wonderful after all-dd- Michelangelo . Im a designer, and I work very hard at that-dd- People sometimes want to put down fashion by saying its frivolous or superficial, but its not that way at all-dd- Its actually very hard work-dd- Donatella Versace . To succeed, work hard, never give up and above all, cherish a magnificent obsession-dd- Walt Disney . Youre never a loser until you quit trying-dd- Mike Ditka . Believe you can and youre halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Earned-dd- Not given-dd- Nike . Be legendary-dd- Nike . Go hard or go home-dd- Nike . Start unknown-dd- Finish unforgettable-dd- Nike . The only one who can tell you you cant is you-dd- And you dont have to listen-dd- Nike . Failures not an option-dd- Its a step-dd- Nike . Every professional was once an amateur-dd- Nike . Write the future-dd- Nike . Never slow down for the world, one day it will catch-up with you-dd- . If no one thinks you can then you have to-dd- Nike . Victory is paid for in sweat, courage and preparation-dd- Nike . The harder you push, the more you are pulled-dd- Nike . Giving up is simply not an option-dd- Nike . Success isnt given, it is earned-dd- On the track, on the field, in the gym-dd- With blood, sweat, and the occasional tear-dd- Nike . Think training is hard-qq- Try losing-dd- Nike . You dont get it by wishing-dd- Nike . If it doesnt challenge you, it doesnt change you-dd- Make it burn-dd- Nike . Work hard-dd- Dream big-dd- Nike . Dedicate yourself-dd- Nike . Believe in something-dd- Even if it means sacrificing everything-dd- Colin Kaepernick . Its only a crazy dream until you do it-dd- Serena Williams . Just do it-dd- Nike . Wake up determined-dd- Go to bed satisfied-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . Go and get your things-dd- Dreams mean work-dd- Paulo Coelho . Work incessantly, but be not attached to it-dd- Swami Vivekananda . God sells us all things at the price of labor-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Work without love is slavery-dd- Mother Teresa . Work harder than you think you did yesterday-dd- Alex Elle . Hard work does pay off-dd- Michael Phelps . Work to me is a sacred thing-dd- Margaret Bourke-White . Dare to be honest and fear no labor-dd- Robert Burns . Nothing can beat hard work-dd- Conor McGregor . Light tomorrow with today-dd- Elizabeth Barrett Browning . I sweat in tears to get what I want-dd- Lailah Akita . Work hard in silence; let success make the noise-dd- Frank Ocean . Be thankful for what you have-dd- Work hard for what you dont have-dd- Unknown . It hurts now but one day it will be your warm up-dd- Unknown . Look in the mirror  thats your competition-dd- Unknown . Sore today, strong tomorrow-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Luck is great, but most of life is hard work-dd- Iain Duncan Smith . If you cant outplay them, outwork them-dd- Ben Hogan . Start with a cry, end with a smile-dd- Michael Bassey Johnson . I put all my genius into my life; I put only my talent into my works-dd- Oscar Wilde . The first one gets the oyster the second gets the shell-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Dreams dont work unless you do-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Action is the foundational key to all success-dd- Pablo Picasso . The question isnt who is going to let me, its who is going to stop me-dd- Ayn Rand . The cynics may be the loudest voices  but I promise you, they will accomplish the least-dd- Barack Obama . Those who say it cant be done are usually interrupted by others doing it-dd- James Baldwin . A good idea is about ten percent and implementation and hard work, and luck is 90 percent-dd- Guy Kawasaki . Study while others are sleeping; work while others are loafing; prepare while others are playing; and dream while others are wishing-dd- William A-dd- Ward . Work hard, stay positive, and get up early-dd- Its the best part of the day-dd- George Allen Sr . When you find the right thing to do, and people to work with, invest deeply into that, and stick with it for decades-dd- Naval Ravikant . Shovel todays challenges for your tomorrows freedom-dd- Aniekee Ezekiel . It does not matter where you are standing right now-dd- Sanchita Pandey . Inspiration usually comes during work rather than before it-dd- Madeleine LEngle . I dont like work  no man does  but I like what is in the work  the chance to find yourself-dd- Your own reality  for yourself not for others  what no other man can ever know-dd- They can only see the mere show, and never can tell what it really means-dd- Joseph Conrad . Winners embrace hard work-dd- They love the discipline of it, the trade-off theyre making to win-dd- Losers, on the other hand, see it as punishment-dd- And thats the difference-dd- Lou Holtz . You cant get there by bus, only by hard work and risk and by not quite knowing what youre doing-dd- What youll discover will be wonderful-dd- What youll discover will be yourself-dd- Alan Alda . Plans are only good intentions unless they immediately degenerate into hard work-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win-dd- Roger Bannister (Ran the first sub-4-minute mile) . You may not be there yet, but youre closer than you were yesterday-dd- Unknown . When you feel like stopping think about why you started-dd- Unknown . Stop doubting yourself, work hard, and make it happen-dd- Unknown . The harder you work for something, the greater youll feel when you achieve it-dd- Unknown . You have no idea what youre capable of until you try-dd- Unknown . Baby steps are better than no steps at all-dd- Keep going-dd- Youll get there-dd- Unknown . My success was due to good luck, hard work, and support and advice from friends and mentors-dd- But most importantly, it depended on me to keep trying after I had failed-dd- Mark Warner . I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work-dd- That is the recipe-dd- It will not always get you to the top, but should get you pretty near-dd- Margaret Thatcher . To be successful you have to be selfish, or else you never achieve-dd- And once you get to your highest level, then you have to be unselfish-dd- Stay reachable-dd- Stay in touch-dd- Dont isolate-dd- Michael Jordan . Work while you have the light-dd- You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you-dd- Henri-Frederic Amiel . Everybody wants to be famous, but nobody wants to do the work-dd- I live by that-dd- You grind hard so you can play hard-dd- At the end of the day, you put all the work in, and eventually itll pay off-dd- It could be in a year, it could be in 30 years-dd- Eventually, your hard work will pay off-dd- Kevin Hart . Be prepared, work hard, and hope for a little luck-dd- Recognize that the harder you work and the better prepared you are, the more luck you might have-dd- Ed Bradley . It seems like the world is crumbling out there, but it is actually a really great time in your life to get a little crazy, follow your curiosity and be ambitious about it-dd- Larry Page . If youre not doing some things that are crazy, then youre doing the wrong things-dd- Larry Page . Have a healthy disregard for the impossible and actually build new solutions-dd- Larry Page . Go as far as you can see; when you get there, youll be able to see further-dd- Thomas Carlyle . The problem with doing nothing is not knowing when youre finished-dd- Benjamin Franklin . I would rather risk wearing out than rusting out-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Let us work without reasoning, it is the only way to make life endurable-dd- Voltaire . Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else-dd- J-dd-M-dd- Barrie . I have yet to hear a man ask for advice on how to combine marriage and a career-dd- Gloria Steinem . Youre probably on the right track if you feel like a sidewalk worm during a rainstorm-dd- Larry Page . It doesnt matter how great your shoes are if you dont accomplish anything in them-dd- Martina Boone . Be like a duck, paddling and working hard in the water, but what everyone sees is a smiling, calm face-dd- Manoj Arora . Be nice to nerds-dd- You may end up working for them-dd- We all could-dd- Charles J-dd- Sykes . I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early-dd- Charles Lamb . The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people worry than work-dd- Robert Frost . The difference between try and triumph is just a little umph-xx- Marvin Phillips . Everybody wants to be famous but nobody wants to do the work-xx- Kevin Hart . Success is dependent upon the glands  sweat glands-dd- Zig Ziglar . Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity-dd- Seneca . The caterpillar does all the work, but the butterfly gets all the publicity-dd- George Carlin . Be steady and well-ordered in your life so that you can be fierce and original in your work-dd- Gustave Flaubert . If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome-dd- Michael Jordan . My life will be the best illustration of all my work-dd- Hans Christian Andersen . Part 1-dd- The really efficient laborer will be found not to crowd his day with work, but will saunter to his task surrounded by a wide halo of ease and leisure-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Part 2-dd- There will be a wide margin for relaxation to his day-dd- He is only earnest to secure the kernels of time, and does not exaggerate the value of the husk-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Part 3-dd- Why should the hen set all day-qq- She can lay but one egg, and besides she will not have picked up materials for a new one-dd- Those who work much do not work hard-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Only in recent history has working hard signaled pride rather than shame-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday-dd- Unknown . Dont blame others as an excuse for your not working hard enough-dd- Unknown . The humblest tasks get beautified if loving hands do them-dd- Louisa May Alcott . Character is the indelible mark that determines the only true value of all people and all their work-dd- Orison Swett Marden . A mans work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened-dd- Albert Camus . The human race is a monotonous affair-dd- Most people spend the greatest part of their time working in order to live, and what little freedom remains so fills them with fear that they seek out any and every means to be rid of it-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . When theyre really possessed by what they do, theyd rather stop eating and sleeping than give up practicing their arts-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Never expose the sweat and labor behind your poise-dd- Robert Greene (The 48 Laws Of Power) . The sweat of hard work is not to be displayed-dd- It is much more graceful to appear favored by the gods-dd- Maxine Hong Kingston . If everything seems under control, youre not going fast enough-dd- Mario Andretti . Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy-dd- Robert Half . Work isnt meaningful just because you spend your life doing it-dd- Anthony Marra . If hard work was so wonderful, the rich would keep it all for themselves-dd- Yiddish saying . The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work-dd- mile Zola . Hard work beats talent when talent fails to work hard-dd- Kevin Durant . The obstacle is the way-dd- Ryan Holiday . The more I want to get something done the less I call it work-dd- Richard Bach . I can accept failure-dd- Everyone fails at something-dd- But I cant accept not trying-dd- Michael Jordan . Work as hard as you can-dd- Even though who you work with and what you work on are more important than how hard you work-dd- Naval Ravikant . So often people are working hard at the wrong thing-dd- Working on the right thing is probably more important than working hard-dd- Caterina Fake . In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Theres no way around doing the work it takes to get you there-dd- Joyce Chapman . Sometimes theres not a better way-dd- Sometimes theres only the hard way-dd- Mary E-dd- Pearson . A man is not idle because he is absorbed in thought-dd- There is visible labor and there is invisible labor-dd- Victor Hugo . Part 1-dd- He does nothing with haste and drudgery, but as if he loved it-dd- He makes the most of his labor, and takes infinite satisfaction in every part of it-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Part 2-dd- He is not looking forward to the sale of his crops or any pecuniary profit, but he is paid by the constant satisfaction which his labor yields him-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you havent planted-dd- David Bly . To think is easy-dd- To act is hard-dd- But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Even if youre on the right track, youll get run over if you just sit there-dd- Will Rogers . People might not get all they work for in this world, but they must certainly work for all they get-dd- Frederick Douglass . Work and youll get what you need; work harder and youll get what you want-dd- Prabakaran Thirumalai . In dwelling, live close to the ground-dd- In thinking, keep to the simple-dd- In conflict, be fair and generous-dd- In governing, dont try to control-dd- In work, do what you enjoy-dd- In family life, be completely present-dd- Lao Tzu . Never let your work drive you-dd- Master it and keep it in complete control-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . Dont make excuses for why you cant get it done-dd- Focus on all the reasons why you must make it happen-dd- Unknown . Blood, sweat and respect-dd- The first two you give, the last one you get-dd- Unknown . Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did-dd- Newt Gingrich . Part 1-dd- So you were born to feel nice-qq- Instead of doing things and experiencing them-qq- Marcus Aurelius . Part 2-dd- Dont you see the plants, the birds, the ants and spiders and bees going about their individual tasks, putting the world in order, as best they can-qq- Marcus Aurelius . Part 3-dd- And youre not willing to do your job as a human being-qq- Why arent you running to do what your nature demands-qq- Marcus Aurelius . If you accomplish something good with hard work, the labor passes quickly, but the good endures; if you do something shameful in pursuit of pleasure, the pleasure passes quickly, but the shame endures-dd- Gaius Musonius Rufus . I woult rather die of passion than of boredom-dd- mile Zola . What we fear of doing most is usually what we most need to do-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . A year from now you may wish you had started today-dd- Karen Lamb . Passion is the genesis of genius-dd- Tony Robbins . Rest in reason-dd- Move in passion-dd- Kahlil Gibran . When you want to be successful as bad as you breathe, then youll be successful-dd- Eric Thomas . To give anything less than your best, is to sacrifice the gift-dd- Steve Prefontaine . Successful people begin where failures leave off-dd- Never settle for just getting the job done-dd- Excel-xx- Tom Hopkins . I know the price of success: dedication, hard work and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed-dd- Vaclav Havel . The most important thing about art is to work-dd- Nothing else matters except sitting down every day and trying-dd- Steven Pressfield (The War of Art) . Fill the day with enthusiasm-dd- Give the day all youve got and it will give you all its got, which will be plenty-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Your true success in life begins only when you make the commitment to become excellent at what you do-dd- Brian Tracy . Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion-dd- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel . Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment-dd- Oprah Winfrey . There is no reason to be found playing small  in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living-dd- Nelson Mandela . Success seems to be connected with action-dd- Successful people keep moving-dd- They make mistakes, but they dont quit-dd- Conrad Hilton . I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has had to overcome while trying to succeed-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . Success is simple-dd- Do whats right, the right way, at the right time-dd- Arnold H-dd- Glascow . Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out-dd- Robert Collier . I think that my biggest attribute to any success that I have had is hard work-dd- There really is no substitute for working hard-dd- Maria Bartiromo . Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming-dd- John Wooden . What is success-qq- I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing; knowing that it is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose-dd- Margaret Thatcher . Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Nielson . To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it-dd- Unknown . The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand-dd- Vince Lombardi . We live in the kind of society where, in almost all cases, hard work is rewarded-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . Always go with your passions-dd- Never ask yourself if its realistic or not-dd- Deepak Chopra . Dont wish it were easier-dd- Wish you were better-dd- Jim Rohn . All happiness depends on courage and work-dd- Honor de Balzac . Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work-dd- Aristotle . The reward for work well done is the opportunity to do more-dd- Jonas Salk . Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action-dd- William James . Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment-dd- Full effort is full victory-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . To love what you do and feel that it matters  how could anything be more fun-qq- Katharine Graham . If you do not feel yourself growing in your work and your life broadening and deepening, if your task is not a perpetual tonic to you, you have not found your place-dd- Orison Swett Marden . I work very hard, and I play very hard-dd- Im grateful for life-dd- And I live it  I believe life loves the lover of it-dd- I live it-dd- Maya Angelou . The secret of joy in work is contained in one word  excellence-dd- To know how to do something well is to enjoy it-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . No man needs sympathy because he has to work, because he has a burden to carry-dd- Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books, music, love for ones neighbor  such is my idea of happiness-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Part 1-dd- The best I can do is to try to encourage you to work hard at something you really want to do and have the ability to do-dd- Eugene ONeill (Nobel Prize in Literature, 1936) . Part 2-dd- Because any fool knows that to work hard at something you want to accomplish is the only way to be happy-dd- Eugene ONeill . Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others-dd- Jack Kornfield . Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best-dd- Theodore Rubin . The true way to render ourselves happy is to love our work and find in it our pleasure-dd- Franoise Bertaut de Motteville . Power means happiness; power means hard work and sacrifice-dd- Beyonce Knowles . The fruit of your own hard work is the sweetest-dd- Deepika Padukone . If you are lucky and work very hard, you may someday get to experience freedom from the known-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Earning happiness means doing good and working, not speculating and being lazy-dd- Laziness may look inviting, but only work gives you true satisfaction-dd- Anne Frank . I learned the value of hard work by working hard-dd- Margaret Mead . Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it-dd- George Halas . The purpose of work should be the common good-dd- Alfred Krupp . It is not work that kills men, it is worry-dd- Work is healthy; you can hardly put more on a man than he can bear-dd- But worry is rust upon the blade-dd- It is not movement that destroys the machinery, but friction-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Inner work is finding joy in work-dd- Our real work is heart work and soul work-dd- Matthew Fox . I can say the willingness to get dirty has always defined us as an nation, and its a hallmark of hard work and a hallmark of fun, and dirt is not the enemy-dd- Mike Rowe . I think the best way to get a good night sleep is to work hard throughout the day-dd- If you work hard and, of course, work out-dd- William H-dd- McRaven . If you invest nothing, the reward is worth little-dd- Richelle Goodrich . Hard work makes you feel good because you have accomplished something-dd- Alcurtis Tumer . Whatever you have not strive hard to achieve will not strive hard to fade-dd- Isrealmore Ayivor . Everything seems better when we have to work to get it-dd- Gertrude Warner . Hard work is a prison sentence only if it does not have meaning-dd- Malcolm Gladwell . Good things happen to those who hustle-dd- Anais Nin . The one thing that matters is the effort-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Id rather hustle 24/7 than slave 9 to 5-dd- Unknown . It has been my philosophy of life that difficulties vanish when faced boldly-dd- Isaac Asimov . Some succeed because they are destined to, but most succeed because they are determined to-dd- Henry Van Dyke . Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen-dd- Michael Jordan . Obstacles dont have to stop you-dd- If you run into a wall, dont turn around and give up-dd- Figure out how to climb it, go through it or work around it-dd- Michael Jordan . Progress will come in fits and starts-dd- Its not always a straight line-dd- Its not always smooth path-dd- Barack Obama . If you have an idea of what you want to do in your future, you must go at it with almost monastic obsession, be it music, the ballet or just a basic degree-dd- You have to go at it single-mindedly and let nothing get in your way-dd- Henry Rollins . Be not afraid of going slowly-dd- Be afraid only of standing still-dd- Chinese proverb . Continuous effort  not strength or intelligence  is the key to unlocking our potential-dd- Winston Churchill . Quality is never an accident-dd- It is always the result of intelligent effort-dd- John Ruskin . Perseverance is the act of true role models and heroes-dd- Liza Wiemer . I have an enormous longing after the highest and best in all shapes  a longing which haunts me and is the demon which ever impels me to work, and will let me have no rest unless I am doing his behests-dd- Thomas H-dd- Huxley . Just set one days work in front of the last days work-dd- Thats the way it comes out-dd- And thats the only way it does-dd- John Steinbeck . With slight efforts, how can we obtain great results-qq- It is foolish even to desire it-dd- Euripides . The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die-dd- Edward Kennedy . Its not about money or connections-dd- Its the willingness to outwork and outlearn everyone when it comes to your business-dd- Mark Cuban . Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past-dd- Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isnt what you get for it, but what you become for it-dd- Steve Maraboli . If you care about what you do and work hard at it, there isnt anything you cant do if you want to-dd- Jim Henson (Sesame Street) . Education, actual learning  it is hard work-dd- Its very personal-dd- Your parents dont teach you anything-dd- Your teachers dont teach you anything-dd- The government doesnt teach you anything-dd- You read it-dd- You dont understand it; you read it again-dd- You break a pencil and read it again-dd- Dean Kamen . Withstand the setbacks and failures, the days of drudgery, and the hard work that are always a part of any creative action-dd- Robert Greene . Today I will do what others wont, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others cant-dd- Jerry Rice . There are no shortcuts to any place worth going-dd- Beverly Sills . Who you are tomorrow begins with what you do today-dd- Tim Fargo . If opportunity doesnt knock, build a door-dd- Milton Berle . In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity-dd- Sun Tzu . To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities-dd- Bruce Lee . Every moment wasted looking back, keeps us from moving forward-dd- Hillary Clinton . Four things come not back: The spoken word, the sped arrow, the past life, the neglected opportunity-dd- Arabian proverb . You will never change your life until you change something you do daily-dd- Mike Murdoch . Change will not come if we wait for some other person or if we wait for some time-dd- We are the ones weve been waiting for-dd- Barack Obama . Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle-dd- And so we must straighten our backs and work for our freedom-dd- A man cant ride you unless your back is bent-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Luck-qq- I dont know anything about luck-dd- Ive never banked on it and Im afraid of people who do-dd- Luck to me is something else: Hard work  and realizing what is opportunity and what isnt-dd- Lucille Ball . You just dont luck into things-dd- You build them step by step, whether its friendships or opportunities-dd- Barbara Bush . If you really want something, and really work hard, and take advantage of opportunities, and never give up, you will find a way-dd- Jane Goodall . Success is three parts hard work and one part serendipity-dd- Ken Poirot . If you work hard enough and assert yourself, and use your mind and imagination, you can shape the world to your desires-dd- Malcolm Gladwell . Each problem has hidden in it an opportunity so powerful that it literally dwarfs the problem-dd- The greatest success stories were created by people who recognized a problem a turned it into an opportunity-dd- Joseph Sugarman . Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity-dd- They seem more afraid of life than death-dd- James F-dd- Byrnes . Create the things you wish existed-dd- Unknown . The trouble with opportunity is that it always comes disguised as hard work-dd- Unknown . If you desire to make a difference in the world, you must be different from the world-dd- Unknown . Many an opportunity is lost because a man is out looking for four-leaf clovers-dd- Unknown . My job as a leader is to make sure everybody in the company has great opportunities, and that they feel theyre having a meaningful impact-dd- Larry Page . What is the one sentence summary of how you change the world-qq- Always work hard on something uncomfortably exciting-xx- Larry Page . Change is slow and gradual-dd- It requires hard work, a bit of luck, a fair amount of self-sacrifice, and a lot of patience-dd- Robert Greene . There are no mistakes, only opportunities-dd- Tina Fey . So many things could happen with a hard work-dd- Harry Vested Jr . Change wont happen because everyone wishes it happens-dd- Isrealmore Ayivor . Fortune sides with him who dares-dd- Virgil . Money grows on the tree of persistence-dd- Japanese Proverb . We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give-dd- Winston Churchill . You can only become truly accomplished at something you love-dd- Dont make money your goal-dd- Instead, pursue the things you love doing, and then do them so well that people cant take their eyes off you-dd- Maya Angelou . Never work just for money or for power-dd- They wont save your soul or help you sleep at night-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . Making money isnt hard in itself Whats hard is to earn it doing something worth devoting ones life to-dd- Carlos Ruiz Zafn . The more you learn, the more you earn-dd- Frank Clark . Persist  dont take no for an answer-dd- If youre happy to sit at your desk and not take any risk, youll be sitting at your desk for the next 20 years-dd- David Rubenstein . Not he who has much is rich, but he who gives much-dd- Erich Fromm . Money is usually attracted, not pursued-dd- Jim Rohn . Do what you love and the money will follow-dd- Marsha Sinetar . We rise by lifting others-dd- Robert Ingersoll . Talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships-dd- Michael Jordan . Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success-dd- Henry Ford . If I have seen further, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants-dd- Isaac Newton . Cooperation is the thorough conviction that nobody can get there unless everybody gets there-dd- Virginia Burden . The only thing that will redeem mankind is cooperation-dd- Bertrand Russell . Teamwork begins by building trust-dd- And the only way to do that is to overcome our need for invulnerability-dd- Patrick Lencioni . Once you agree upon the price you and your family must pay for success, it enables you to ignore the minor hurts, the opponents pressure, and the temporary failures-dd- Vince Lombardi . We see the future not as something out of our control, but as something we can shape for the better through concerted and collective effort-dd- Barack Obama . Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success-dd- Henry Ford . The strength of the team is each individual member-dd- The strength of each member is the team-dd- Phil Jackson . The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it cant be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it-dd- Elbert Hubbard . The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison-dd- James Cash Penney . No matter how brilliant your mind or strategy, if youre playing a solo game, youll always lose out to a team-dd- Reid Hoffman . When you have trouble getting out of bed in the morning, remember that your defining characteristic what defines a human being  is to work with others-dd- Even animals know how to sleep-dd- And its the characteristic activity thats the more natural one  more innate and more satisfying-dd- Marcus Aurelius . If you try and lose then it isnt your fault-dd- But if you dont try and we lose, then its all your fault-dd- Orson Scott Card . If you hire people just because they can do a job, theyll work for your money-dd- But if you hire people who believe what you believe, theyll work for you with blood and sweat and tears-dd- Simon Sinek . When it comes to getting things done, we need fewer architects and more bricklayers-dd- Colleen C-dd- Barrett . If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . Individually, we are one drop-dd- Together, we are an ocean-dd- Ryunosuke Satoro . Your goals, minus your doubts, equal your reality-dd- Ralph Marston . A goal properly set is halfway reached-dd- Zig Ziglar . Decide what you want, and then act as if it were impossible to fail-dd- Brian Tracy . Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible-dd- Tony Robbins . The only impossible journey is the one you never begin-dd- Tony Robbins . Whatever you do, or dream you can, begin it-dd- Boldness has genius and power and magic in it-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die-dd- Edward Kennedy . The only journey is the one within-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . People with goals succeed because they know where theyre going-dd- Earl Nightingale . Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it-dd- The time will pass anyway-dd- Earl Nightingale . I learned this, at least, by my experiment: that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Work is an extension of personality-dd- It is achievement-dd- It is one of the ways in which a person measures his or her worth and humanity-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire, the size of your dream, and how you handle disappointment along the way-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives-dd- Viktor E-dd- Frankl . All who have accomplished great things have had a great aim, have fixed their gaze on a goal which was high, one which sometimes seemed impossible-dd- Orison Swett Marden . Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act-dd- There is no other route to success-dd- Pablo Picasso . It is often easier to make progress on mega-ambitious dreams-dd- Since no one else is crazy enough to do it, you have little competition-dd- Larry Page . When a really great dream shows up, grab it-xx- Larry Page . The best people want to work the big challenges-dd- Larry Page . The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step-dd- Lao Tzu . Leaders arent born they are made-dd- And they are made just like anything else, through hard work-dd- And thats the price well have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal-dd- Vince Lombardi . The road to success is not easy to navigate, but with hard work, drive and passion, its possible to achieve the American dream-dd- Tommy Hilfiger . A dream doesnt become a reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination, and hard work-dd- Colin Powell . Dream more than others think practical-dd- Expect more than others think possible-dd- Care more than others think wise-dd- Howard Schultz (Starbuck) . The world needs dreamers and the world needs doers-dd- But above all, the world needs dreamers who do-dd- Sarah Ban Breathnach . Build your own dreams or someone will hire you to build theirs-dd- Farrah Gray . I planned my success-dd- I knew it was going to happen-dd- Erykah Badu . Set your goals high, and dont stop till you get there-dd- Bo Jackson . Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment-dd- Jim Rohn . If one has faith, one has everything-dd- Ramakrishna . All great achievements require time-dd- Maya Angelou . The principal part of faith is patience-dd- George MacDonald . If you lose faith, you lose all-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . When you pray as much as you work; you achieve as much as you dream-dd- Keysha Jade . When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla) . Is prayer your steering wheel or your spare tire-qq- Corrie Ten Boom . Only in the darkness can you see the stars-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Dont be afraid of your fears-dd- Theyre not there to scare you-dd- Theyre there to let you know that something is worth it-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it-dd- J-dd-M-dd- Barrie . The mind is the limit-dd- As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something, you can do it, as long as you really believe 100 percent-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . Making your mark on the world is hard-dd- If it were easy, everybody would do it-dd- But its not-dd- It takes patience, it takes commitment and it comes with plenty of failure along the way-dd- Barack Obama . I know youve heard it a thousand times before-dd- But its true  hard work pays off-dd- If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice-dd- If you dont love something, then dont do it-dd- Ray Bradbury . I watched a small man with thick calluses on both hands work 15 and 16 hours a day-dd- I saw him once literally bleed from the bottoms of his feet, a man who came here uneducated, alone, unable to speak the language, who taught me all I needed to know about faith and hard work by the simple eloquence of his example-dd- Mario Cuomo . The common man prays, I want a cookie right now-xx- And God responds, If youd listen to what I say, tomorrow it will bring you 100 cookies-dd- Criss Jami . Faith does not eliminate questions-dd- But faith knows where to take them-dd- Elisabeth Elliot . Believe in yourself, and the rest will fall into place-dd- Have faith in your own abilities, work hard, and there is nothing you cannot accomplish-dd- Brad Henry . Good things come to those who wait-dd- But better things come to those who work for it-dd- Unknown . Know this above all else, God hears and answers every one of your prayers-dd- Unknown . Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Time spent in prayer is never wasted-dd- Francis Fenelon . Fervent prayers produce phenomenal results-dd- Woodrow Kroll . Prayer should be the key of the day and the lock of the night-dd- George Herbert . Its important to know that words dont move mountains-dd- Work, exacting work moves mountains-dd- Danilo Dolci . We must always work, and a self-respecting artist must not fold his hands on the pretext that he is not in the mood-dd- If we wait for the mood, without endeavouring to meet it half-way, we easily become indolent and apathetic-dd- We must be patient, and believe that inspiration will come to those who can master their disinclination-dd- Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky . Success is most often achieved by those who dont know that failure is inevitable-dd- Coco Chanel . If you dont stand for something you will fall for anything-dd- Gordon A-dd- Eadie . Fear looks; faith jumps-dd- Smith Wigglesworth . Our future is our confidence and self-esteem-dd- Tupac . The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus-dd- Bruce Lee . The only way to build a strong work ethic is getting your hands dirty-dd- Alex Spanos . All successes begin with self-discipline-dd- It starts with you-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . Im always perpetually out of my comfort zone-dd- Tory Burch . There is no substitute for hard work-dd- Always be humble and hungry-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement-dd- Nothing can be done without hope and confidence-dd- Helen Keller . I dont wait for moods-dd- You accomplish nothing if you do that-dd- Your mind must know it has got to get down to work-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Determine never to be idle-dd- No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time, who never loses any-dd- It is wonderful how much may be done, if we are always doing-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Overcoming fear is the first step to success for entrepreneurs-dd- The winners all exemplify that, and the hard work and commitment they have shown underlines what is needed to set up a business-dd- Richard Branson . Dont waste life in doubts and fears; spend yourself on the work before you, well assured that the right performance of this hours duties will be the best preparation for the hours and ages that will follow it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . We need to internalize this idea of excellence-dd- Not many folks spend a lot of time trying to be excellent-dd- Barack Obama . Once you have commitment, you need the discipline and hard work to get you there-dd- Haile Gebrselassie . The best work that anybody ever writes is the work that is on the verge of embarrassing him, always-dd- Arthur Miller . Talent means nothing, while experience, acquired in humility and with hard work, means everything-dd- Patrick Sskind . Learn to do common things uncommonly well; we must always keep in mind that anything that helps fill the dinner pail is valuable-dd- George Washington Carver . Your fears are a kind of prison that confines you The less you fear, the more power you will have and the more fully you will live-dd- Robert Greene . Do not leave your reputation to chance or gossip; it is your lifes artwork, and you must craft it, hone it, and display it with the care of an artist-dd- Robert Greene . Confidence and hard work is the best medicine to kill the disease called failure-dd- Abdul Kalam . Success is a state of mind-dd- If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success-dd- Joyce Brothers . I certainly am not afraid of hard work-dd- Hard work is only hard if you are not passionate about what you are doing-dd- James Scott . I long to accomplish a great and noble tasks, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble-dd- The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker-dd- Helen Keller . A person who has not done one half his days work by ten oclock, runs a chance of leaving the other half undone-dd- Emily Bront . Many who are self-taught far excel the doctors, masters, and bachelors of the most renowned universities-dd- Ludwig Von Mises . Though you can love what you do not master, you cannot master what you do not love-dd- Mokokoma Mokhonoana . Everyone wants to ride the train but not everyone wants to lay the tracks-dd- Aj Joshi . The thickest sweats produce the sweetest life-dd- Isrealmore Ayivor . The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra-dd- Jimmy Johnson . Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished-qq- Yes; work never begun-dd- Christina Rossetti . Self-belief and hard work will always earn you success-dd- Virat Kohli . Work harder on yourself than you do on your job-dd- Jim Rohn . Remember that all is opinion-dd- Marcus Aurelius . To avoid criticism say nothing, do nothing, be nothing-dd- Elbert Hubbard . You have enemies-qq- Good-dd- That means youve stood up for something, sometime in your life-dd- Winston S-dd- Churchill . When someone tells me no, it doesnt mean I cant do it, it simply means I cant do it with them-dd- Karen E-dd- Quinones Miller . I like criticism-dd- It makes you strong-dd- LeBron James . Your friends will believe in your potential, your enemies will make you live up to it-dd- Tim Fargo . I will feel no guilt on shutting my door to those who didnt listen-dd- Stefan Molyneux . The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents-dd- Salvador Dali . You will face your greatest opposition when you are closest to your biggest miracle-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Its easy to attack and destroy an act of creation-dd- Its a lot more difficult to perform one-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Any fool can criticize, complain, and condemnand most fools do-dd- But it takes character and self-control to be understanding and forgiving-dd- Dale Carnegie . No matter how good you are, someone is always going to be against you-dd- But never let them be the limit of your success-dd- Terry Mark . The hated man is the result of his haters pride rather than his haters conscience-dd- Criss Jami . Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain and most fools do-dd- Benjamin Franklin . The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Nothing is complete and thus nothing is exempt from criticism-dd- James Luther Adams . Ive been all over the world and Ive never seen a statue of a critic-dd- Leonard Bernstein . The best way to counter-attack a hater is to make it blatantly obvious that their attack has had no impact on you-dd- Tim Ferriss . Fear of something is at the root of hate for others, and hate within will eventually destroy the hater-dd- George Washington Carver . Hate hurts the hater moren the hated-dd- Madeleine LEngle . I will permit no man to narrow and degrade my soul by making me hate him-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . I pay no attention whatever to anybodys praise or blame-dd- I simply follow my own feelings-dd- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart . Dont pay any attention to what they write about you-dd- Just measure it in inches-dd- Andy Warhol . Those people, who hate you, envy your freedom-dd- Santosh Kalwar . Do not seek praise-dd- Seek criticism-dd- Paul Arden . We did not come to fear the future-dd- We came here to shape it-dd- Barack Obama . Know that you dont know-dd- That is superior-dd- Lao Tzu . Knowledge will give you power, but character respect-dd- Bruce Lee . The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand-dd- Frank Herbert . The dumbest people I know are those who know it all-dd- Malcolm Forbes . Real knowledge is intrinsic and its built from the ground up-dd- Naval Ravikant . It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows-dd- Epictetus . The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper-dd- Eden Phillpotts . Great knowledge is universal-dd- Small knowledge is limited-dd- Great words are inspiring-dd- Small words are chatter-dd- Zhuangzi . Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it-dd- Albert Einstein . To attain knowledge, add things every day-dd- To attain wisdom, remove things every day-dd- Lao Tzu . Any fool can know-dd- The point is to understand-dd- Albert Einstein . Knowing what you dont know is more useful than being brilliant-dd- Charlie Munger . The best thing a human being can do is to help another human being know more-dd- Charlie Munger . The best investment you can make, is an investment in yourself The more you learn, the more youll earn-dd- Warren Buffett . Knowledge is a skyscraper-dd- You can take a shortcut with a fragile foundation of memorization, or build slowly upon a steel frame of understanding-dd- Naval Ravikant . The ultimate test of knowledge is self-transformation-dd- Knowledge is of use only if it brings a profound change in yourself-dd- Make sure that your knowledge is qualitative, not just quantitative-dd- The quality of understanding is important, not the quantity of information-dd- The Ancient Sage . Wise people say less than they know-dd- Fools say everything they know and many things they dont-dd- The Stoic Emperor . When an ordinary man attains knowledge, he is a sage; when a sage attains understanding, he is an ordinary man-dd- Zen proverb . The future belongs to those who learn more skills and combine them in creative ways-dd- Robert Greene . The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance  it is the illusion of knowledge-dd- Daniel J-dd- Boorstin . Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . The desire of knowledge, like the thirst of riches, increases ever with the acquisition of it-dd- Laurence Sterne . Ignorance is the curse of God; knowledge is the wing wherewith we fly to heaven-dd- William Shakespeare . The learning and knowledge that we have is, at the most, but little compared with that of which we are ignorant-dd- Plato . The true lover of knowledge naturally strives for truth, and is not content with common opinion, but soars with undimmed and unwearied passion till he grasps the essential nature of things-dd- Plato . If your goal is lasting insight, consuming news that will be irrelevant next week is a bad strategy-dd- Michael . In an age of information abundance, the only things that really need to be taught are those that are counterintuitive-dd- Michael . The construction timeline of knowledge is similar to a skyscraper, too-dd- Takes forever for the hole to be dug and the foundation poured, then the facade appears quickly-dd- Michael . Almost all Americans own a smartphone or a computer-dd- Each device contains the library of Alexandria-dd- The sum total of all world knowledge-dd- You can learn anything-dd- Why dont you-qq- Too busy tracking social status-dd- Too enthralled by imagery your evolution cant resist-dd- The Stoic Emperor . I know just enough to know how little we know-dd- Naval Ravikant . The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination-dd- Albert Einstein . If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow-dd- Rachel Carson . Real knowledge breeds body feel and personal expression; surface knowledge breeds mechanical conditioning and imposing limitation and squelches creativity-dd- Bruce Lee . Humility will teach you knowledge, arrogance will teach you ignorance-dd- If you think you know it all, you have learned nothing-dd- Thibaut . Knowledge is power but only wisdom is liberty-dd- Will Durant (This is one of my favorite knowledge quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know whats yours-xx-) . Knowledge is rooted in all things  the world is a library-dd- Lakota proverb . Knowledge is an unending adventure at the edge of uncertainty-dd- Jacob Bronowski . Knowledge is useful when applied, but over-accumulated for its own sake is a burden-dd- Naval Ravikant . Information is not knowledge-dd- Albert Einstein . Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice-dd- Anton Chekhov . Knowledge is power-dd- Francis Bacon . The only thing that I know, is that I know nothing-dd- Ren Descartes . Risk comes from not knowing what youre doing-dd- Warren Buffett . I did then what I knew how to do-dd- Now that I know better, I do better-dd- Maya Angelou . Real knowledge is to know the extent of ones ignorance-dd- Confucius . I am a part of everything that I have read-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing-dd- Socrates . I have been impressed with the urgency of doing-dd- Knowing is not enough; we must apply-dd- Being willing is not enough; we must do-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Imagination is more important than knowledge-dd- Knowledge is limited-dd- Imagination encircles the world-dd- Albert Einstein . An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest-dd- Benjamin Franklin . There is no knowledge that is not power-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . If money is your hope for independence, you will never have it-dd- The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience and ability-dd- Henry Ford . The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty-dd- James Madison . Nothing that is worth knowing can be taught-dd- Oscar Wilde . The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing-dd- Voltaire . The more you know the less you understand-dd- Lao Tzu (Tao te Ching) . To know that we know what we know, and to know that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge-dd- Nicolaus Copernicus . Share your knowledge-dd- Its a way to achieve immortality-dd- Dalai Lama . And what, Socrates, is the food of the soul-qq- Surely, I said, knowledge is the food of the soul-dd- Plato . Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge-dd- Plato . I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing, and that is that I know nothing-dd- Plato . If you dont read the newspaper, you are uninformed; if you do read the newspaper, you are misinformed-dd- Mark Twain . Knowledge without transformation is not wisdom-dd- Paulo Coelho . Wisdom is the daughter of experience-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Diversification is a hedge against a lack of knowledge-dd- Naval Ravikant . Wisdom > knowledge > information > data-dd- Shane Parrish . Knowledge, like milk, has an expiry date-dd- Shane Parrish . The more you know, the less you need to say-dd- Jim Rohn . Zeal without knowledge is the sister of folly-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Knowledge has a beginning but no end-dd- Geeta S-dd- Iyengar . Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens-dd- Jimi Hendrix . Time, as it grows old, teaches all things-dd- Aeschylus . Take small bites-dd- Before people realize it, you have accumulated an empire-dd- Robert Greene . Better to understand a little than do misunderstand a lot-dd- Lord Chesterfield . Spend each day trying to be a little wiser than you were when you woke up-dd- Charlie Munger . The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty-dd- James Madison . Play iterated games-dd- All the returns in life, whether in wealth, relationships, or knowledge, come from compound interest-dd- Naval Ravikant . Now we have the Internet, which is the greatest weapon of knowledge ever created, completely interconnected-dd- Naval Ravikant . School, politics, sports, and games train us to compete against others-dd- True rewards  wealth, knowledge, love, fitness, and equanimity  come from ignoring others and improving ourselves-dd- Naval Ravikant . The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes anothers, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises-dd- Leo Buscaglia . The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery-dd- There is always more mystery-dd- Anais Nin . Your problem is not a lack of knowledge; you already have more of it than 90% of people will ever have-dd- The problem is a lack of implementation-dd- Once youve acquired a certain amount of knowledge, adding more to it is less important than putting your current knowledge to work-dd- The Ancient Sage . The value of knowledge depends on what else you know-dd- David Perell . For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others-dd- Youd be surprised how far that gets you-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . A great book can transmit years of wisdom in a few afternoons-dd- Each sentence conveys meaning with precision and economy-dd- A great book is a patient teacher and a deathless companion-dd- A man with a good library has a thousand good mentors-dd- The Stoic Emperor . No thief, however skillful, can rob one of knowledge, and that is why knowledge is the best and safest treasure to acquire-dd- L-dd- Frank Baum . Imagination is more important than knowledge-dd- For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create-dd- Albert Einstein . The larger the island of knowledge, the longer the shoreline of wonder-dd- Ralph W-dd- Sockman . Never stop fighting until you arrive at your destined place  that is, the unique you-dd- Have an aim in life, continuously acquire knowledge, work hard, and have perseverance to realise the great life-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . The end of all knowledge should be service to others-dd- Cesar Chavez . I had to deny knowledge in order to make room for faith-dd- Immanuel Kant . Today a reader, tomorrow a leader-dd- Margaret Fuller . Write what you know-dd- That should leave you with a lot of free time-dd- Howard Nemerov . The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt-dd- Bertrand Russell . Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . If you think that knowledge alone is power, remember: People still smoke and drink soda-dd- Ed Latimore (But wait, is it funny-qq--xx-) . Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad-dd- Miles Kington . If book knowledge made great investors, than the librarians would all be rich-dd- Warren Buffett . I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did-dd- I said I didnt know-dd- Mark Twain . Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance-dd- George Bernard Shaw . The overeducated are worse off than the undereducated, having traded common sense for the illusion of knowledge-dd- Naval Ravikant . The more you possess the more you are possessed-dd- Thibaut . Better to know how to know than to be taught what to know-dd- Thibaut . Knowledge is cumulative when you focus on things that change slowly-dd- Shane Parrish . Our tragedy is that we read too much and reflect too little-dd- Anything worth reading is worth deep contemplation-dd- Knowledge without absorption leaves no lasting mark on us and is little different from a passing amusement-dd- The Ancient Sage . Understanding is far more important than knowledge-dd- Knowledge is quantitative-dd- It is information-dd- It remains peripheral-dd- Understanding is qualitative-dd- It penetrates your heart and permeates your being-dd- Knowledge boosts the ego but only understanding brings transformation-dd- The Ancient Sage . It is important to read extensively and have a knowledge of a wide variety of perspectives-dd- Reading or focusing only on one thinker can bias ones thinking and distort ones perception-dd- Thats why it has been said that a little knowledge is a dangerous thing-dd- The Ancient Sage . The education system works to load memory rather than increase understanding-dd- Being able to reproduce information isnt the same as understanding what it means-dd- The system produces parrots who dont know what theyre talking about with heads too stuffed to allow new perspectives-dd- The Ancient Sage . Knowledge is neutral; it is just information-dd- It is the alchemical quality of mind  the receptacle in which the knowledge is put  that transforms it into something worthwhile-dd- Knowledge without understanding is little more than a burden on the storage capacity of mind-dd- The Ancient Sage . One is never afraid of the unknown; one is afraid of the known coming to and end-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . You can only be afraid of what you think you know-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom-dd- Plato . The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom-dd- Isaac Asimov . I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge  myth is more potent than history  dreams are more powerful than facts  hope always triumphs over experience  laughter is the cure for grief  love is stronger than death-dd- Robert Fulghum . One of the most important skills in 2019 is being able to ignore noise-dd- Too much information is just as bad as not enough information-dd- Life Math Money . Most college degrees are certificates of gullibility-dd- Life Math Money . I try to get rid of people who always confidently answer questions about which they dont have any real knowledge-dd- Charlie Munger . A little learning is a dangerous thing; drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring: there shallow draughts intoxicate the brain, and drinking largely sobers us again-dd- Alexander Pope . Learn to use the knowledge of the past and you will look like a genius, even when you are really just a clever borrower-dd- Robert Greene . Do anything to break up your normal train of thinking and your sense that you already know the truth-dd- Robert Greene . Knowledge has three degrees  opinion, science, illumination-dd- The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition-dd- Plotinus . That which we desire lies across an ocean of hard won knowledge-dd- The Stoic Emperor . They will call you lost for not following the same route as others-dd- They will call you a geek for being a knowledge-seeker-dd- They will call you ugly for not looking like celebrities-dd- They will call you dumb for not being an academic-dd- Thibaut . The suppression of uncomfortable ideas may be common in religion or in politics, but it is not the path to knowledge and there is no place for it in the endeavor of science-dd- Carl Sagan . Virtue is an angel, but she is a blind one, and must ask Knowledge to show her the pathway that leads to her goal-dd- Horace Mann . These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom-dd- Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future-dd- Vernon Cooper . The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook-dd- William James . Acknowledging what you dont know is the dawning of wisdom-dd- Charlie Munger . Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers-dd- Alfred Tennyson . Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . We do not need more knowledge but more wisdom-dd- Wisdom comes from our own attention-dd- Jack Kornfield . To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe-dd- Marilyn Vos Savant . A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Knowledge if not digested does not give nutrition, only adds weight-dd- Osho . As we move forward we must remember that despite our quest, the shores of our ignorance grow as the Island of Knowledge grows-dd- Shane Parrish . Are you focused enough on the same thing to build cumulative knowledge or are you too spread out-qq- Shane Parrish . The improvement of understanding is for two ends: first, our own increase of knowledge; secondly, to enable us to deliver that knowledge to others-dd- John Locke . Information is just bits of data-dd- Knowledge is putting them together-dd- Wisdom is transcending them-dd- Ram Dass . Doubt is wisdom-dd- People are dangerous when they are certain that their cause is just and their facts are right-dd- Paulo Coelho . This presumption that you possess knowledge of any use has to be dropped before you approach philosophy  just as if we were enrolling in a school of music or mathematics-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Knowledge is an addiction, as drink; knowledge does not bring understanding-dd- Knowledge can be taught, but not wisdom; there must be freedom from knowledge for the coming of wisdom-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Information, the knowledge of facts, though ever increasing, is by its very nature limited-dd- Wisdom is infinite, it includes knowledge and the way of action; but we take hold of a branch and think it is the whole tree-dd- Through the knowledge of the part, we can never realize the joy of the whole-dd- Intellect can never lead to the whole, for it is only a segment, a part-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Constantly remind yourself of how little you truly know, and of how mysterious the world remains-dd- Robert Greene . If youre broke and tell people money is not important, they wont listen to you-dd- If youre ignorant and say knowledge is vanity, no one believes you-dd- If you preach stoicism but never faced any difficulties, your sermon is futile-dd- Let your message grow out of your own experience-dd- The Ancient Sage . If you smirk at the past dogmas, just imagine how the future will laugh at your own certainties-dd- You think current knowledge is indubitable, but so did all the past ages-dd- Epistemic humility is the most repeated  and ignored  lesson of history-dd- The Ancient Sage . Everything we know has an expiration date-dd- Samuel Arbesman . Knowledge is proud that he has learnd so much; Wisdom is humble that he knows no more-dd- William Cowper . A society of narrowly developed specialists is a society expert in seeing trees but not forests-dd- The Stoic Emperor . A miseducation is much more dangerous than no education-dd- An uneducated person has common sense born of pattern recognition-dd- A miseducated person has traded good sense for bad theories-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Knowledge is discovered by all of us, each adding to the whole-dd- Wisdom is rediscovered by each of us, one at a time-dd- Naval Ravikant . Knowledge is either from direct experience or from verifiable, falsifiable science-dd- There is knowledge that is transmitted but not verifiable / falsifiable, and this knowledge is indistinguishable from that which is false-dd- Naval Ravikant . To know that you do not know is the best-dd- To think you know when you do not is a disease-dd- Recognizing this disease as a disease is to be free of it-dd- Lao Tzu . All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason-dd- There is nothing higher than reason-dd- Immanuel Kant . We can be knowledgeable with other mens knowledge, but we cannot be wise with other mens wisdom-dd- Michel de Montaigne . The greatest impurity is ignorance-dd- Free yourself from it-dd- Be pure-dd- Buddhist proverb . Knowledge without wisdom is like water in the sand-dd- Guinean proverb . It is nothing for one to know something unless another knows you know it-dd- Persian proverb . Science is organized knowledge-dd- Wisdom is organized life-dd- Immanuel Kant . Those who keep learning, will keep rising in life-dd- Charlie Munger . Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also-dd- Carl Jung . You have to know the past to understand the present-dd- Carl Sagan . You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough-dd- William Blake . The road to mastery is only traveled by those who can tolerate being a beginner-dd- Knowledge begins with the acknowledgement of ignorance-dd- Modern people may have to learn and discard many skills throughout their lives-dd- Those who can embrace being a beginner will thrive-dd- The Stoic Emperor . We needed all the information we could get-dd- All gossip is relevant in a small tribe-dd- We had to know where prey slept and where lions hunted-dd- There was no such thing as too much information-dd- Modern tech has changed the game-dd- We are overwhelmed with irrelevant data-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Knowing too much of your future is never a good thing-dd- Rick Riordan . Your assumptions are your windows on the world-dd- Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light wont come in-dd- Isaac Asimov . For me, it is far better to grasp the Universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring-dd- Carl Sagan . It is sometimes easier to be happy if you dont know everything-dd- Alexander McCall Smith . It is a wise father that knows his own child-dd- William Shakespeare . We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge-dd- John Naisbitt . Whosoever wishes to know about the world must learn about it in its particular details-dd- Knowledge is not intelligence-dd- In searching for the truth be ready for the unexpected-dd- Change alone is unchanging-dd- The same road goes both up and down-dd- The beginning of a circle is also its end-dd- Not I, but the world says it: all is one-dd- And yet everything comes in season-dd- Heraclitus . The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The good life is inspired by love and guided by knowledge-dd- Bertrand Russell . Love takes up where knowledge leaves off-dd- Thomas Aquinas . Education consists mainly in what we have unlearned-dd- Mark Twain . It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge-dd- Albert Einstein . Teaching is not the mere imparting of knowledge but the cultivation of an inquiring mind-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . I cannot teach anybody anything-dd- I can only make them think-dd- Socrates . The goal of education is not to increase the amount of knowledge but to create the possibilities for a child to invent and discover, to create men who are capable of doing new things-dd- Jean Piaget . I would live to study, not study to live-dd- Francis Bacon . The greatest sin for the highly credentialed is thinking thats enough to guarantee success-dd- The greatest sin for the lowly credentialed is thinking thats enough to guarantee failure-dd- Michael . The more primitive your building blocks, the more complex the structures are that you can build-dd- Think from first principles-dd- Michael . The best mentors are often those who have wide knowledge and experiences-dd- Robert Greene . If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it-dd- Margaret Fuller . Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge-dd- Carl Sagan . The most crucial use of knowledge and education is to understand the importance of developing a good heart-dd- Dalai Lama . Education system was designed to produce factory workers-dd- Obsolete-dd- Young people are entering an age of increasing complexity and rapid change-dd- Capacity for continual self-directed learning is crucial-dd- Those that struggle with abstract thinking and complex tasks will suffer-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Every person with a smartphone and a pair of headphones has access to the kind of education that was once reserved for the sons of aristocracy-dd- The Stoic Emperor . A generation of autodidacts, educated by the Internet & leveraged by technology, will eventually starve the industrial-education system-dd- Naval Ravikant . What to study and how to study it are more important than where to study it and for how long-dd- Naval Ravikant . True scholarship consists in knowing not what things exist, but what they mean; it is not memory but judgment-dd- James Russel Lowell . A scholar is committed to building on knowledge that others have gathered, correcting it, confirming it, enlarging it-dd- Parker J-dd- Palmer . I was brought up to believe that the only thing worth doing was to add to the sum of accurate information in the world-dd- Margaret Mead . Knowledge is power-dd- Information is liberating-dd- Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family-dd- Kofi Annan . Education is learning what you didnt even know you didnt know-dd- Daniel J-dd- Boorstin . The one exclusive sign of thorough knowledge is the power of teaching-dd- Aristotle . The aim of education is the knowledge not of fact, but of values-dd- William Ralph Inge . Try to comprehend a little more each day-dd- Have holy curiosity-dd- Albert Einstein . Our feelings are our most genuine paths to knowledge-dd- Audre Lorde . The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend-dd- Robertson Davies . In your thirst for knowledge, be sure not to drown in all the information-dd- Anthony J-dd- DAngelo . If we would have new knowledge, we must get a whole world of new questions-dd- Susanne K-dd- Langer . Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind-dd- Plato . Study without desire spoils the memory, and it retains nothing that it takes in-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . If you dont keep learning, other people will pass you by-dd- Temperament alone wont do it  you need a lot of curiosity for a long, long time-dd- Charlie Munger . Learning is not the accumulation of knowledge-dd- Learning is movement from moment to moment-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . What self development gurus fail to get: People dont lack the knowledge of what to do-dd- They lack the WILL to do it-dd- You can give them all the knowledge but it will be useless unless they have the WILL to implement-dd- The guru cannot transfer WILL, he can only transmit knowledge-dd- The Ancient Sage . Whatever scares or discomforts you is your teacher-dd- https://twitter-dd-com/dailyzen . The value of new knowledge is greater to the person who already knows a lot-dd- The more effort you put in, the more you get back per unit of effort-dd- Knowledge violates the law of diminishing returns-dd- Johnny Uzan . The Internet is widening the gap between the curious and the non-curious-dd- The former added hundreds of hours a year of podcasts, blogs and books-dd- The latter mostly news and pictures of other peoples food-dd- Johnny Uzan . The rate of change is accelerating-dd- Bad news for the nostalgic, the attached and the complacent-dd- Great news for the visionaries, the adventurous and the perpetual learners-dd- Johnny Uzan . Tell a man a fact and hell forget it tomorrow-dd- Spark a mans curiosity and hell find the needed facts himself-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You cant teach a person who insists they know everything already-dd- They have some painful unlearning to do before theyll be able to learn anything-dd- The Stoic Emperor . The ability to learn, the means of learning, the tools of learning, are abundant and infinite-dd- Its the desire thats incredibly scarce-dd- Naval Ravikant . Wisdom cannot be imparted-dd- Wisdom that a wise man attempts to impart always sounds like foolishness to someone else Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom-dd- One can find it, live it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it-dd- Hermann Hesse . Two there are who are never satisfied  the lover of the world and the lover of knowledge-dd- Rumi . What we want is to see the child in pursuit of knowledge, and not knowledge in pursuit of the child-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Learning does not make one learned: there are those who have knowledge and those who have understanding-dd- The first requires memory and the second philosophy-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Sit down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every preconceived notion, follow humbly wherever or whatever abysses nature leads, or you will learn nothing-dd- Thomas H-dd- Huxley . We have a hunger of the mind which asks for knowledge of all around us, and the more we gain, the more is our desire; the more we see, the more we are capable of seeing-dd- Maria Mitchell . It is, in fact, nothing short of a miracle that the modern methods of instruction have not entirely strangled the holy curiosity of inquiry-dd- Albert Einstein . Knowledge is of the past; learning is in the present, a constant movement, in relationship with the outward things, without the past-dd- Bruce Lee . I have always thirsted for knowledge, I have always been full of questions-dd- Hermann Hesse . The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge-dd- Thomas Berger . Intuition does not come to an unprepared mind-dd- Albert Einstein . The only real valuable thing is intuition-dd- Albert Einstein . Intuition does not in itself amount to knowledge, yet cannot be disregarded by philosophers and psychologists-dd- Corliss Lamont . Faith requires following the power of a whisper-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Trust your hunches-dd- Theyre usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level-dd- Joyce Brothers . Intuition becomes increasingly valuable in the new information society precisely because there is so much data-dd- John Naisbitt . Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer-dd- Robert Graves . Intuition and concepts constitute the elements of all our knowledge, so that neither concepts without an intuition in some way corresponding to them, nor intuition without concepts, can yield knowledge-dd- Immanuel Kant . Intuition is a sense of knowing how to act spontaneously, without needing to know why-dd- Sylvia Clare . Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition-dd- They somehow already know what you truly want to become-dd- Everything else is secondary-dd- Steve Jobs . I believe in intuitions and inspirations I sometimes feel that I am right-dd- I do not know that I am-dd- Albert Einstein . When you reach the end of what you should know, you will be at the beginning of what you should sense-dd- Kahlil Gibran . All great men are gifted with intuition-dd- They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know-dd- Alexis Carrel . Dont try to comprehend with your mind-dd- Your minds are very limited-dd- Use your intuition-dd- Madeleine LEngle . Trust yourself-dd- You know more than you think you do-dd- Benjamin Spock . Reading maketh a full man-dd- Francis Bacon . Some books should be tasted, some devoured, but only a few should be chewed and digested thoroughly-dd- Francis Bacon . In my whole life, I have known no wise people who didnt read all the time  none, zero-dd- Charlie Munger . Read 500 pages every day-dd- Thats how knowledge works-dd- It builds up like compound interest-dd- Warren Buffett . I read all kinds of stuff that I disagree with because theyre mind bending-dd- Naval Ravikant . Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours-dd- John Locke . Events in life mean nothing if you do not reflect on them in a deep way, and ideas from books are pointless if they have no application to life as you live it-dd- Robert Greene . For people who hoard knowledge, reading is like a drug-dd- They need a constant supply of new books-dd- One must ask oneself what is the end of knowledge-dd- Aside from the pleasure of reading, the purpose of knowledge is to help us live and grow-dd- It is not a substitute for life itself-dd- The Ancient Sage . If you dont apply your knowledge and are addicted to reading just for the sake of pleasure, then your reading habit is little different from other forms of entertainment-dd- Knowledge is never going to change you substantially unless you actively implement it in your daily life-dd- The Ancient Sage . Knowledge is like food-dd- You cant just consume it-dd- You have to digest it-dd- Instead of reading more books, get more from the books youre already reading-dd- David Perell . People start tough books with high hopes-dd- They get to the messy part, feel inadequate, and quit-dd- Only the desperate for knowledge carry forward, destroying their insecurity by force of will-dd- Johnny Uzan . Reading without reflecting is like eating without digesting-dd- Edmund Burke . To train your body, lift increasingly heavier weights-dd- To train your mind, read increasingly tougher books-dd- Johnny Uzan . Understanding 10% of a hard book isnt bad-dd- It may gave you the grounding to understand 20% of the next book you read in that area-dd- Deep knowledge is a mosaic-dd- It is put together piece by piece-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Reading widely allows you to be in conversation with the great minds of history-dd- What would Cicero think-qq- How would Nietzsche respond to that-qq- Where would Wilde find a joke in this-qq- The mind is peopled with those you welcome into it-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Reading is not a chore-dd- Reading is theft-dd- It is a robbery-dd- Someone smarter than you has spent 20 years beating their head against the wall trying to solve the problem youre dealing with-dd- You can steal that hard won knowledge and make it yours-dd- That is power-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Properly, we should read for power-dd- Man reading should be man intensely alive-dd- The book should be a ball of light in ones hand-dd- Ezra Pound . The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading-dd- David Bailey . Ignorance is bold and knowledge reserved-dd- Thucydides . Ignorance, the root and stem of every evil-dd- Plato . Our knowledge is a receding mirage in an expanding desert of ignorance-dd- Will Durant . You should take the approach that youre wrong-dd- Your goal is to be less wrong-dd- Elon Musk . Those who lack intellectual curiosity, remain ignorant regardless of their education-dd- In fact they remain ignorant partly because of their formal education: they think theyve already obtained knowledge, as if it were purchasable from a university-dd- Real knowledge is self acquired-dd- The Ancient Sage . The greatest obstacle to discovering the shape of the earth, the continents and the ocean was not ignorance but the illusion of knowledge-dd- Daniel J-dd- Boorstin . Remember: weve only taken a bucket of knowledge from a sea of ignorance-dd- David Perell . Learning is easier if you are honest about your own ignorance-dd- People want to seem in the know-dd- They try to signal that they are intelligent and informed-dd- This is often counterproductive-dd- Insecurity is the enemy of learning-dd- A master knows how to be a beginner-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Knowledge will forever govern ignorance; and a people who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives-dd- James Madison . One part of knowledge consists in being ignorant of such things as are not worthy to be known-dd- Crates . There are in fact two things, science and opinion; the former begets knowledge, the latter ignorance-dd- Hippocrates . It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance-dd- Thomas Sowell . God save me from him who studies but one book-dd- Italian proverb . The three most underused words: I dont know-dd- Johnny Uzan . The great end of life is not knowledge but action-dd- Thomas H-dd- Huxley . Real knowledge comes when people do the work-dd- Shane Parrish . Knowledge that is not put into practice is like food that is not digested-dd- Sathya Sai Baba . Knowledge without practice is useless, and practice without knowledge is dangerous-dd- Confucius . People think they need more knowledge when in reality they need to implement the knowledge they already possess-dd- Because active implementation of knowledge requires real work, they procrastinate by reading more stuff while thinking that they are doing something productive-dd- The Ancient Sage . Reading is faster than listening-dd- Doing is faster than watching-dd- Naval Ravikant . Time spent mastering the basics is time well spent-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You can gain knowledge and fat quickly through consumption-dd- Muscle and skill (wisdom) can only be gained through strenuous action-dd- Robert Kelley . Dont let your learning lead to knowledge; let your learning lead to action-dd- Jim Rohn . The only source of knowledge is experience-dd- Albert Einstein . No mans knowledge here can go beyond his experience-dd- John Locke . The true method of knowledge is experiment-dd- William Blake . It is beyond a doubt that all our knowledge begins with experience-dd- Immanuel Kant . Society, community, family are all conserving institutions-dd- They try to maintain stability, and to prevent, or at least to slow down, change-dd- But the organization of the post-capitalist society of organizations is a destabilizer-dd- Because its function is to put knowledge to work  on tools, processes, and products; on work; on knowledge itself  it must be organized for constant change-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Any piece of knowledge I acquire today has a value at this moment exactly proportioned to my skill to deal with it-dd- Tomorrow, when I know more, I recall that piece of knowledge and use it better-dd- Mark Van Doren . A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Wisdom is cheaper than execution-dd- Michael . Arm yourself with specific knowledge, accountability, and leverage-dd- Naval Ravikant . Learn to sell-dd- Learn to build-dd- If you can do both, you will be unstoppable-dd- Naval Ravikant . Specific knowledge is knowledge that you cannot be trained for-dd- If society can train you, it can train someone else, and replace you-dd- Naval Ravikant . Specific knowledge is found by pursuing your genuine curiosity and passion rather than whatever is hot right now-dd- Naval Ravikant . Building specific knowledge will feel like play to you but will look like work to others-dd- Naval Ravikant . Specific knowledge is often highly technical or creative-dd- It cannot be outsourced or automated-dd- Naval Ravikant . Apply specific knowledge, with leverage, and eventually you will get what you deserve-dd- Naval Ravikant . The more you create, the less time you have to read and learn for fun-dd- You start to acquire knowledge like a mercenary, picking only the most useful bits when you need them-dd- If youre the type who collects knowledge because its cool, this is why youll never make an impact-dd- Ed Latimore . How can you thrive-qq- Learn fast-dd- Move quickly-dd- Harness tech-dd- Abandon sunk costs-dd- Resist distraction-dd- Understand crowd behavior-dd- Rhetoric is rewarded in networked society-dd- Global society concentrates rewards among A+ players and those in a few fields with talent shortages-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Art is the instinctive application of the knowledge latent in the subconscious-dd- Austin Osman Spare . You must understand the following: In order to master a field, you must love the subject and feel a profound connection to it-dd- Your interest must transcend the field itself and border on the religious-dd- Robert Greene . You are like a hunter: your knowledge of every detail of the forest and ecosystem as a whole will give you many more options for survival-dd- Robert Greene . There is knowledge and then there is hidden knowledge-dd- If you know what everyone knows, you are at no particular advantage-dd- Seek special knowledge that makes all the difference-dd- Knowledge is power-dd- A single, little piece of secret knowledge can exponentially improve the outcome-dd- The Ancient Sage . Trying to remember everything weighs us down-dd- It blocks creativity-dd- Most people learn by consuming tons of information and trying to remember it all-dd- The more we try to learn and remember everything, the less we take action-dd- David Perell . Become a network-dd- Share your thinking, content, and research-dd- Youll supersize your mind-dd- By getting feedback from every corner of the globe, youll accelerate your progress-dd- David Perell . The secret of joy in work is contained in one word  excellence-dd- To know how to do something well is to enjoy it-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Knowledge is not simply another commodity-dd- On the contrary-dd- Knowledge is never used up-dd- It increases by diffusion and grows by dispersion-dd- Daniel J-dd- Boorstin . The way of success is the way of continuous pursuit of knowledge-dd- Napoleon Hill (Think And Grow Rich) . Forty hour workweeks are a relic of the Industrial Age-dd- Knowledge workers function like athletes  train and sprint, then rest and reassess-dd- Naval Ravikant . The skills you really want cant be taught, but they can be learned-dd- Naval Ravikant . Knowledge is a weapon-dd- I intend to be formidably armed-dd- Terry Goodkind . Smart people arent exempt from professional disasters from overconfidence-dd- Charlie Munger . Faith is a knowledge within the heart, beyond the reach of proof-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Slowly mold your mentors knowledge in your own shape-dd- Robert Greene . Exhibit remarkable confidence and people will think your confidence comes from real knowledge-dd- Robert Greene . It aint what you dont know that gets you into trouble-dd- Its what you know for sure that just aint so-dd- Mark Twain . A true sign of greatness: you are not bothered by others brilliance, nor are you afraid to share your own with others-dd- You are secure in the knowledge that no one can take away your unique gifts-dd- The Ancient Sage . Fear not the ignorant or the retarded, fear those with mediocre intelligence or understanding-dd- The latter are more dangerous because their partial knowledge gives them unwarranted confidence, spurring them on to reckless action-dd- The Ancient Sage . Confidence comes from being vulnerable, not by shielding yourself-dd- It is a function of exposure-dd- The more you are exposed to challenges, the more you grow-dd- To grow in confidence, you must first be open to embarrassment-dd- Get your feet wet, there is no other way-dd- The Ancient Sage . Having a rational mind helps for having unpopular opinions-dd- You can judge reality base on logic  and not what the crowd thinks-dd- This will give you confidence-dd- You know your opinions are being supported by strong concrete pillars, and not weak flimsy straws-dd- Chu . Knowledge is the greatest power and it is something no one can see-dd- It cannot be stolen or broken, no one can take it from you-dd- John Carrick . If the love within your mind is lost and you see other beings as enemies, then no matter how much knowledge or education or material comfort you have, only suffering and confusion will ensue-dd- Dalai Lama . Confidence is ignorance-dd- If youre feeling cocky, its because theres something you dont know-dd- Eoin Colfer . Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom-dd- Aristotle . Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them-dd- Albert Einstein . Freedom is knowing who you really are-dd- Bill Vaughan . Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly-dd- Epictetus . You can judge at what stage of growth a person is by the questions they ask-dd- The nature of a persons questions faithfully reflects the current phase in their journey to truth-dd- A sign that you are nearing the truth is that you start asking the right questions-dd- The Ancient Sage . Read books that challenge your beliefs and make you feel stupid-dd- You dont get better by protecting your ego-dd- You get better by exposing it to truth and being vulnerable-dd- This is how you remain fluid and grow-dd- The Ancient Sage . We must learn our limits-dd- We are all something, but none of us are everything-dd- Blaise Pascal . We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be-dd- Jane Austen . It is a sad fate for a man to die too well known to everybody else, and still unknown to himself-dd- Francis Bacon . You only grow when you are alone-dd- Paul Newman . The more you know yourself, the more clarity there is-dd- Self-knowledge has no end  you dont come to an achievement, you dont come to a conclusion-dd- It is an endless river-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Freedom comes with self-knowledge, when the mind goes above and beyond the hindrances it has created for itself-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . In self-knowledge is the whole universe; it embraces all the struggles of humanity-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Distinguishing the signal from the noise requires both scientific knowledge and self-knowledge-dd- Nate Silver . Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control; these three alone lead life to sovereign power-dd- Alfred Lord Tennyson . Self-knowledge is the foundation of real success-dd- Rachel Simmons . A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots-dd- Marcus Garvey . If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too-dd- If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others-dd- Anne Morrow Lindbergh . All types of knowledge, ultimately mean self-knowledge-dd- Bruce Lee . He who knows others is clever; He who knows himself has discernment-dd- Lao Tzu . Those who realize their folly are not true fools-dd- Zhuangzi . Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it-dd- Buddha . Quiet the mind, and the soul will speak-dd- Ma Jaya Sati Bhagavati . Learn to be calm and you will always be happy-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment-dd- Buddha . Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom-dd- James Allen . Whatever is fluid, soft, and yielding will overcome whatever is rigid and hard-dd- What is soft is strong-dd- Lao Tzu . When meditation is mastered, the mind is unwavering like the flame of a candle in a windless place-dd- Bhagavad Gita . When you own your breath, nobody can steal your peace-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Nowhere can man find a quieter or more untroubled retreat than in his own soul-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Your calm mind is the ultimate weapon against your challenges-dd- So relax-dd- Bryant McGill . When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you-dd- Lao Tzu . Meditation is the art of doing nothing-dd- Naval Ravikant . Meditation is not evasion; it is a serene encounter with reality-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Even in the midst of disturbance, the stillness of the mind can offer sanctuary-dd- Stephen Richards . Learn to slow down-dd- Get lost intentionally-dd- Observe how you judge both yourself and those around you-dd- Tim Ferriss . Suffering is due to our disconnection with the inner soul-dd- Meditation is establishing that connection-dd- Amit Ray . To really do nothing, with perfection, is as difficult as doing everything-dd- Alan Watts . You have a treasure within you that is infinitely greater than anything the world can offer-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Wisdom comes with the ability to be still-dd- Just look and listen-dd- No more is needed-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Be here now-dd- Be someplace else later-dd- Is that so complicated-qq- David M-dd- Bader . Live the actual moment-dd- Only this actual moment is life-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Dont seek, dont search, dont ask, dont knock, dont demand  relax-dd- Osho . Meditation practice isnt about trying to throw ourselves away and become something better-dd- Its about befriending who we are already-dd- Pema Chdrn . In practicing meditation, were not trying to live up to some kind of ideal  quite the opposite-dd- Were just being with our experience, whatever it is-dd- Pema Chdrn . Buddha spent six years meditating on the essence, causes, and cures for human anguish-dd- In the end, he came to the realization that suffering is not caused by ill fortune, by social injustice, or by divine whims-dd- Rather, suffering is caused by the behavior patterns of ones minds-dd- Yuval Noah Harari (Sapiens) . Life is a mystery  mystery of beauty, bliss and divinity-dd- Meditation is the art of unfolding that mystery-dd- Amit Ray . Paradise is not a place, its a state of consciousness-dd- Sri Chinmoy . Whatever state I am in, I see it as a state of mind to be accepted as it is-dd- Nisargadatta Maharaj . When we are unable to find tranquility within ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . You are more than just your mind-dd- You are more than just your habits-dd- You are more than just your preferences-dd- Youre a level of awareness-dd- Naval Ravikant . To be concentrated means to live fully in the present-dd- Erich Fromm . Meditation is the discovery that the point of life is always arrived at in the immediate moment-dd- Alan Watts . The mind is definitely something that can be transformed, and meditation is a means to transform it-dd- Dalai Lama . The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good-dd- James Allen (This is one of my favorite meditation quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know whats yours-xx-) . Meditation is all about connecting with your soul-dd- Deepak Chopra . Meditation is the souls perspective glass-dd- Owen Feltham . Meditation is the ultimate mobile device; you can use it anywhere, anytime, unobtrusively-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Meditation is intermittent fasting for the mind-dd- Too much sugar leads to a heavy body, and too many distractions lead to a heavy mind-dd- Time spent undistracted and alone, in self-examination, journaling, meditation, resolves the unresolved and takes us from mentally fat to fit-dd- Naval Ravikant . Meditation is to be aware of every thought and of every feeling, never to say it is right or wrong but just to watch it and move with it-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Meditation is freedom from thought and a movement in the ecstasy of truth-dd- Meditation is explosion of intelligence-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Meditation is not a withdrawal from life-dd- Meditation is a process of understanding oneself-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Meditation is a death  death of all that you are now-dd- Of course there will be a resurrection, but that will be a totally new, fresh original being which you are not even aware is hidden in you-dd- Osho . Meditation is a way for nourishing and blossoming the divine within you-dd- Amit Ray . Meditation is not spacing-out or running away-dd- In fact, it is being totally honest with ourselves-dd- Kathleen McDonald . Mindfulness meditation is the embrace of any and all mind states in awareness, without preferring one to another-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Thats an essential survival thing-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . Sleep is the best meditation-dd- Dalai Lama . All of mans difficulties are caused by his inability to sit, quietly, in a room by himself-dd- Blaise Pascal . Confine yourself to the present-dd- Marcus Aurelius . On what meditation did for him: Everything-dd- You know, one of the great things of meditation is it makes stress very easy to get rid of-dd- It just kind of floats away instead of like finding a home in your mind-dd- You learn how to just let go of things-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . If you just sit and observe, you will see how restless your mind is-dd- If you try to calm it, it only makes it worse, but over time it does calm, and when it does, theres room to hear more subtle things  thats when your intuition starts to blossom and you start to see things more clearly and be in the present more-dd- Your mind just slows down, and you see a tremendous expanse in the moment-dd- You see so much more than you could see before-dd- Steve Jobs . The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness-dd- Lao Tzu . Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart-dd- Who looks outside, dreams-dd- Who looks inside, awakens-dd- Carl Jung . There are only two ways to live your life-dd- One is as though nothing is a miracle-dd- The other is as though everything is a miracle-dd- Albert Einstein . Be happy in the moment, thats enough-dd- Each moment is all we need, not more-dd- Mother Teresa . Through meditation, the higher self is experienced-dd- Bhagavad Gita . One hour of contemplation surpasses sixty years of worship-dd- Muhammad . We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think-dd- Words are secondary-dd- Thoughts live; they travel far-dd- Swami Vivekananda . I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Within you there is a stillness and sanctuary to which you can retreat at any time and be yourself-dd- Hermann Hesse . Reading makes a full man, meditation a profound man, discourse a clear man-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Empty your mind, be formless-dd- Shapeless, like water-dd- Bruce Lee . If your mind is empty, it is always ready for anything; it is open to everything-dd- In the beginners mind there are many possibilities, in the experts mind there are few-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity-dd- Voltaire . The best cure for the body is a quiet mind-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Meditation is the action of silence-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Life is available only in the present moment-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Breathe and let be-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Wherever you go, there you are-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Meditate-dd- Slow down-dd- Maxime Lagac . Meditation is waiting on God-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Self-observation is the first step of inner unfolding-dd- Amit Ray . Be present above all else-dd- Naval Ravikant . Mind only thinks, meditation lives-dd- Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh . The act of meditation is being spacious-dd- Sogyal Rinpoche . Do your practice and all is coming-dd- K-dd- Pattabhi Jois . Turn off your mind and get to know yourself-dd- Thibaut . The quiet mind is richer than a crown-dd- Robert Greene . Whatever anyone does or says, I must be emerald and keep my colour-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Truth is the offspring of silence and meditation-dd- Isaac Newton . Tranquil as a forest, but on fire within, once you find your center, you are sure to win-dd- David Zippel . Whenever we attain a higher vision, the lower vision disappears of itself-dd- Swami Vivekananda . A few conscious-hearted, sincere, and energetic men and women can do more in a year than a mob in a century-dd- Swami Vivekananda . One morning, youll hit mental inbox zero, and that is a pretty amazing feeling-dd- Its a state somewhere between joy, bliss, and peace-dd- Once you have that, you wont want to give that up-dd- If you can get a free hour of bliss every morning, just by closing your eyesthats worth its weight in gold-dd- That will change your life-dd- Naval Ravikant . If every eight year old in the world is taught meditation, we will eliminate violence from the world within one generation-dd- Dalai Lama . By the practice of meditation, you will find that you are carrying within your heart a portable paradise-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . He who is persistent will realize God-dd- So try your best to make meditation a regular experience in your life-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . If you meditate regularly, even when you dont feel like it, you will make great gains, for it will allow you to see how your thoughts impose limits on you-dd- Your resistances to meditation are your mental prisons in miniature-dd- Ram Dass . Every heart has a divine intelligence and natural guidance system-dd- With every prayer, every meditation and every thought of love, we tune in to ours-dd- Marianne Williamson . To be calm is the highest achievement of the self-dd- Zen proverb . You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible-dd- Deepak Chopra . Dont worry about whether you are making progress or not-dd- Just keep your attention on the Self twenty-four hours a day-dd- Meditation is not something that should be done in a particular position at a particular time-dd- It is an awareness and an attitude that must persist through the day-dd- Annamalai Swami . Concentration is a cornerstone of mindfulness practice-dd- Your mindfulness will only be as robust as the capacity of your mind to be calm and stable-dd- Without calmness, the mirror of mindfulness will have an agitated and choppy surface and will not be able to reflect things with any accuracy-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Whenever anyone has offended me, I try to raise my soul so high that the offense cannot reach it-dd- Rene Descartes . Sitting like a mountain let your mind rise, fly and soar-dd- Sogyal Rinpoche . You are the sky-dd- Everything else is just the weather-dd- Pema Chdrn . If it werent for my mind, my meditation would be excellent-dd- Pema Chdrn . Its like having a charger for your whole body and mind-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . Meditation is a way to be narcissistic without hurting anyone-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Meditation is the weight room for the mind-dd- Ed Latimore . To earn the trust of your meditation, you have to visit it every day-dd- Its like having a puppy-dd- Chelsea Richer . Meditation is the way in which we come to feel our basic inseparability from the whole universe, and what that requires is that we shut up-dd- Alan Watts . It feels good-dd- Kinda like when you have to shut your computer down, just sometimes when it goes crazy, you just shut it down and when you turn it on, its okay again-dd- Thats what meditation is to me-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . SEX-xx- Now that I have your attention Please try to meditate at least 15 minutes, every day-dd- You know its good for you-dd- Marcelo Alves . A few hours of meditation were enough to show me that I hardly had any control of myself-dd- I was not the CEO  I was barely the gatekeeper-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . So what is a good meditator-qq- The one who meditates-dd- Allan Lokos . You should sit in meditation for twenty minutes a day, unless you are too busy  then you should sit for an hour-dd- Zen proverb . A quiet mind is more important than a positive mind-dd- Deepak Chopra . The little things-qq- The little moments-qq- They arent little-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Only the individual transcends-dd- Steve Maxwell . Busy is a drug that a lot of people are addicted to-dd- Rob Bell . Modern man is too impatient and wants to master the art of meditation immediately-dd- Swami Rama . Observe your thoughts, instead of being constantly the victim of your thoughts-dd- Tim Ferriss . A human mind is a wandering mind, and a wandering mind is an unhappy mind-dd- Sam Harris . You are not controlling the storm, and you are not lost in it-dd- You are the storm-dd- Sam Harris . While meditating we are simply seeing what the mind has been doing all along-dd- Allan Lokos . Practicing austerities such as yoga, mindfulness, and meditation will give you a front row seat to that which you will never attain and in the process make you an expert at forever seeking them-dd- Kapil Gupta . The challenge of our time is relearning how to concentrate-dd- The past decade has seen an unparalleled assault on our capacity to fix our minds steadily on anything-dd- To sit still and think, without succumbing to an anxious reach for a machine, has become almost impossible-dd- Thibaut . People have original thoughts in the shower because it is one of the only places in modern life that offers refuge from entertainment, compulsive workaholism, and social hyperconnectedness-dd- The isolation allows you to hear yourself think-dd- Morning meditation for the masses-dd- The Stoic Emperor . The beauty of meditation is that you never know where you are, where you are going, what the end is-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . I maintain that Truth is a pathless land, and you cannot approach it by any path whatsoever, by any religion, by any sect The moment you follow someone you cease to follow Truth-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . If there is no meditation, then you are like a blind man in a world of great beauty, light and colour-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . We carry about us the burden of what thousands of people have said and the memories of all our misfortunes-dd- To abandon all that is to be alone, and the mind that is alone is not only innocent but young  not in time or age, but young, innocent, alive at whatever age  and only such a mind can see that which is truth and that which is not measurable by words-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The most fundamental aggression to ourselves, the most fundamental harm we can do to ourselves, is to remain ignorant by not having the courage and the respect to look at ourselves honestly and gently-dd- Pema Chdrn . When we get too caught up in the busyness of the world, we lose connection with one another  and ourselves-dd- Jack Kornfield . Thought can organize the world so well that you are no longer able to see it-dd- Anthony De Mello . Awareness is like the sun-dd- When it shines on things, they are transformed-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Dont believe everything you think-dd- Thoughts are just that  thoughts-dd- Allan Lokos . Perhaps ultimately, spiritual simply means experiencing wholeness and interconnectedness directly, a seeing that individuality and the totality are interwoven, that nothing is separate or extraneous-dd- If you see in this way, then everything becomes spiritual in its deepest sense-dd- Doing science is spiritual-dd- So is washing the dishes-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Many people are alive but dont touch the miracle of being alive-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . In the beginning you will fall into the gaps in between thoughts  after practicing for years, you become the gap-dd- J-dd- Kleykamp . Youre actually in deep meditation all the time-dd- Its just covered up by all the noise, and all the thoughts, and all the emotional things that are running through you-dd- Its always there underneath-dd- Naval Ravikant . Doing nothing is really hard for us, since were such a productivity-driven culture and species-dd- Naval Ravikant . You can have the mind or you can have the moment-dd- Naval Ravikant . When youre centered, your emotions are not hijacking you-dd- Ray Dalio . The game is not about becoming somebody, its about becoming nobody-dd- Ram Dass . Be the master of mind rather than mastered by mind-dd- Japanese proverb . Be the witness of your thoughts-dd- You are what observes, not what you observe-dd- Buddhist proverb . To become different from what we are, we must have some awareness of what we are-dd- Eric Hoffer . Wisdom tends to grow in proportion to ones awareness of ones ignorance-dd- Anthony de Mello . The whole life is a succession of dreams-dd- My ambition is to be a conscious dreamer, that is all-dd- Swami Vivekananda . The time to relax is when you dont have time for it-dd- Sydney J-dd- Harris . The only difference between meditation and ordinary social interaction is that the friend youre gradually coming to know is yourself-dd- Mingyur Rinpoche . Like water which can clearly mirror the sky and the trees only so long as its surface is undisturbed, the mind can only reflect the true image of the Self when it is tranquil and wholly relaxed-dd- Indra Devi . Meditation is the only intentional, systematic human activity which at bottom is about not trying to improve yourself or get anywhere else, but simply to realize where you already are-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Instead of Let it go, we should probably say Let it be; this recognizes that the mind wont let go and the problem may not go away, and it allows you to form a healthier relationship with whats bothering you-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . What would it be like if I could accept life  accept this moment  exactly as it is-qq- Tara Brach . Be at least as interested in what goes on inside you as what happens outside-dd- If you get the inside right, the outside will fall into place-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Meditation could be said to be the Art of Simplicity: simply sitting, simply breathing and simply being-dd- Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche . Abraham Lincoln said, Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe-dd- You have 24 to chop every day-dd- Sleep, excercise, meditation, reading  those are some of your sharpening tools-dd- Do not chop for 18 hours with a blunt axe-dd- Johnny Uzan . The affairs of the world will go on forever-dd- Do not delay the practice of meditation-dd- Milarepa . Meditation is not a means to an end-dd- It is both the means and the end-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone-dd- Alan Watts . The more present I am, the happier and more content I will be-dd- Naval Ravikant . A happy life consists in tranquility of mind-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . There is something wonderfully bold and liberating about saying yes to our entire imperfect and messy life-dd- Tara Brach . The only way to live is by accepting each minute as an unrepeatable miracle-dd- Tara Brach . The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind-dd- Wayne Dyer . To know that you need nothing to be happy, except self-knowledge, is wisdom-dd- Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj . Two kinds of happiness-dd- Worldly happiness is reward from our evolutionary program-dd- Get praise, money, drugs, sex-dd- It busies the mind with craving and anxiety-dd- Internal happiness is reward from being in flow-dd- Create, meditate, love, play-dd- It clears the mind and leaves us in peace-dd- Naval Ravikant . The problem with meditation, is that its not permanent-dd- But what it does give me, is an hour a day, by myself, to work through my thoughts-dd- Naval Ravikant . Happiness is that state when nothing is missing-dd- When nothing is missing, your mind shuts down and your mind stops running into the future or running into the past to regret something or to plan something-dd- Naval Ravikant . The fewer desires I can have, the more I can accept the current state of things, the less my mind is moving because the mind really exists in motion towards the future or the past-dd- Naval Ravikant . Find single player games that you enjoy, like yoga, meditation, swimming-dd- Naval Ravikant (More on Game Theory in this Wikipedia page) . Doing a three-minute meditation every day may change your life: It is the gateway drug to slowing down-dd- Anne Lamott . Maintain your physical, emotional, and spiritual harmony with the universe by meditating every day-dd- Inhale the precious breath of life-dd- It is your connection to your Higher power-dd- Louise Hay . Contemplation is the highest expression of mans intellectual and spiritual life-dd- It is that life itself, fully awake, fully active, fully aware that it is alive-dd- It is a spiritual wonder-dd- It is spontaneous awe at the sacredness of life, of being-dd- It is gratitude for life, for awareness and for being-dd- Thomas Merton . I have been a seeker and I still am, but I stopped asking the books and the stars-dd- I started listening to the teaching of my soul-dd- Rumi . The man who is aware of himself is henceforward independent; and he is never bored, and life is only too short, and he is steeped through and through with a profound yet temperate happiness-dd- Virginia Woolf . The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself-dd- Henry Miller . Happiness is your nature-dd- It is not wrong to desire it-dd- What is wrong is seeking it outside when it is inside-dd- Ramana Maharshi . Without giving up hopethat theres somewhere better to be, that theres someone better to be  we will never relax with where we are or who we are-dd- Pema Chdrn . There is only one place to find real peace, real harmony-dd- That place is within-dd- S-dd-N-dd- Goenka . If only you will remain resting in consciousness, seeing yourself as distinct from the body, then even now you will become happy, peaceful and free from bonds-dd- Ashtavakra Gita . Meditation puts into question more or less everything you tend to do in your search for happiness-dd- But if you lose sight of this, it can become just another strategy for seeking happiness  a more refined version of the problem you already have-dd- Sam Harris (Taming The Mind) . Meditation is painful in the beginning but it bestows immortal bliss and supreme joy in the end-dd- Swami Sivananda . It is only when the mind is free from the old that it meets everything anew, and in that there is joy-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Meditation is one of the greatest arts in life  perhaps the greatest, and one cannot possibly learn it from anybody, that is the beauty of it-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . I dont mind what happens-dd- That is the essence of inner freedom-dd- It is a timeless spiritual truth: release attachment to outcomes, deep inside yourself, youll feel good no matter what-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Remain calm, serene, always in command of yourself-dd- You will then find out how easy it is to get along-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . This is the mark of perfection of character  to spend each day as if it were your last, without frenzy, laziness, or any pretending-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Drink your tea slowly and reverently, as if it is the axis on which the world earth revolves  slowly, evenly, without rushing toward the future; live the actual moment-dd- Only this moment is life-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Our thinking minds deprive us of the happiness that comes when we are living fully in the moment-dd- Ram Dass . From the perspective of meditation, every state is a special state, every moment a special moment-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Those who miss meditation miss the whole dance of life-dd- Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh . Awareness is the greatest agent for change-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Accepting the reality of change gives rise to equanimity-dd- Allan Lokos . Whenever we attain a higher vision, the lower vision disappears of itself-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Open the window of your mind-dd- Allow the fresh air, new lights and new truths to enter-dd- Amit Ray . Spiritual practice involves, on the one hand, acting out of concern for others well-being-dd- On the other, it entails transforming ourselves so that we become more readily disposed to do so-dd- Dalai Lama . Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority-dd- Tom Hopkins . There are three things extremely hard: steel, a diamond, and to know ones self-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Every human has four endowments  self-awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination-dd- These give us the ultimate human freedom The power to choose, to respond, to change-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . The gift of learning to meditate is the greatest gift you can give yourself in this lifetime-dd- Sogyal Rinpoche . Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom-dd- Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power-dd- Lao Tzu . To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe-dd- Marilyn vos Savant . The more you know yourself, the more clarity there is-dd- Self-knowledge has no end  you dont come to an achievement, you dont come to a conclusion-dd- It is an endless river-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . If you begin to understand what you are without trying to change it, then what you are undergoes a transformation-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Do you consume libraries worth of articles, video, podcasts-qq- Great-dd- But it is only beneficial to the extent that it is modulated by personal observation, conversations, and deeply reflective, laborious meditation-dd- Without these practices, information is just data-dd- Thibaut . Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control; these three alone lead life to sovereign power-dd- Alfred Lord Tennyson . Meditation is the secret of all growth in spiritual life and knowledge-dd- James Allen . How pathetically scanty my self-knowledge is compared with, say, my knowledge of my room-dd- There is no such thing as observation of the inner world, as there is of the outer world-dd- Franz Kafka . Without self-knowledge, without understanding the working and functions of his machine, man cannot be free, he cannot govern himself and he will always remain a slave-dd- George Gurdjieff . No change occurs if we just let our habitual tendencies and automatic patterns of thought perpetuate and even reinforce themselves, thought after thought, day after day, year after year-dd- But those tendencies and patterns can be challenged-dd- Matthieu Ricard . Meditation is not just blissing out under a mango tree-dd- It completely changes your brain and therefore changes what you are-dd- Matthieu Ricard . Meditation is not growth of the ego, it is death of the ego-dd- Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh . I think self-knowledge is the rarest trait in a human being-dd- Elizabeth Edwards . The one self-knowledge worth having is to know ones own mind-dd- F-dd- H-dd- Bradley . Self-knowledge is the first step to maturity-dd- Jane Austen . You are only here now; youre only alive in this moment-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Consciousness is the one thing in this universe that cannot be an illusion-dd- Sam Harris (Waking Up) . Learn to see what you are looking at-dd- Christopher Paolini . Altogether, the idea of meditation is not to create states of ecstasy or absorption, but to experience being-dd- Chgyam Trungpa . The things that trouble our spirits are within us already-dd- In meditation, we must face them, accept them, and set them aside one by one-dd- Cristopher L-dd- Bennett . If you can resist the impulse to claim each and every thought as your own, you will come to a startling conclusion: you will discover that you are the consciousness in which the thoughts appear and disappear-dd- Annamalai Swami . The entire exercise of Vipassana meditation is to learn the difference between fiction and reality, what is real and what is just stories that we invent and construct in our own minds-dd- Almost 99 percent you realize is just stories in our minds-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . For me it is a way to understand reality  about myself first of all and then reality about the rest of the world, without any stories and fictions and mythologies-dd- Just to observe what is really happening-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . The human mind is a factory of generating fictional stories about yourself, your family, your country, the world-dd- Its so difficult to tell the difference between the stories we invent and reality-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . Whenever you try to dictate the outcome of your meditation you negate its most wondrous benefit  the pleasure of simply being-dd- Paul Wilson . Reality is neutral-dd- Our reactions reflect back and create our world-dd- Judge, and feel separate and lonely-dd- Anger, and lose peace of mind-dd- Cling, and live in anxiety-dd- Fantasize, and miss the present-dd- Desire, and suffer until you have it-dd- Heaven and hell are right here, right now-dd- Naval Ravikant . Happiness to me is mainly not suffering, not desiring, not thinking too much about the future or the past, really embracing the present moment and the reality of what is, the way it is-dd- Naval Ravikant . Meditation is about keeping the mind clear; thinking deeply about reality-dd- Its about thinking about our emotions, asking ourselves Why do I feel angry-qq- and coming to understand the advantages and sound basis of positive emotions like warmheartedness-dd- Dalai Lama . Think hard, dig deep, do not take appearances for reality-dd- Robert Greene . Meditation is such a more substantial reality than what we normally take to be reality-dd- Richard Gere . The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Thought is so cunning, so clever, that it distorts everything for its own convenience-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Why do you want to read others books when there is the book of yourself-qq- Jiddu Krishnamurti . All the suffering, stress, and addiction comes from not realizing you already are what you are looking for-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Silence is not an absence but a presence-dd- Anne D-dd- LeClaire . Prayer is when you talk to God; Meditation is when you listen to God-dd- Diana Robinson . Meditation is a vital way to purify and quiet the mind, thus rejuvenating the body-dd- Deepak Chopra . When you reach a calm and quiet meditative state, that is when you can hear the sound of silence-dd- Stephen Richards . Silence isnt empty, its full of answers-dd- Unknown . Within each of us there is a silence, a silence as vast as the universe-dd- And when we experience that silence, we remember who we are-dd- Gunilla Norris . Everything thats created comes out of silence-dd- Your thoughts emerge from the nothingness of silence-dd- Your words come out of this void-dd- Your very essence emerged from emptiness-dd- All creativity requires some stillness-dd- Wayne Dyer . True silence is the rest of the mind, and is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment-dd- William Penn . That deep silence has a melody of its own, a sweetness unknown amid the harsh discords of the worlds sounds-dd- Paul Brunton . We live, in fact, in a world starved for solitude, silence, and private: and therefore starved for meditation and true friendship-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . The soul always knows what to do to heal itself-dd- The challenge is to silence the mind-dd- Caroline Myss . The stiller you are the calmer life is-dd- Rasheed Ogunlaru . One who is patient glows with an inner radiance-dd- Allan Lokos . The body benefits from movement, and the mind benefits from stillness-dd- Sakyong Mipham . So the darkness shall be the light, and the stillness the dancing-dd- T-dd- S-dd- Eliot . Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen  that stillness becomes a radiance-dd- Morgan Freeman . Have patience with all things, But, first of all with yourself-dd- Saint Francis de Sales . The two hardest tests on the spiritual road are the patience to wait for the right moment and the courage not to be disappointed with what we encounter-dd- Paulo Coelho . Comfort is no test of truth-dd- Truth is often far from being comfortable-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Inner stillness is the key to outer strength-dd- Jared Brock . True intelligence operates silently-dd- Stillness is where creativity and solutions to problems are found-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Be the silent watcher of your thoughts and behavior-dd- You are beneath the thinker-dd- You are the stillness beneath the mental noise-dd- You are the love and joy beneath the pain-dd- Eckhart Tolle . In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you-dd- Deepak Chopra . Patience is the companion of wisdom-dd- Augustine of Hippo . It is only with total humility, and in absolute stillness of mind that we can know what indeed we are-dd- Wei Wu Wei . Meditation is a state youre in when youre not doing anything  physically, mentally, or consciously-dd- Youre just making no effort-dd- Youre literally being completely still, physically and mentally, inside and out-dd- Naval Ravikant . To understand the immeasurable, the mind must be extraordinarily quiet, still-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . You might be tempted to avoid the messiness of daily living for the tranquility of stillness and peacefulness-dd- This, of course, would be an attachment to stillness, and like any strong attachment, it leads to delusion-dd- It arrests development and short-circuits the cultivation of wisdom-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Patience is a form of wisdom-dd- It demonstrates that we understand and accept the fact that sometimes things must unfold in their own time-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Stillness within one individual can affect society beyond measure-dd- Bede Griffiths . If water derives lucidity from stillness, how much more the faculties of the mind-dd- Zhuangzi . The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit-dd- Molire . Life is a dance-dd- Mindfulness is witnessing that dance-dd- Amit Ray . Raise you awareness and share your uniqueness to the world-dd- Amit Ray . Mindfulness is a way of befriending ourselves and our experience-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Mindfulness practice means that we commit fully in each moment to be present; inviting ourselves to interface with this moment in full awareness, with the intention to embody as best we can an orientation of calmness, mindfulness, and equanimity right here and right now-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . When we pay focused attention to our bodily sensations, we can recognize the ebb and flow of our emotions and, with that, increase our control over them-dd- Bessel van der Kolk . Create a gap of no-mind in which you are highly alert and aware but not thinking-dd- This is the essence of meditation-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Awareness requires living in the here and now, and not in the elsewhere, the past or the future-dd- Eric Berne . In your present-moment awareness, awaken to your innocence, your trust, your love, your eternal being-dd- Deepak Chopra . Mindfulness is the miracle by which we master and restore ourselves-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Rather than being your thoughts and emotions, be the awareness behind them-dd- Eckhart Tolle . We cant control what thoughts and emotions arise within us, nor can we control the universal truth that everything changes-dd- But we can learn to step back and rest in the awareness of whats happening-dd- That awareness can be our refuge-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Restore your attention or bring it to a new level by dramatically slowing down whatever youre doing-dd- Sharon Salzberg . The first step toward change is awareness-dd- The second step is acceptance-dd- Nathaniel Branden . Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness-dd- James Thurber . Mindfulness is the aware, balanced acceptance of the present experience-dd- It isnt more complicated than that-dd- It is opening to or receiving the present moment, pleasant or unpleasant, just as it is, without either clinging to it or rejecting it-dd- Sylvia Boorstein . In awareness there is no becoming, there is no end to be gained-dd- There is silent observation without choice and condemnation, from which there comes understanding-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The next message you need is always right where you are-dd- Ram Dass . The more we witness our emotional reactions and understand how they work, the easier it is to refrain-dd- Pema Chdrn . You must be completely awake in the present to enjoy the tea-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Awareness without action is worthless-dd- Phil McGraw . Thats life: starting over, one breath at a time-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Breath is the finest gift of nature-dd- Be grateful for this wonderful gift-dd- Amit Ray . If you want to conquer the anxiety of life, live in the moment, live in the breath-dd- Amit Ray . If you have time to breathe you have time to meditate-dd- You breathe when you walk-dd- You breathe when you stand-dd- You breathe when you lie down-dd- Ajahn Amaro . This is universal-dd- You sit and observe your breath-dd- You cant say this is a Hindu breath or a Christian breath or a Muslim breath-dd- Charles Johnson . Mere physical sitting is not enough-dd- You have to sit carefully and attentively-dd- Let your body and breathing sit-dd- Let your mind and emotions sit-dd- Let your blood circulation sit-dd- Let everything sit-dd- Then your sitting becomes indestructible, immovable-dd- Maezumi Roshi . Be aware of your breathing-dd- Notice how this takes attention away from your thinking and creates space-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Breathing is central to every aspect of meditation training-dd- Its a wonderful place to focus in training the mind to be calm and concentrated-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Breathing is the first thing we do upon entering this existence, and the last as well-dd- Thibaut . To meditate with mindful breathing is to bring body and mind back to the present moment so that you do not miss your appointment with life-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Smile, breathe and go slowly-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Watch every thought-dd- Always ask, why am I having this thought-qq- Naval Ravikant . A busy mind accelerates the perceived passage of time-dd- Buy more time by cultivating peace of mind-dd- Naval Ravikant . Mind can be your best friend or your worst enemy-dd- Kabira . If you cultivate the attitude of indifference towards the mind, gradually you will cease to identify with it-dd- Annamalai Swami . Meditation is what is left after youve worked out the clutter within your mind-dd- Ideally it is not a bandaid but a cure where you are progressing towards peace from mind-dd- Kapil Gupta . If you can be continuously aware of each thought as it rises, and if you can be so indifferent to it that it doesnt sprout or flourish, you are well on the way to escaping from the entanglements of mind-dd- Annamalai Swami . When you know that everything that is happening is only appearing on the screen of consciousness, and that you yourself are the screen on which it all appears, nothing can touch you, harm you or make you afraid-dd- Annamalai Swami . Meditation is not a way of making your mind quiet-dd- Its a way of entering into the quiet thats already there  buried under the 50,000 thoughts the average person thinks every day-dd- Deepak Chopra . Every time you create a gap in the stream of mind, the light of your consciousness grows stronger-dd- One day you may catch yourself smiling at the voice in your head-dd- This means that you no longer take the content of your mind all that seriously, as your sense of self does not depend on it-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Realisation is nothing new to be acquired-dd- It is already there, but obstructed by a screen of thoughts-dd- All our attempts are directed to lifting this screen and then realisation is revealed-dd- Ramana Maharshi . All that you are is the result of what you have thought-dd- It is founded on your thoughts-dd- It is made up of your thoughts-dd- Swami Sivananda . Look past your thoughts, so you may drink the pure nectar of this moment-dd- Rumi . Your life doesnt get any better than your mind is: You might have wonderful friends, perfect health, a great career, and everything else you want, and you can still be miserable-dd- The converse is also true: There are people who basically have nothing  who live in circumstances that you and I would do more or less anything to avoid  who are happier than we tend to be because of the character of their minds-dd- Unfortunately, one glimpse of this truth is never enough-dd- We have to be continually reminded of it-dd- Sam Harris (Taming The Mind) . The thoughts resolve themselves-dd- Just sit there with them-dd- The reason they dont get resolved is because youre either running away or fighting them-dd- If you sit there with something long enough, it will get resolved-dd- Naval Ravikant . I think that the mind itself is a muscle and it can be trained and it can be conditioned-dd- It has just been haphazardly conditioned by society out of our control-dd- Naval Ravikant . In my mind, the mind should be a servant and a tool, not a master-dd- Its not something that should be controlling me and driving me 24/7-dd- Naval Ravikant . Modern humans, we dont live enough in our body-dd- We dont live enough in our awareness-dd- We live too much in this internal monologue in our heads-dd- Naval Ravikant . In meditation, you are supposed to closely observe your mind and body, witness the ceaseless arising and passing of all your feelings, and realise how pointless it is to pursue them-dd- When the pursuit stops, the mind becomes very relaxed, clear and satisfied-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . Our mind is accustomed to meditating on the future and the past, but we need to retrain it to come back to the present-dd- Lodro Rinzler . The goal of meditation is precisely to make your mind smooth and manageable so that it can be concentrated or relaxed at will; and especially to free it from the tyranny of mental afflictions and confusion-dd- Matthieu Ricard . The fruit of meditation is not the absence of thoughts, but the fact that thoughts cease to harm us-dd- Bokar Rinpoche . Your goal is not to battle with the mind, but to witness the mind-dd- Swami Muktananda . What is important in meditation is the quality of the mind and the heart-dd- It is not what you achieve, or what you say you attain, but rather the quality of a mind that is innocent and vulnerable-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . To meditate is to observe yourself, for you are totally responsible for your body, mind, thought-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The mind has to be empty to see clearly-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . I dont mind what happens-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Mind is like a mad monkey-dd- Sathya Sai Baba . The mind can be a crazy monkey that is always dying to escape from the moment-dd- Rolf Potts . Distraction is the main problem for us all  what the Buddha called the monkey mind-dd- We need to tame this monkey mind-dd- Tenzin Palmo . My mind swings wildly through time, touching on dozens of ideas a minute, unharnessed and undisciplined-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . Your mind is a wild horse-dd- Logic, the saddle-dd- Meditation, the reins-dd- System Of Systems . Spend twenty minutes every day if possible, in meditation, listening to the crazy monkey mind inside you, and learning how to still the thoughts and discover that big, deep soulful part of yourself-dd- Elizabeth Lesser . The advantage of meditation is not that youre suddenly going to gain the superpower to control your internal state, its that you will recognize just how out of control your mind is-dd- It is like a monkey flinging feces, thats running around the room, making trouble, shouting, breaking things-dd- Its completely uncontrollable-dd- Its an out-of-control mad person-dd- Naval Ravikant . Im trying to turn off my monkey mind-dd- Naval Ravikant . Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer-dd- William S-dd- Burroughs . Our mind is habituated to running amok, not staying focused on something as basic as the breath-dd- This is why meditation practice is difficult-dd- We have spent years habituating ourselves to do anything other than be present with what is going on in this very moment-dd- Lodro Rinzler . Your mind may sometimes be chaotic; it may sometimes be peaceful-dd- In either case, if you can investigate it through simply being present then you are becoming more thoroughly who you are-dd- Lodro Rinzler . You may think Im small, but I have a universe inside my mind-dd- Yoko Ono . You would lose your mind trying to understand mine-dd- Unknown . Insanity is often the logic of an accurate mind overtasked-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . In the untrained mind there is ceaseless movement, filled with plans, ideas, and memories-dd- Seeing this previously unconscious stream of inner dialogue is one of the first insights in meditation practice-dd- Jack Kornfield . The more your mind is occupied by involuntary thoughts, the less working memory is available, which means less cognitive processing power-dd- For your cognitive machinery to work at its optimal capacity, you must clear it of unwanted data, and free up more mental space-dd- The Ancient Sage . Sound is our mind, silence is our being-dd- Osho . Give your fullest attention to whatever the moment presents-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Pay attention to the beauty surrounding you-dd- Anne Lamott . The highest ecstasy is the attention at its fullest-dd- Simone Weil . Thinking is by far the most underrated activity-dd- People consider it unproductive to sit on a bench and think-dd- So they spend their lives doing things they never thought through-dd- An hour of clear thinking, can yield a conclusion that changes your life-dd- Johnny Uzan . Focus is a matter of deciding what things youre not going to do-dd- John Carmack . Put your heart, mind, intellect, and soul even to your smallest acts-dd- This is the secret of success-dd- Swami Sivananda . Do one thing at a time, and while doing it put your whole soul into it to the exclusion of all else-dd- Swami Vivekananda . There is no limit to the power of the human mind-dd- The more concentrated it is, the more power is brought to bear on one point-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Mindfulness is often spoken of as the heart of Buddhist meditation-dd- Its not about Buddhism, but about paying attention-dd- Thats what all meditation is, no matter what tradition or particular technique is used-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Pay attention-dd- Its all about paying attention-dd- Attention is vitality-dd- It connects you with others-dd- It makes you eager-dd- Stay eager-dd- Susan Sontag . Attention is a limited resource, so pay attention to where you pay attention-dd- Howard Rheingold . Concentration is the ability to think about absolutely nothing when it is absolutely necessary-dd- Ray Knight . The ability to focus attention on important things is a defining characteristic of intelligence-dd- Robert J-dd- Shiller . All you have to do is to pay attention; lessons always arrive when you are ready-dd- Paulo Coelho . Concentration is the doorway through which the meditative state becomes available-dd- Gudjon Bergmann . When walking, walk-dd- When eating, eat-dd- Zen proverb . You cant stop the waves, but you can learn to surf-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . A flower does not think of competing to the flower next to it-dd- It just blooms-dd- Zen Shin . Meditation means to be free from all phenomena and calmness means to be internally unperturbed-dd- There will be calmness when one is free from external objects and is not perturbed-dd- Bruce Lee . You cannot control the results, only your actions-dd- Allan Lokos . Like water, we are truest to our nature in repose-dd- Cyril Connolly . Everything that has a beginning has an ending-dd- Make your peace with that and all will be well-dd- Jack Kornfield . Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know-dd- Pema Chdrn . Its helpful to remind yourself that meditation is about opening and relaxing with whatever arises, without picking and choosing-dd- Pema Chdrn . Happy he stands, happy he sits, happy sleeps, and happy he comes and goes-dd- Happy he speaks and happy he eats-dd- This is the life of a man at peace-dd- Ashtavakra Gita . Where there is peace and meditation, there is neither anxiety nor doubt-dd- Saint Francis De Sales . Untrained warriors are soon killed on the battlefield; so also persons untrained in the art of preserving their inner peace are quickly riddled by the bullets of worry and restlessness in active life-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . Peace doesnt mean that you will not have problems-dd- Peace means that your problems will not have you-dd- Tony Evans . The real spiritual progress of the aspirant is measured by the extent to which he achieves inner tranquility-dd- Sivananda . Great tranquility of heart is his who cares for neither praise nor blame-dd- Thomas a Kempis . Having meditated for an hour a day for a few months now, Ive sort of caught up-dd- Ive examined large parts of myself that have faded into the background, and so now what remains when I sit, is peace-dd- Naval Ravikant . Ego says, Once everything falls into place, Ill feel peace-dd- Spirit says, Find your peace, and then everything will fall into place-dd- Marianne Williamson . The word innocence means a mind that is incapable of being hurt-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Without inner peace, outer peace is impossible-dd- Geshe Kelsang Gyatso . To pay attention, this is our endless and proper work-dd- Mary Oliver . Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand-dd- The suns rays do not burn until brought to a focus-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . Each of us is an artist of our days; the greater our integrity and awareness, the more original and creative our time will become-dd- John ODonohue . No great work has ever been produced except after a long interval of still and musing meditation-dd- Walter Bagehot . The feeling that any task is a nuisance will soon disappear if it is done in mindfulness-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Meditation more than anything in my life was the biggest ingredient of whatever success Ive had-dd- Ray Dalio . I would like to spend the rest of my days in a place so silentand working at a pace so slowthat I would be able to hear myself living-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . People spend too much time doing and not enough time thinking about what they should be doing-dd- Naval Ravikant . Youre meant to do something-dd- Youre not just meant to lie there in the sand and meditate all day long-dd- You should self-actualize-dd- You should do what you are meant to do-dd- Naval Ravikant . I cultivate empty space as a way of life for the creative process-dd- Josh Waitzkin (On the Tim Ferriss podcast) . Meditation is as deep and as powerful a tool as I could possibly describe-dd- Josh Waitzkin . The secret is that everything is always on the line-dd- The more present we are at practice, the more present we will be in competition, in the boardroom, at the exam, the operating table, the big stage-dd- If we have any hope of attaining excellence, let alone of showing what weve got under pressure, we have to be prepared by a lifestyle of reinforcement-dd- Presence must be like breathing-dd- Josh Waitzkin (The Art Of Learning) . Concentration is the key to economic results-dd- No other principles of effectiveness is violated as constantly today as the basic principle of concentration-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . To be able to concentrate for a considerable time is essential to difficult achievement-dd- Bertrand Russell . The difference between something good and something great is attention to detail-dd- Charles R-dd- Swindoll . Most people search high and wide for the key to success-dd- If they only knew, the key to their dreams lies within-dd- George Washington Carver . If you can grow in love, you will grow in awareness-dd- If you grow in awareness, you will grow in love-dd- Osho . The greatest gift you can give someone is your time-dd- Rick Warren . The things that matter most in our lives are not fantastic or grand-dd- They are moments when we touch one another-dd- Jack Kornfield . A fit body, a calm mind, a house full of love-dd- These things cannot be bought  they must be earned-dd- Naval Ravikant . Having a calm and compassionate mind enables us to use our natural intelligence more effectively-dd- Dalai Lama . One of the greatest gifts you can give to anyone is the gift of attention-dd- Jim Rohn . The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen-dd- Just listen-dd- Rachel Naomi Remen . A loving silence often has far more power to heal and to connect than the most well-intentioned words-dd- Rachel Naomi Remen . Once you start drinking a little of meditativeness, a little of love, you start growing wings-dd- Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh . Give yourself permission to allow this moment to be exactly as it is, and allow yourself to be exactly as you are-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . It is indeed a radical act of love just to sit down and be quiet for a time by yourself-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Love is the bridge between you and everything-dd- Rumi . One conscious breath in and out is a meditation-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Dont try to solve anything, just be-dd- Maxime Lagac . I just started with watching my breath and evolved from there-dd- Naval Ravikant . No intentions, just be-dd- There cant be any formula-dd- Its available to everyone or not at all-dd- Naval Ravikant . Its hard to recommend a routine as its the ultimate single-player game-dd- Try them all and see which one works for you-dd- Naval Ravikant (Try routine 1, routine 2, routine 3) . This will summon a horde of angry people but I would skip TM [Transcendental Meditation] and apps-dd- No systems, no interference-dd- Pick a dark, quiet place, first thing in the morning, just sit and observe (your breath)-dd- Let everything go, surrender to what happens-dd- One hour per day for one week straight-dd- Naval Ravikant . Sit down, close your eyes, get in a comfortable position, and whatever happens, happens-dd- If you think, you think-dd- If you dont think, you dont think-dd- Dont put any effort into it-dd- Naval Ravikant . Please, when you practice meditation, dont make any effort-dd- Allow yourself to be like a pebble at rest-dd- The pebble is resting at the bottom of a river, and the pebble does not have to do anything-dd- While you are a walking, you are resting-dd- While you were sitting, you are resting-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . When sitting in meditation, say, Thats not my business-xx- with every thought that comes by-dd- Ajahn Chah . When you begin to meditate you may notice changes right away-dd- Or nothing much may seem to change-dd- Dont count on anything dramatic-dd- Most changes happen slowly-dd- Ram Dass . Meditate every single day-dd- Not once in a while-dd- Every single day-dd- Khensu . 1-dd- Sit comfortably, with your spine erect, either in a chair or cross-legged on a cushion-dd- 2-dd- Close your eyes, take a few deep breaths, and feel the points of contact between your body and the chair or the floor-dd- Notice the sensations associated with sitting  feelings of pressure, warmth, tingling, vibration, etc-dd- 3-dd- Gradually become aware of the process of breathing-dd- Pay attention to wherever you feel the breath most distinctly  either at your nostrils or in the rising and falling of your abdomen-dd- 4-dd- Allow your attention to rest in the mere sensation of breathing-dd- (You dont have to control your breath-dd- Just let it come and go naturally-dd-) 5-dd- Every time your mind wanders in thought, gently return it to the breath-dd- 6-dd- As you focus on the process of breathing, you will also perceive sounds, bodily sensations, or emotions-dd- Simply observe these phenomena as they appear in consciousness and then return to the breath-dd- 7-dd- The moment you notice that you have been lost in thought, observe the present thought itself as an object of consciousness-dd- Then return your attention to the breath  or to any sounds or sensations arising in the next moment-dd- 8-dd- Continue in this way until you can merely witness all objects of consciousness  sights, sounds, sensations, emotions, even thoughts themselves  as they arise, change, and pass away-dd- . Just sit, breathe, and pay attention to what its like to be you-dd- Nothing to add-dd- Nothing to take away-dd- Nothing to fix, or change or do-dd- Just you  sitting, breathing, paying attention-dd- You are welcome here-dd- Here you belong-dd- Here you are enough-dd- Breathe-dd- Jason Garner . In every walk in with nature one receives far more than he seeks-dd- John Muir . By discovering nature, you discover yourself-dd- Maxime Lagac . Going to the mountains is going home-dd- John Muir . Love the world as your own self; then you can truly care for all things-dd- Lao Tzu . Nature is pleased with simplicity-dd- And nature is no dummy-dd- Isaac Newton . We dont inherit the earth from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children-dd- Native American proverb . The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness-dd- John Muir . Adopt the pace of nature-dd- Her secret is patience-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads-dd- Henry David Thoreau . I took a walk in the woods and came out taller than the trees-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Time spent amongst trees is never time wasted-dd- (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . I only went out for a walk and finally concluded to stay out till sundown, for going out, I found, was really going in-dd- John Muir . And into the forest I go to lose my mind and find my soul-dd- John Muir . It was for the best, so Nature had no choice but to do it-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Nature, time and patience are the three great physicians-dd- Chinese proverb . Choose only one master  nature-dd- Rembrandt . Leave the road, take the trails-dd- Pythagoras . The most beautiful gift of nature is that it gives one pleasure to look around and try to comprehend what we see-dd- Albert Einstein . Id rather have roses on my table than diamonds on my neck-dd- Emma Goldman . Life sucks a lot less when you add mountain air, a campfire and some peace and quiet-dd- Brooke Hampton . Nature never hurries-dd- Atom by atom, little by little, she achieves her work-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home weve ever known-dd- Carl Sagan . Nature is just enough; but men and women must comprehend and accept her suggestions-dd- Antoinette Brown Blackwell . For most of history, man has had to fight nature to survive; in this century he is beginning to realize that, in order to survive, he must protect it-dd- Jacques-Yves Cousteau . Those who contemplate the beauty of the earth find reserves of strength that will endure as long as life lasts-dd- Rachel Carson . There is something infinitely healing in the repeated refrains of nature  the assurance that dawn comes after night, and spring after winter-dd- Rachel Carson . There is a way that nature speaks, that land speaks-dd- Most of the time we are simply not patient enough, quiet enough, to pay attention to the story-dd- Linda Hogan . I felt my lungs inflate with the onrush of scenery  air, mountains, trees, people-dd- I thought, This is what it is to be happy-dd- Sylvia Plath . There I feel that nothing can befall me-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Normality is a paved road; its comfortable to walk, but no flowers grow-dd- Vincent van Gogh . The fairest thing in nature, a flower, still has its roots in earth and manure-dd- D-dd- H-dd- Lawrence . If we surrendered to earths intelligence we could rise up rooted, like trees-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . If people sat outside and looked at the stars each night, Ill bet they would live a lot differently-dd- Unknown . And then, I have nature and art and poetry, and if that is not enough, what is enough-qq- Vincent van Gogh . Mans heart away from nature becomes hard-dd- Standing Bear (This is one of my favorite nature quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know whats yours-xx-) . Nature is an endless combination and repetition of a very few laws-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Nature is the art of God-dd- Dante Alghieri . Nature is indifferent to our love, but never unfaithful-dd- Edward Abbey . Nature is cheaper than therapy-dd- Unknown . Nature is an infinite sphere of which the center is everywhere and the circumference nowhere-dd- Blaise Pascal . Nature is not our enemy, to be raped and conquered-dd- Nature is ourselves, to be cherished and explored-dd- Terence McKenna . Nature is as well adapted to our weakness as to our strength-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Nature is not human hearted-dd- Lao Tzu . Nature is our mother-dd- Latin proverb . Nature is the phenomena of the physical world collectively, including plants, animals, the landscape, and other features and products of the earth, as opposed to humans or human creations-dd- Google . Nature, in the broadest sense, is the natural, physical, or material world or universe-dd- Wikipedia . The earth has music for those who listen-dd- William Shakespeare . I like this place and could willingly waste my time in it-dd- William Shakespeare . Dont judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . I think natures imagination is so much greater than mans, shes never going to let us relax-dd- Richard Feynman . Look into nature, and then you will understand it better-dd- Albert Einstein . How could this earth of ours, which is only a speck in the heavens, have so much variety of life, so many curious and exciting creatures-qq- Walt Disney . Nature is not an engineer or a contractor, and I myself am a part of Nature-dd- Albert Einstein (On whether his life was a success or failure) . All things in nature occur mathematically-dd- Ren Descartes . Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished-dd- Lao Tzu . The earth laughs in flowers-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Many eyes go through the meadow, but few see the flowers in it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The first in time and the first in importance of the influences upon the mind is that of nature-dd- Every day, the sun; and, after sunset, night and her stars-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I am the lover of uncontained and immortal beauty-dd- In the wilderness, I find something more dear and connate than in streets or villages-dd- In the tranquil landscape, and especially in the distant line of the horizon, man beholds somewhat as beautiful as his own nature-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Nature is loved by what is best in us-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The sun illuminates only the eye of the man, but shines into the eye and the heart of the child-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The lover of nature is he whose inward and outward senses are still truly adjusted to each other; who has retained the spirit of infancy even into the era of manhood-dd- His intercourse with heaven and earth, becomes part of his daily food-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Everything in nature goes by law, and not by luck-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Nature always wears the colors of the spirit-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The mountains are calling and I must go-dd- John Muir . I never saw a discontented tree-dd- John Muir . Most people are on the world, not in it-dd- John Muir . Who wouldnt be a mountaineer-xx- Up here all the worlds prizes seem nothing-dd- John Muir . Another glorious day, the air as delicious to the lungs as nectar to the tongue-dd- John Muir . When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world-dd- John Muir . The sun shines not on us but in us-dd- John Muir . An early morning walk is a blessing for the whole day-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Every morning was a cheerful invitation to make my life of equal simplicity, and I may say innocence, with Nature herself-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Live in each season as it passes; breathe the air, drink the drink, taste the fruit, and resign yourself to the influence of the earth-dd- Henry David Thoreau . I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived-dd- Henry David Thoreau . This curious world we inhabit is more wonderful than convenient; more beautiful than it is useful; it is more to be admired and enjoyed than used-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Nature does nothing uselessly-dd- Aristotle . The poetry of the earth is never dead-dd- John Keats . Nature, to be controlled, must be obeyed-dd- Francis Bacon . Nature is not a place to visit-dd- It is home-dd- Gary Snyder . The world is always in movement-dd- V-dd- S-dd- Naipaul . An inflexible tree breaks in a storm-dd- Matshona Dhliwayo . The earth is what we all have in common-dd- Wendell Berry . Colors are the smiles of nature-dd- Leigh Hunt . Be kind to everything that lives-dd- Unknown . There is beauty in simplicity-dd- Unknown . I love places that make you realize how tiny you and your problems are-dd- Unknown . All good things are wild and free-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Go where you feel most alive-dd- Unknown . The best views comes after the hardest climb-dd- Unknown . It is in the still silence of nature where one will find true bliss-dd- Unknown . Not all classrooms have four walls-dd- Unknown . Because when you stop and look around, this life is pretty amazing-dd- Unknown . Beautiful things dont ask for attention-dd- Unknown . The goal of life is living in agreement with nature-dd- Zeno . Deep in their roots, all flowers keep the light-dd- Theodore Roethke . The earth has its music for those who will listen-dd- George Santanaya . Butterflies are self-propelled flowers-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Nature rarely surrenders one of her magnificent secrets-dd- Albert Einstein . Nothing is art if it does not come from nature-dd- Antoni Gaudi . Live, travel, adventure, bless, and dont be sorry-dd- Jack Kerouac . A weed is no more than a flower in disguise-dd- James Russell Lowell . Wildness is the preservation of the world-dd- Henry David Thoreau . If you want to shine like a sun, first burn like a sun-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . Men argue-dd- Nature acts-dd- Voltaire . Between every two pines there is a doorway to a new world-dd- John Muir . All my life through, the new sights of Nature made me rejoice like a child-dd- Marie Curie . Not just beautiful, thoughthe stars are like the trees in the forest, alive and breathing-dd- And theyre watching me-dd- Haruki Murakami . I believe a leaf of grass is no less than the journey-work of the stars-dd- Walt Whitman . We are now in the mountains and they are in us, kindling enthusiasm, making every nerve quiver, filling every pore and cell of us-dd- John Muir . I am losing precious days-dd- I am degenerating into a machine for making money-dd- I am learning nothing in this trivial world of men-dd- I must break away and get out into the mountains to learn the news-dd- John Muir . It is said that the forest has a certain limit if you look straight ahead, but the sides are boundless-dd- Riccardo Bozzi . I go to nature to be soothed and healed, and to have my senses put in order-dd- John Burroughs . Great things are done by a series of small things brought together-dd- Vincent van Gogh . May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view-dd- May your mountains rise into and above the clouds-dd- Edward Abbey . At one time in the world there were woods that no one owned-dd- Cormac McCarthy . We still do not know one thousandth of one percent of what nature has revealed to us-dd- Albert Einstein . Nature abhors a vacuum, and if I can only walk with sufficient carelessness I am sure to be filled-dd- Henry David Thoreau . There is nothing pleasanter than spading when the ground is soft and damp-dd- John Steinbeck . The sunlight claps the earth, and the moonbeams kiss the sea: what are all these kissings worth, if thou kiss not me-qq- Percy Bysshe Shelley . Dont be ashamed to weep; tis right to grieve-dd- Tears are only water, and flowers, trees, and fruit cannot grow without water-dd- Brian Jacques . This life is yours-dd- Take the power to choose what you want to do and do it well-dd- Take the power to love what you want in life and love it honestly-dd- Take the power to walk in the forest and be a part of nature-dd- Take the power to control your own life-dd- No one else can do it for you-dd- Take the power to make your life happy-dd- Susan Polis Schutz . When you do something noble and beautiful and nobody noticed, do not be sad-dd- For the sun every morning is a beautiful spectacle and yet most of the audience still sleeps-dd- John Lennon . The air was soft, the stars so fine, the promise of every cobbled alley so great, that I thought I was in a dream-dd- Jack Kerouac . I was surprised, as always, by how easy the act of leaving was, and how good it felt-dd- The world was suddenly rich with possibility-dd- Jack Kerouac . We have lived our lives by the assumption that what was good for us would be good for the world-dd- We have been wrong-dd- We must change our lives so that it will be possible to live by the contrary assumption, that what is good for the world will be good for us-dd- And that requires that we make the effort to know the world and learn what is good for it-dd- Wendell Berry . If you will stay close to nature, to its simplicity, to the small things hardly noticeable, those things can unexpectedly become great and immeasurable-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . Go outside-dd- Dont tell anyone and dont bring your phone-dd- Start walking and keep walking until you no longer know the road like the palm of your hand, because we walk the same roads day in and day out, to the bus and back home and we cease to see-dd- Charlotte Eriksson . Just walk, see, sit down if you like-dd- And be-dd- Just be, whatever you are with whatever you have, and realise that that is enough to be happy-dd- Charlotte Eriksson . Theres a whole world out there, right outside your window-dd- Youd be a fool to miss it-dd- Charlotte Eriksson . The butterfly counts not months but moments; and has time enough-dd- Rabindranith Tagore . Every flower is a soul blossoming in nature-dd- Gerard De Nerval . The world owes you nothing-dd- It was here first-dd- Mark Twain . Nature knows no indecencies; man invents them-dd- Mark Twain . Architects cannot teach nature anything-dd- Mark Twain . In the spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours-dd- Mark Twain . I like it when a flower or a little tuft of grass grows through a crack in the concrete-dd- Its so heroic-dd- George Carlin . I think it annoys God if you walk by the color purple in a field and dont notice-dd- Alice Walker . Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function-dd- Joseph Wood Krutch . People from a planet without flowers would think we must be mad with joy the whole time to have such things about us-dd- Iris Murdoch . I love nature, I just dont want to get any of it on me-dd- Woody Allen . Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet-dd- Roger Miller . You cant be suspicious of a tree, or accuse a bird or a squirrel of subversion or challenge the ideology of a violet-dd- Hal Borland . A man on foot, on horseback or on a bicycle will see more, feel more, enjoy more in one mile than the motorized tourists can in a hundred miles-dd- Edward Abbey . Nature has no mercy at all-dd- Nature says, Im going to snow-dd- If you have on a bikini and no snowshoes, thats tough-dd- I am going to snow anyway-dd- Maya Angelou . To me a lush carpet of pine needles or spongy grass is more welcome than the most luxurious Persian rug-dd- Helen Keller . One can no more approach people without love than one can approach bees without care-dd- Such is the quality of bees-dd- Leo Tolstoy . On every stem, on every leaf and at the root of everything that grew, was a professional specialist in the shape of grub, caterpillar, aphis, or other expert, whose business it was to devour that particular part-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . I never really understood the word loneliness-dd- As far as I was concerned, I was in an orgy with the sky and the ocean, and with nature-dd- Bjrk . The garden suggests there might be a place where we can meet nature halfway-dd- Michael Pollan . Of all the paths you take in life, make sure a few of them are dirt-dd- John Muir . Ordinarily, I go to the woods alone, with not a single friend, for they are all smilers and talkers and therefore unsuitable-dd- Mary Oliver . Its the idea that people living close to nature tend to be noble-dd- Its seeing all those sunsets that does it-dd- You cant watch a sunset and then go off and set fire to your neighbors tepee-dd- Daniel Quinn . Maybe kissing is sort of like natures coffee-dd- Scott Westerfeld . I was determined to know beans-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A flower is an educated weed-dd- Luther Burbank . The world is big and I want to have a good look at it before it gets dark-dd- John Muir . The woods are lovely, dark and deep-dd- But I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep-dd- Robert Frost . The least movement is of importance to all nature-dd- The entire ocean is affected by a pebble-dd- Blaise Pascal . Be a loner-dd- That gives you time to wonder, to search for the truth-dd- Have holy curiosity-dd- Make your life worth living-dd- Albert Einstein . To forget how to dig the earth and to tend the soil is to forget ourselves-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . We need the tonic of wildnessAt the same time that we are earnest to explore and learn all things, we require that all things be mysterious and unexplorable, that land and sea be indefinitely wild, unsurveyed and unfathomed by us because unfathomable-dd- We can never have enough of nature-dd- Henry David Thoreau . There is an element of truth in everything-dd- Nature teaches, although it can sometimes be misleading-dd- Bruce Lee . I go to books and to nature as the bee goes to a flower, for a nectar that I can make into my own honey-dd- John Burroughs . Thousands of tired, nerve-shaken, over-civilized people are beginning to find out that going to the mountains is going home; that wildness is a necessity-dd- John Muir . Man is the most insane species-dd- He worships an invisible God and destroys a visible Nature-dd- Unaware that this Nature hes destroying is this God hes worshiping-dd- Hubert Reeves . Everything in nature invites us constantly to be what we are-dd- Gretel Ehrlich . I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority-dd- E-dd-B-dd- White . Does anything in nature despair except man-qq- An animal with a foot caught in a trap does not seem to despair-dd- It is too busy trying to survive-dd- It is all closed in, to a kind of still, intense waiting-dd- Is this a key-qq- Keep busy with survival-dd- Imitate the trees-dd- Learn to lose in order to recover, and remember that nothing stays the same for long, not even pain, psychic pain-dd- Sit it out-dd- Let it all pass-dd- Let it go-dd- May Sarton . Sit down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every preconceived notion, follow humbly wherever and to whatever abysses nature leads, or you shall learn nothing-dd- I have only begun to learn content and peace of mind since I have resolved at all risks to do this-dd- Thomas Henry Huxley . I felt like lying down by the side of the trail and remembering it all-dd- The woods do that to you, they always look familiar, long lost, like the face of a long-dead relative, like an old dream, like a piece of forgotten song drifting across the water, most of all like golden eternities of past childhood or past manhood and all the living and the dying and the heartbreak that went on a million years ago and the clouds as they pass overhead seem to testify (by their own lonesome familiarity) to this feeling-dd- Jack Kerouac . The goal of life is to make your heartbeat match the beat of the universe, to match your nature with Nature-dd- Joseph Campbell . The love of wilderness is more than a hunger for what is always beyong reach; it is also an expression of loyalty to the earth, the earth which bore us and sustains us, the only paradise we shall ever know, the only paradise we ever need, if only we had the eyes to see-dd- Edward Abbey . Nature magically suits the man to his fortunes, by making these the fruit of his character-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Everything in nature contains all the power of nature-dd- Everything is made of one hidden stuff-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Art is the child of nature in whom we trace the features of the mothers face-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . There are in nature neither rewards nor punishments  there are consequences-dd- Robert G-dd- Ingersoll . Adapt or perish, now as never, is natures inexorable imperative-dd- H-dd-G-dd- Wells . If people think that nature is their friend, then they sure dont need an enemy-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Earth has no sorrow that earth can not heal-dd- John Muir . Never does nature say one thing and wisdom another-dd- Juvenal . Natures law is stronger than any little law you have made for yourself-dd- Frank A-dd- De Puy . The goal is to discover your nature and nature helps you do it-dd- Maxime Lagac . Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best-dd- Henry van Dyke . Never, no, never did nature say one thing and wisdom another-dd- Edmund Burke . If a man walks in the woods for love of them half of each day, he is in danger of being regarded as a loafer-dd- But if he spends his days as a speculator, shearing off those woods and making the earth bald before her time, he is deemed an industrious and enterprising citizen-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The day has eyes; the night has ears-dd- David Fergusson . Nature never wears a mean appearance-dd- Neither does the wisest man extort her secret, and lose his curiosity by finding out all her perfection-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Nature never became a toy to a wise spirit-dd- The flowers, the animals, the mountains, reflected the wisdom of his best hour, as much as they had delighted the simplicity of this childhood-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Science cannot solve the ultimate mystery of nature-dd- And that is because, in the last analysis, we ourselves are a part of the mystery that we are trying to solve-dd- Max Planck . My profession is always to be alert, to find God in nature, to know Gods lurking places, to attend to all the oratorios and the operas in nature-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Those who dwell, as scientists or laymen, among the beauties and mysteries of the earth are never alone or weary of life-dd- Rachel Carson . The world is not to be put in order-dd- The world is order-dd- It is for us to put ourselves in unison with this order-dd- Henry Miller . The first wildflower of the year is like land after sea-dd- Thomas Wentworth Higginson . Nature never did betray the heart that loved her-dd- William Wordsworth . A morning-glory at my window satisfies me more than the metaphysics of books-dd- Walt Whitman . I just wish the world was twice as big and half of it was still unexplored-dd- David Attenborough . I cannot endure to waste anything so precious as autumnal sunshine by staying in the house-dd- Nathaniel Hawthorne . To find the universal elements enough; to find the air and the water exhilarating; to be refreshed by a morning walk or an evening saunter to be thrilled by the stars at night; to be elated over a birds nest or a wildflower in spring  these are some of the rewards of the simple life-dd- John Burroughs . It is a wholesome and necessary thing for us to turn again to the earth and in the contemplation of her beauties to know of wonder and humility-dd- Rachel Carson . The richness I achieve comes from Nature, the source of my inspiration-dd- Claude Monet . Looking at beauty in the world, is the first step of purifying the mind-dd- Amit Ray . Natures beauty is a gift that cultivates appreciation and gratitude-dd- Louie Schwartzberg . Some of natures most exquisite handiwork is on a miniature scale, as anyone knows who has applied a magnifying glass to a snowflake-dd- Rachel Carson . After sleeping through a hundred million centuries we have finally opened our eyes on a sumptuous planet, sparkling with color, bountiful with life-dd- Within decades we must close our eyes again-dd- Isnt it a noble, an enlightened way of spending our brief time in the sun, to work at understanding the universe and how we have come to wake up in it-qq- This is how I answer when I am asked  as I am surprisingly often  why I bother to get up in the mornings-dd- Richard Dawkins . To sit in the shade on a fine day, and look upon verdure is the most perfect refreshment-dd- Jane Austen . Joy in looking and comprehending is natures most beautiful gift-dd- Albert Einstein . The beauty of the natural world lies in the details-dd- Natalie Angier . After all, I dont see why I am always asking for private, individual, selfish miracles when every year there are miracles like white dogwood-dd- Anne Morrow Lindbergh . The scientist does not study nature because it is useful to do so-dd- He studies it because he takes pleasure in it, and he takes pleasure in it because it is beautiful-dd- If nature were not beautiful it would not be worth knowing, and life would not be worth living-dd- Henri Poincar . If you wish to know the divine, feel the wind on your face and the warm sun on your hand-dd- Buddha . Everyone likes birds-dd- What wild creature is more accessible to our eyes and ears, as close to us and everyone in the world, as universal as a bird-dd- David Attenborough . Great things are done when men and mountains meet-dd- This is not done by jostling in the street-dd- William Blake . Everything in nature is lyrical in its ideal essence, tragic in its fate, and comic in its existence-dd- George Santanaya . I care to live only to entice people to look at Natures loveliness-dd- John Muir . In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous-dd- Aristotle . I firmly believe that nature brings solace in all troubles-dd- Anne Frank . The love for all living creatures is the most noble attribute of man-dd- Charles Darwin . The forest makes your heart gentle-dd- You become one with it-dd- No place for greed or anger there-dd- Pha Pachak . Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summers day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time-dd- John Lubbock . He who hears the rippling of rivers in these degenerate days will not utterly despair-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Nature rejuvenates so quickly, so completely-dd- Though we often view ourselves otherwise, we are nature-dd- Jeb Dickerson . Watching birds has become part of my daily meditation affirming my connection to the earth body-dd- Carol P-dd- Christ . Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where Nature may heal and cheer and give strength to body and soul alike-dd- John Muir . Keep close to Natures heart and break clear away, once in awhile, and climb a mountain or spend a week in the woods-dd- Wash your spirit clean-dd- John Muir . One days exposure to mountains is better than a cartload of books-dd- John Muir . Forests, lakes, and rivers, clouds and winds, stars and flowers, stupendous glaciers and crystal snowflakes  every form of animate or inanimate existence, leaves its impress upon the soul of man-dd- Orison Swett Marden . Standing on the bare ground  my head bathed by the blithe air and uplifted into infinite space  all mean egotism vanishes-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I become a transparent eyeball; I am nothing; I see all; the currents of the Universal Being circulate through me; I am part or parcel of God-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I value my garden more for being full of blackbirds than of cherries, and very frankly give them fruit for their songs-dd- Joseph Addison . What I know of the divine sciences and Holy Scriptures, I learned in woods and fields-dd- I have no other masters than the beeches and the oaks-dd- Saint Bernard of Clairvaux . Give me odorous at sunrise a garden of beautiful flowers where I can walk undisturbed-dd- Walt Whitman . If you cant be in awe of Mother Nature, theres something wrong with you-dd- Alex Trebek . To me, Mother Nature isnt nearly as scary as human nature-dd- Paula Stokes . Nature is not benevolent: with ruthless indifference she makes all things serve their purposes-dd- Lao Tzu . Sometimes Mother Nature has the answers when you do not even know the questions-dd- Keith Wynn . As a scientist, I believe that nature is a perfect structure, seen from the standpoint of reason and logical analysis-dd- Albert Einstein . Shall I not have intelligence with the earth-qq- Am I not partly leaves and vegetable mold myself-qq- Henry David Thoreau . Mother Nature presents neither a wrinkled face nor tottering form, but constantly renews the bloom of her youth, while time fills up the volumes of her history-dd- James Lendall Basford . Our downfall as a species is that we are arrogant enough to think that we can control Mother Nature and stupid enough to think it is our job-dd- Greg Peterson . In every outthrust headland, in every curving beach, in every grain of sand there is the story of the earth-dd- Rachel Carson . He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature-dd- Socrates . Ones true nature is revealed in time of difficulty-dd- Chinese proverb . Rivers and mountains may change; human nature, never-dd- Chinese proverb . Speaking comes by nature, silence by understanding-dd- German proverb . Man has demonstrated that he is master of everything  except his own nature-dd- Henry Miller . Man is not, by nature, deserving of all that he wants-dd- When we think that we are automatically entitled to something, that is when we start walking all over others to get it-dd- Criss Jami . Everything in nature invites us constantly to be what we are-dd- Gretel Ehrlich . Its very, very dangerous to lose contact with living nature-dd- Albert Hofmann . Every living organism is fulfilled when it follows the right path for its own nature-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Scenery is fine  but human nature is finer-dd- John Keats . Wilderness is not a luxury but a necessity of the human spirit, and as vital to our lives as water and good bread-dd- Edward Abbey . There are always flowers for those who want to see them-dd- Henri Matisse . The different accidents of life are not so changeable as the feelings of human nature-dd- Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley (Frankenstein) . A nobler want of man is served by nature, namely, the love of beauty-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Man is by nature a political animal-dd- Aristotle . I can enjoy society in a room; but out of doors, nature is company enough for me-dd- William Hazlitt . We do not see nature with our eyes, but with our understandings and our hearts-dd- William Hazlitt . The human spirit needs places where nature has not been rearranged by the hand of man-dd- Unknown . Human nature is not black and white but black and grey-dd- Graham Greene . If you truly love Nature, you will find beauty everywhere-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature-dd- It will never fail you-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . The earth has received the embrace of the sun and we shall see the results of that love-dd- Sitting Bull . Come forth into the light of things, let nature be your teacher-dd- William Wordsworth . I have loved the feel of the grass under my feet, and the sound of the running streams by my side-dd- The hum of the wind in the tree-tops has always been good music to me, and the face of the fields has often comforted me more than the faces of men-dd- John Burroughs . He that plants trees love others besides himself-dd- Thomas Fuller . Explore the forests, climb the mountains, bag the peaks, run the rivers, breathe deep of that yet sweet and lucid air, sit quietly for a while and contemplate the precious stillness, the lovely, mysterious, and awesome space-dd- Edward Abbey . Like music and art, love of nature is a common language that can transcend political or social boundaries-dd- Jimmy Carter . But especially he loved to run in the dim twilight of the summer midnights, listening to the subdued and sleepy murmurs of the forest, reading signs and sounds as a man may read a book, and seeking for the mysterious something that called, waking or sleeping, at all times, for him to come-dd- Jack London . No better way is there to learn to love Nature than to understand Art-dd- It dignifies every flower of the field-dd- And, the boy who sees the thing of beauty which a bird on the wing becomes when transferred to wood or canvas will probably not throw the customary stone-dd- Oscar Wilde . There is a pleasure in the pathless woods-dd- There is a rapture on the lonely shore-dd- There is society, where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar: I love not Man the less, but nature more-dd- George Gordon Byron . Whoever loves and understands a garden will find contentment within-dd- Chinese proverb . No man fears what he has seen grow-dd- African Proverb . Nature holds the key to our aesthetic, intellectual, cognitive and even spiritual satisfaction-dd- E-dd- O-dd- Wilson . It takes time for a fruit to mature and acquire sweetness and become eatable; time is a prime factor for most good fortunes-dd- Atharva Veda . I still find each day too short for all the thoughts I want to think, all the walks I want to take, all the books I want to read, and all the friends I want to see-dd- John Burroughs . A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books, music, love for ones neighbor  such is my idea of happiness-dd- Leo Tolstoy . One touch of nature makes the whole world kin-dd- John Muir . One should go to the woods for safety, if for nothing else-dd- John Muir . If I were to name the three most precious resources of life, I should say books, friends, and nature-dd- John Burroughs . Pleasure is spread through the earth in stray gifts to be claimed by whoever shall find-dd- William Wordsworth . The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance; the wise grows it under his feet-dd- James Oppenheim . How fair is a garden amid the trials and passions of existence-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship-dd- William Blake . An understanding of the natural world and whats in it is a source of not only a great curiosity but great fulfillment-dd- David Attenborough . The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God-dd- Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be and that God wishes to see people happy, amidst the simple beauty of nature-dd- Anne Frank . Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance-dd- This is the law of nature-dd- Steve Maraboli . I am comforted by lifes stability, by earths unchangeableness-dd- What has seemed new and frightening assumes its place in the unfolding of knowledge-dd- It is good to know our universe-dd- What is new is only new to us-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings-dd- I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . One of the most important resources that a garden makes available for use, is the gardeners own body-dd- A garden gives the body the dignity of working in its own support-dd- It is a way of rejoining the human race-dd- Wendell Berry . Instructions for living a life-dd- Pay attention-dd- Be astonished-dd- Tell about it-dd- Mary Oliver . If you have a garden and library, you have everything you need-dd- Cicero . Every child is born a naturalist-dd- Their eyes are, by nature, open to the glories of the stars, the beauty of the flowers, and the mystery of life-dd- R-dd- Search . If you tend to a flower, it will bloom, no matter how many weeds surround it-dd- Matshona Dhliwayo . Let children walk with Nature, let them see the beautiful blendings and communions of death and life, their joyous inseparable unity, as taught in woods and meadows, plains and mountains and streams of our blessed star, and they will learn that death is stingless indeed, and as beautiful as life-dd- . The sky lovingly smiles on the earth and her children-dd- Henry Morton Stanley . Spring is the time of plans and projects-dd- Leo Tolstoy . You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep spring from coming-dd- Pablo Neruda . Green was the silence, wet was the light, the month of June trembled like a butterfly-dd- Pablo Neruda . No man can taste the fruits of autumn while he is delighting his scent with the flowers of spring-dd- Samuel Johnson . If people did not love one another, I really dont see what use there would be in having any spring-dd- Victor Hugo . It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade-dd- Charles Dickens . Its spring fever-dd- That is what the name of it is-dd- And when youve got it, you wantoh, you dont quite know what it is you do want, but it just fairly makes your heart ache, you want it so-xx- Mark Twain . It is spring again-dd- The earth is like a child that knows poems by heart-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . In the spring, at the end of the day, you should smell like dirt-dd- Margaret Atwood . What good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness-dd- John Steinbeck . Summer afternoon  summer afternoon; to me those have always been the two most beautiful words in the English language-dd- Henry James . And so with the sunshine and the great bursts of leaves growing on the trees, just as things grow in fast movies, I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . One swallow does not make a summer, neither does one fine day; similarly one day or brief time of happiness does not make a person entirely happy-dd- Aristotle . Summer will end soon enough, and childhood as well-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game of Thrones) . Days decrease  and autumn grows, autumn in everything-dd- Robert Browning . No spring nor summer beauty hath such grace as I have seen in one autumnal face-dd- John Donne . Delicious autumn-xx- My very soul is wedded to it, and if I were a bird I would fly about the earth seeking the successive autumns-dd- George Eliot . Why is summer mist romantic and autumn mist just sad-qq- Dodie Smith . Autumn wins you best by this, its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay-dd- Robert Browning . Autumns the mellow time-dd- William Allingham . Autumn is the mellower season, and what we lose in flowers we more than gain in fruits-dd- Samuel Butler . Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower-dd- Albert Camus . Winter is coming-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game of Thrones) . Melancholy were the sounds on a winters night-dd- Virginia Woolf . Winter is the time for comfort, for good food and warmth, for the touch of a friendly hand and for a talk beside the fire: it is the time for home-dd- Edith Sitwell . The ghostly winter silence had given way to the great spring murmur of awakening life-dd- Jack London . Even the strongest blizzards start with a single snowflake-dd- Sara Raasch . I wonder if the snow loves the trees and fields, that it kisses them so gently-qq- And then it covers them up snug, you know, with a white quilt; and perhaps it says Go to sleep, darlings, till the summer comes again-dd- Lewis Carroll . Spring passes and one remembers ones innocence-dd- Summer passes and one remembers ones exuberance-dd- Autumn passes and one remembers ones reverence-dd- Winter passes and one remembers ones perseverance-dd- Yoko Ono . If winter comes, can spring be far behind-qq- Percy Bysshe Shelley . Will you love me in December as you do in May-qq- Jack Kerouac . I am not an atheist but an earthiest-dd- Be true to the earth-dd- Edward Abbey . Ive always regarded nature as the clothing of God-dd- Alan Hovhaness . When one loses the deep intimate relationship with nature, then temples, mosques and churches become important-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . What I see in Nature is a magnificent structure that we can comprehend only very imperfectly, and that must fill a thinking person with a feeling of humility-dd- This is a genuinely religious feeling that has nothing to do with mysticism-dd- Albert Einstein . In every true searcher of Nature there is a kind of religious reverence, for he finds it impossible to imagine that he is the first to have thought out the exceedingly delicate threads that connect his perceptions-dd- Albert Einstein . Try and penetrate with our limited means the secrets of nature and you will find that, behind all the discernible concatenations, there remains something subtle, intangible, and inexplicable-dd- Albert Einstein . Veneration for this force beyond anything that we can comprehend is my religion-dd- To that extent I am, in point of fact, religious-dd- Albert Einstein . We need to find God, and he cannot be found in noise and restlessness-dd- God is the friend of silence-dd- See how nature  trees, flowers, grass  grows in silence; see the stars, the moon and the sun, how they move in silence We need silence to be able to touch souls-dd- Mother Teresa . I perceive God everywhere in His works-dd- I sense Him in me; I see Him all around me-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . God writes the gospel not in the Bible alone, but on trees and flowers and clouds and stars-dd- Unknown . Something of God flows into us from the blue of the sky, the taste of honey, the delicious embrace of water whether cold or hot, and even from sleep itself-dd- C-dd- S-dd- Lewis . While we are actually subjected to them, the moods and spirits of nature point no morals-dd- Overwhelming gaiety, insupportable grandeur, sombre desolation are flung at you-dd- Make what you can of them, if you must make at all-dd- The only imperative that nature utters is, Look-dd- Listen-dd- Attend-dd- C-dd- S-dd- Lewis . In the woods is perpetual youth-dd- Within these plantations of God, a decorum and sanctify reign, a perennial festival is dressed, and the guest sees not how he should tire of them in a thousands years-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Reading about nature is fine, but if a person walks in the woods and listens carefully, he can learn more than what is in books, for they speak with the voice of God-dd- George Washington Carver . I believe in God, only I spell it Nature-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . God has cared for these trees, saved them from drought, disease, avalanches, and a thousand tempests and floods-dd- Even so, God cannot save them from fools-dd- John Muir . I love to think of nature as an unlimited broadcasting station, through which God speaks to us every hour, if we will only tune in-dd- George Washington Carver . Nature is my manifestation of God-dd- Unknown . Flowers are the sweetest things that God ever made and forgot to put a soul into-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God-dd- Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be and that God wishes to see people happy, amidst the simple beauty of nature-dd- Anne Frank . Every dewdrop and raindrop had a whole heaven within it-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . I believe that there is a subtle magnetism in Nature, which, if we unconsciously yield to it, will direct us aright-dd- Henry David Thoreau . On earth there is no heaven, but there are pieces of it-dd- Jules Renard . I go to nature every day for inspiration in the days work-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars-dd- Oscar Wilde . Maybe thats what life is a wink of the eye and winking stars-dd- Jack Kerouac . Theres a sunrise and a sunset every single day, and theyre absolutely free-dd- Dont miss so many of them-dd- Jo Walton . This grand show is eternal-dd- It is always sunrise somewhere; the dew is never all dried at once; a shower is forever falling; vapor is ever rising-dd- Eternal sunrise, eternal sunset, eternal dawn and gloaming, on sea and continents and islands, each in its turn, as the round earth rolls-dd- John Muir . The stars awaken a certain reverence because though always present they are inaccessible-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Sunset is still my favorite color, and rainbow is second-dd- Mattie Stepanek . Do not despise your own place and hour-dd- Every place is under the stars, every place is the center of the world-dd- John Burroughs . When the sun has set, no candle can replace it-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin . To speak truly, few adults can see nature-dd- Most persons do not see the sun-dd- At least they have a very superficial seeing-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Not the sun or the summer alone, but every hour and season yields its tribute of delight; for every hour and change corresponds to and authorizes a different state of the mind, from breathless noon to grimmest midnight-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . There was never a night or a problem that could defeat sunrise or hope-dd- Bernard Williams . Climb up on some hill at sunrise-dd- Everybody needs perspective once in a while, and youll find it there-dd- Robb Sagendorph . Together we can face any challenges as deep as the ocean and as high as the sky-dd- Sonia Gandhi . I like the night-dd- Without the dark, wed never see the stars-dd- Stephenie Meyer . It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves-dd- William Shakespeare . Do not complain beneath the stars about the lack of bright spots in your life-dd- Bjrnstjerne Bjrnson . Because I can count on my fingers the number of sunsets I have left, and I dont want to miss any of them-dd- Suzanne Collins . No one is free, even the birds are chained to the sky-dd- Bob Dylan . Nothing is more beautiful than the loveliness of the woods before sunrise-dd- George Washington Carver . Two things awe me most, the starry sky above me and the moral law within me-dd- Immanuel Kant . The sun, with all those plants revolving around it and dependent upon it, can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do-dd- Galileo Galilei . Never waste any amount of time doing anything important when there is a sunset outside that you should be sitting under-xx- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Every particular in nature, a leaf, a drop, a crystal, a moment of time is related to the whole, and partakes of the perfection of the whole-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The sun does not shine for a few trees and flowers, but for the wide worlds joy-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . The way is not in the sky-dd- The way is in the heart-dd- Unknown . Rainbows apologize for angry skies-dd- Sylvia Voirol . How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains-xx- John Muir . Water is the driving force in nature-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . The day I see a leaf is a marvel of a day-dd- Kenneth Patton . We forget that the water cycle and the life cycle are one-dd- Jacques Yves Cousteau . Our forests are literally the lungs for the planet-dd- Unknown . Climb the mountains and get their good tidings-dd- Natures peace will flow into you as sunshine flows into trees-dd- The winds will blow their own freshness into you, and the storms their energy, while cares will drop away from you like the leaves of autumn-dd- John Muir . A week ago it was the mountains I thought the most wonderful, and today its the plains-dd- I guess its the feeling of bigness in both that carries me away-dd- Georgia OKeeffe . Few places in this world are more dangerous than home-dd- Fear not, therefore, to try the mountain passes-dd- They will kill care, save you from deadly apathy, set you free, and call forth every faculty into vigorous, enthusiastic action-dd- John Muir . Earth and sky, woods and fields, lakes and rivers, the mountain and the sea, are excellent schoolmasters, and teach some of us more than we can ever learn from books-dd- John Lubbock . Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Love the trees until their leaves fall off, then encourage them to try again next year-dd- Chad Sugg . A book, too, can be a star, a living fire to lighten the darkness, leading out into the expanding universe-dd- Madeleine LEngle . Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life-dd- Buddha . Trees are the earths endless effort to speak to the listening heaven-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . One generation plants the trees; another gets the shade-dd- Chinese proverb . A flower you plant may not necessarily bloom; but the seed of a tree you happen to drop may grow into a forest-dd- Chinese proverb . Fire tests gold, suffering tests brave men-dd- Seneca . Even for a tree of 10000 feet, its leaves return to the root when they fall-dd- Chinese proverb . If I were a tree, I would have no reason to love a human-dd- Maggie Stiefvater . Never measure the height of a mountain until you have reached the top-dd- Then you will see how low it was-dd- Dag Hammarskjold . In nature, nothing is perfect and everything is perfect-dd- Trees can be contorted, bent in weird ways, and theyre still beautiful-dd- Alice Walker . The stars are like the trees in the forest, alive and breathing-dd- And theyre watching me-dd- Haruki Murakami . In the beauty and grandeur of individual trees, and in number and variety of species, the Sierra forests surpass all others-dd- John Muir . The three great elemental sounds in nature are the sound of rain, the sound of wind in a primeval wood, and the sound of outer ocean on a beach-dd- Henry Beston . The best thing one can do when its raining is to let it rain-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . Rain is grace; rain is the sky descending to the earth; without rain, there would be no life-dd- John Updike . The sea, the great unifier, is mans only hope-dd- Now, as never before, the old phrase has a literal meaning: we are all in the same boat-dd- Jacques-Yves Cousteau . The sea is emotion incarnate-dd- It loves, hates, and weeps-dd- It defies all attempts to capture it with words and rejects all shackles-dd- No matter what you say about it, there is always that which you cant-dd- Christopher Paolini . The woods call to us with a hundred voices, but the sea has one only  a mighty voice that drowns our souls in its majestic music-dd- The woods are human, but the sea is of the company of the archangels-dd- L-dd-M-dd- Montgomery . The most tangible of all visible mysteries  fire-dd- Leigh Hunt . Fire thats closest kept burns most of all-dd- William Shakespeare . Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden-dd- Cormac McCarthy . Earth was created for all of us, not some of us-dd- Anthony Douglas Williams . We kill all the caterpillars, then complain there are no butterflies-dd- John Marsden . What is the use of a house if you havent got a tolerable planet to put it on-qq- Henry David Thoreau . I dont believe in collective guilt, but I do believe in collective responsibility-dd- Audrey Hepburn . I think having land and not ruining it is the most beautiful art that anybody could ever want-dd- Andy Warhol . For 200 years weve been conquering Nature-dd- Now were beating it to death-dd- Tom McMillan . We have met the enemy, and he is us-dd- Walt Kelly . But man is a part of nature and his war against nature is inevitably a war against himself-dd- Rachel Carson . The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us, the less taste we shall have for destruction-dd- Rachel Carson . Like the resource it seeks to protect, wildlife conservation must be dynamic, changing as conditions change, seeking always to become more effective-dd- Rachel Carson . One way to open your eyes is to ask yourself, What if I had never seen this before-qq- What if I knew I would never see it again-qq--dd- Rachel Carson . The human race is challenged more than ever before to demonstrate our mastery, not over nature but of ourselves-dd- Rachel Carson . It is a curious situation that the sea, from which life first arose should now be threatened by the activities of one form of that life-dd- But the sea, though changed in a sinister way, will continue to exist; the threat is rather to life itself-dd- Rachel Carson . Man has been endowed with reason, with the power to create, so that he can add to what hes been given-dd- But up to now he hasnt been a creator, only a destroyer-dd- Forests keep disappearing, rivers dry up, wild lifes become extinct, the climates ruined and the land grows poorer and uglier every day-dd- Anton Chekhov . The idea of wilderness needs no defense, it only needs defenders-dd- Edward Abbey . I am pessimistic about the human race because it is too ingenious for its own good-dd- Our approach to nature is to beat it into submission-dd- We would stand a better chance of survival if we accommodated ourselves to this planet and viewed it appreciatively, instead of skeptically and dictatorially-dd- E-dd-B-dd- White . The use of solar energy has not been opened up because the oil industry does not own the sun-dd- Ralph Nader . The proper use of science is not to conquer nature but to live in it-dd- Barry Commoner . Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . A patriot must always be ready to defend his country against his government-dd- Edward Abbey . It is not enough to fight for the land; it is even more important to enjoy it-dd- While you can-dd- While its still here-dd- Edward Abbey . A civilization which destroys what little remains of the wild, the spare, the original, is cutting itself off from its origins and betraying the principle of civilization itself-dd- Edward Abbey . The question is, are we happy to suppose that our grandchildren may never be able to see an elephant except in a picture book-qq- David Attenborough . The environment is all we have-dd- A healthy environment means a good life-dd- Nadge (Ecosia, The search engine that plants trees) . Nature teaches more than she preaches-dd- There are no sermons in stones-dd- It is easier to get a spark out of a stone than a moral-dd- John Burroughs . Only within the moment of time represented by the present century has one species  man  acquired significant power to alter the nature of his world-dd- Rachel Carson . Never doubt that a small group of thoughtfully committed citizens can change the world-dd- Indeed, its the only thing that ever has-dd- Margaret Mead . There is a great need for the introduction of new values in our society, where bigger is not necessarily better, where slower can be faster, and where less can be more-dd- Gaylord Nelson . However fragmented the world, however intense the national rivalries, it is an inexorable fact that we become more interdependent every day-dd- Jacques Yves Cousteau . Today, more than ever before, life must be characterized by a sense of Universal responsibility, not only nation to nation and human to human, but also human to other forms of life-dd- Dalai Lama . We share the earth not only with our fellow human beings, but with all the other creatures-dd- Dalai Lama . Let us give Nature a chance; she knows her business better than we do-dd- Michel de Montaigne . I will find my joy  not in a bed of hothouse roses, but in a wayward roadside flower-dd- Muriel Strode . Natures first green is gold, Her hardest hue to hold-dd- Her early leafs a flower; But only so an hour-dd- Then leaf subsides to leaf-dd- So Eden sank to grief, So dawn goes down to day-dd- Nothing gold can stay-dd- Robert Frost . Who has not found the heaven below, will fail of it above-dd- Gods residence is next to mine, his furniture is love-dd- Emily Dickinson . A large drop of sun lingered on the horizon and then dripped over and was gone, and the sky was brilliant over the spot where it had gone, and a torn cloud, like a bloody rag, hung over the spot of its going-dd- And dusk crept over the sky from the eastern horizon, and darkness crept over the land from the east-dd- John Steinbeck . All this he saw, for one moment breathless and intense, vivid on the morning sky; and still, as he looked, he lived; and still, as he lived, he wondered-dd- Kenneth Grahame . To see a world in a grain of sand, and a heaven in a wild flower, hold infinity in the palm of your hand, and eternity in an hour-dd- William Blake . No one owns the water-dd- No one owns the lands-dd- No one owns the oceans-dd- No one owns the sands-dd- These are given by our Mother-dd- Our planet provides for free-dd- Only by hands of the greedy-dd- Does the Earth require a fee-dd- Poet Christopher . Birth, life, and death  each took place on the hidden side of a leaf-dd- Toni Morrison . A human being is a part of the whole called by us universe, a part limited in time and space-dd- He experiences himself, his thoughts and feeling as something separated from the rest, a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness-dd- This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us-dd- Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty-dd- Albert Einstein . In a world deluged by irrelevant information, clarity is power-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . Success demands singleness of purpose-dd- Vince Lombardi . Focus does not mean saying yes, it means saying no-dd- Steve Jobs . Only through focus can you do world-class things, no matter how capable you are-dd- Bill Gates . It is those who concentrate on but one thing at a time who advance in this world-dd- Og Mandino . Effectiveness begins with elimination-dd- Choose your ignorances as carefully as your interests-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Too much sugar leads to a heavy body, and too many distractions lead to a heavy mind-dd- Naval Ravikant . The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus-dd- Bruce Lee . Knowing what to leave out is just as important as knowing what to focus on-dd- Warren Buffett . Ill live the focused life, because its the best kind there is-dd- Winifred Gallagher . Its not the daily increase but daily decrease-dd- Hack away at the unessential-dd- Bruce Lee . Focus is more important than genius-dd- Greg McKeown . The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say no to almost everything-dd- Warren Buffett . Take up one idea-dd- Make that one idea your life  think of it; dream of it; live on that idea-dd- Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea; and leave every other idea alone-dd- This is the way to success-dd- Swami Vivekananda . I think the ability is to singularly focus is related to the ability to lose yourself and be present, happy, and actually, ironically, more effective-dd- Naval Ravikant . Humans are not designed to have the entire worlds news thrown at them all the time-dd- Naval Ravikant . To produce at your peak level you need to work for extended periods with full concentration on a single task free from distraction-dd- Cal Newport (Deep Work) . If I had an hour to solve a problem, Id spend 55 minutes thinking about the problem and 5 minutes thinking about solutions-dd- Albert Einstein . Where you are headed is more important than how fast you are going-dd- Rather than always focusing on whats urgent, learn to focus on what is really important-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . You will never reach your destination if you stop and throw stones at every dog that barks-dd- Winston Churchill . Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts-dd- Sren Kierkegaard . These three things leads to positive non-linear results: clarity, focus, and time-dd- Simple but not easy-dd- Shane Parrish . Saying no is more important than saying yes-dd- Shane Parrish . Self-actualizing people  highly functioning people who live at extraordinary levels of awareness  train their minds to focus on what they intend to create and what they intend to manifest, and they wont let anybody change their mind-dd- Wayne Dyer . The only reason men fail is because of broken focus-dd- Mike Murdock . Youll be bombarded by thousands of requests demanding your attention every day-dd- Learn to distinguish the trivial and the vital-dd- Maxime Lagac . Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment-dd- Buddha . The modern impediment to learning is attention, not access-dd- The Stoic Emperor . It is good to have a goal, but bad to let your goal have you-dd- Focus is good, but focus that is too narrow becomes blindness-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Multitasking is the sign of a stressed and diseased mind simultaneously doing many things poorly-dd- Quality work and quality thinking require quiet focus-dd- Thibaut . Most of what we say and do is not essential-dd- If you can eliminate it, youll have more time, and more tranquillity-dd- Ask yourself at every moment, Is this necessary-qq- Marcus Aurelius . If you dont pay appropriate attention to what has your attention, it will take more of your attention than it deserves-dd- David Allen . Develop the habit of letting small bad things happen-dd- If you dont, youll never find time for the life-changing big things-dd- Tim Ferriss . Those who focus best are relatively immune to emotional turbulence-dd- Daniel Goleman (Focus: The Hidden Driver of Excellence) . Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone-dd- The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of non-essentials-dd- Lin Yutang (This is one of my favorite focus quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know whats yours-xx-) . Where focus goes, energy flows-dd- Tony Robbins . Always remember, your focus determines your reality-dd- George Lucas (Star Wars) . I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest-dd- I do not judge the universe-dd- Dalai Lama . If there are nine rabbits on the ground and you want to catch one, just focus on one-dd- Jack Ma (Alibaba) . Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand-dd- The suns rays do not burn until brought to a focus-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light-dd- Aristotle . Concentration is the secret of strength in politics, in war, in trade, in short in all management of human affairs-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . You have power over your mind  not outside events-dd- Realize this, and you will find strength-dd- Marcus Aurelius . My success, part of it certainly, is that I have focused in on a few things-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . I dont focus on what Im up against-dd- I focus on my goals and I try to ignore the rest-dd- Venus Williams . Success at anything will always come down to this: focus and effort-dd- And we control both-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . I learned that focus is key-dd- Not just in your running a company, but in your personal life as well-dd- Tim Cook (Apple) . The world is full of obvious things which nobody by any chance ever observes-dd- Sherlock Holmes . People think focus means saying yes to the thing youve got to focus on-dd- But thats not what it means at all-dd- It means saying no to the hundred other good ideas that there are-dd- You have to pick carefully-dd- Steve Jobs . I succeeded because I have a long attention span-dd- Charlie Munger . Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger-dd- Arnold Palmer . The first requisite of success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem without growing weary-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Focus like a laser, not a flashlight-dd- Michael Jordan . Channel your energy-dd- Focus-dd- Carl Lewis . The main thing is to keep the main thing a main thing-dd- Stephen R-dd-Covey . We expand what we focus on-dd- Wayne Dyer . Life consists in what a man is thinking of all day-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Flow follows focus-dd- Steven Kotler . FOCUS  Follow One Course Until Successful-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . High-Quality Work Produced = (Time Spent) x (Intensity of Focus)-dd- Cal Newport (Deep Work) . Drama is distraction-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Re-focus-dd- Whats vital-qq- Thibaut . Focus for fabulous results-dd- Maxime Lagac . You must be zealous in order to focus-dd- Maxime Lagac . Focus on one thing: your most important-dd- Maxime Lagac . Learn to say no or youll go loco-dd- Maxime Lagac . Only the paranoid survive-dd- Andy Grove . Multitasking is a lie-dd- Gary Keller (The ONE Thing) . Focus is more important than intelligence-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . When life gets blurry, adjust your focus-dd- Unknown . Starve your distractions, feed your focus-dd- Unknown . For the future, the motto is, No days unalert-dd- Robert Greene . You get more of whatever you give attention to-dd- Shane Parrish . Take a deep breath and focus on whats really important-dd- Wayne Dyer . Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses-dd- Gary Vaynerchuk . Being busy is cheap, focus is expensive-dd- Brian Norgard . Focus is a matter of deciding what things youre not going to do-dd- John Carmack . Focus on what you have-dd- Suze Orman . Do whatever you do intensely-dd- Robert Henri . Your future is created by what you do today, not tomorrow-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Goals may give focus, but dreams give power-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Set your target and keep trying until you reach it-dd- Napoleon Hill . Dont make excuses for why you cant get it done-dd- Focus on all the reasons why you must make it happen-dd- Ralph Marston . Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn-dd- Harriet Beecher Stow . Focus to unlock your genius-dd- Maxime Lagac . Dont worry about what you cant control-dd- Our focus and energy needs to be on the things we can control-dd- Attitude, effort, focus  these are the things we can control-dd- Tim Tebow . Your current thoughts are creating your future life-dd- What you think about the most or focus on the most will appear as your life-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Everyone has the same amount of time, and hard work is simply hard work-dd- As a result, what you do in the time you work determines what you achieve-dd- And since what you do is determined by what you think, how big you think becomes the launching pad for how high you achieve-dd- Gary Keller . An hour of focused attention may be worth more than days of partial attention-dd- This is true for work and for relationships-dd- Chronic multitasking is a symptom of messy decision making-dd- Dont try to do everything at once-dd- Do one thing well, then do another-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Directed attention results in precise and effective action-dd- Divided attention results in clumsy and inconsistent action-dd- The Stoic Emperor . How do some achieve what many desire-qq- They seek the best teachers-dd- They sacrifice-dd- They delay gratification-dd- They see the world as it is, not as they wish it to be-dd- They revise their theories-dd- They resist distraction-dd- They watch the right metrics-dd- They avoid costly drama-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Turn off the news-dd- Delay the unessential-dd- Reduce your appointments-dd- Slow down-dd- Break tasks into small portions-dd- Seek help-dd- Focus on little pleasures-dd- Count your blessings-dd- Sleep-dd- Drink more water-dd- Take a walk-dd- Breathe deeply-dd- Sit quietly and let every muscle relax-dd- Thibaut . In general, obstacles force your mind to focus and find ways around them-dd- They heighten your mental powers and should be welcomed-dd- Robert Greene . Focus on your greater goal, your destiny-dd- Robert Greene . Arise, awake, and stop not until the goal is achieved-dd- Swami Vivekananda . The past is gone, never to come back-dd- Whatever you did or could not do is history; you cannot go back in time to do or undo it-dd- Brooding on the past is futile, so is being anxious about future-dd- Focus on what you can do in the present because the present is creating your future-dd- The Ancient Sage . You either waste your time and energy multitasking , or you can focus all your resources on a single task and win big-dd- But before you commit to that single task you must choose it with care otherwise it too will be a waste-dd- Focus is power-dd- Harness it and you can move mountains-dd- The Ancient Sage . You can accomplish anything if you can: 1) prioritize ruthlessly 2) control your attention-dd- Both of these have become particularly hard in the present age-dd- As such those who can control these two critical factors will rule the world-dd- The Ancient Sage . Thats been one of my mantras  focus and simplicity-dd- Simple can be harder than complex: You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple-dd- But its worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains-dd- Steve Jobs . Our focus is our future-dd- David DeNotaris . To leave the distracted masses to join the focused few, Im arguing, is a transformative experience-dd- Cal Newport (Deep Work) . Human beings, it seems, are at their best when immersed deeply in something challenging-dd- Cal Newport (Deep Work) . The best moments usually occur when a persons body or mind is stretched to its limits in a voluntary effort to accomplish something difficult and worthwhile-dd- Optimal experience is thus something that we make happen-dd- Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi (Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience) . All great achievements are the result of sustained focus over time  all of them-dd- Gary Keller . Focus more on your desire than on your doubt, and the dream will take care of itself-dd- Mark Twain . If you chase two rabbits, both will escape-dd- Russian proverb . Nothing interferes with my concentration-dd- You could put on an orgy in my office and I wouldnt look up-dd- Well, maybe once-dd- Isaac Asimov . Be like a postage stamp-dd- Stick to one thing until you get there-dd- Josh Billings . Sometimes success is 3% brains and 97% not getting distracted by the Internet-dd- Shane Parrish . Teens think listening to music helps them concentrate-dd- It doesnt-dd- It relieves them of the boredom that concentration on homework induces-dd- Marilyn vos Savant . Multitasking is merely the opportunity to screw up more than one thing at a time-dd- Steve Uzzell . Dont watch the clock; Do what it does-dd- Keep going-dd- Sam Levenson . It is not enough to be busy-dd- So are the ants-dd- The question is: What are we busy about-qq- Henry David Thoreau . Keep the focus of your life in the here and now-dd- Caroline Myss . Games are won by players who focus on the playing field  not by those whose eyes are glued to the scoreboard-dd- Warren Buffett . What you focus on with your thought and feeling is what you attract into your experience-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Concentrate on your task, right here, right now-dd- Trust that if you do your best now, eventually, the law of compounding will act in your favor-dd- Maxime Lagac . Most people think that intelligence is about brain, where really its about focus-dd- Genius is just attention to a subject until it becomes specific-dd- Esther Hicks . If you dont take the time to focus on what matters, then youre living a life of someone elses design-dd- Tony Robbins . If we focus on whats ugly, we attract more ugliness into our thoughts, and then into our emotions, and ultimately into our lives-dd- Wayne Dyer . Your mind isnt unfocused-dd- Its just focused on something that another part of your mind wants it to be focused on-dd- This creates self-conflict-dd- Naval Ravikant . This may be the last generation that has a powerful tool like the Internet, and the focused attention span to do deep work-dd- Naval Ravikant . The news allows you to dedicate massive amounts of energy and attention to things you probably cannot impact while the things you can impact go unaddressed-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Reaction is the enemy of creation-dd- Creation requires deep sustained focus-dd- This focus is under constant attack by notifications that encourage you to respond to unending false emergencies-dd- Protect your attention and direct it to where it is most valuable-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Your attention has real economic value-dd- How much of that value are you capturing-qq- How much is being captured by Facebook, or Netflix, or CNN-qq- Your attention has value to others-dd- It should be priceless to you-dd- Dont give it away carelessly-dd- The Stoic Emperor . In todays society, independent thinking is revolutionary activity where the human mind is bombarded with commercial aspirations-dd- Thibaut . Be on guard-dd- The road widens, and many of the detours are seductive-dd- David Foster Wallace . You: Stares at a blue light emitting screen all day-dd- Never gets sunlight-dd- Sleeps 6 hours a night-dd- Never meditates-dd- Does not pre-allocate your time-dd- Also you: Why cant I focus on anything for more than 20 minutes-qq- Life Math Money . In an information-rich world, the wealth of information means a dearth of something else: a scarcity of whatever it is that information consumes-dd- What information consumes is rather obvious: it consumes the attention of its recipients-dd- Hence a wealth of information creates a poverty of attention and a need to allocate that attention efficiently among the overabundance of information sources that might consume it-dd- Herbert A-dd- Simon . Bring the mind into sharp focus and make it alert so that it can immediately intuit truth, which is everywhere-dd- The mind must be emancipated from old habits, prejudices, restrictive thought processes and even ordinary thought itself-dd- Bruce Lee (Tao of Jeet Kune Do) . Realize deeply that the present moment is all you ever have-dd- Make the Now the primary focus of your life-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Observe things as they are and dont pay attention to other people-dd- Huang Po . The greatest challenge is to control oneself-dd- Kazi Shams . Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem-dd- Zig Ziglar . Focus on the solution, not on the problem-dd- Jim Rohn . Stop managing your time-dd- Start managing your focus-dd- Robin Sharma . If you try to do too much, you will not achieve anything-dd- Confucius . The faster and busier things get, the more we need to build thinking time into our schedule-dd- And the noisier things get, the more we need to build quiet reflection spaces in which we can truly focus-dd- Greg McKeown . People who can focus, get things done-dd- People who can prioritize, get the right things done-dd- John Maeda . I learned long ago to focus on things you can control and dont even pay attention to things you dont-dd- Bryan Cranston . At any given time, when youre walking down the streets, a very small percentage of your brain is focused on the present-dd- The rest is future planning or regretting the past-dd- Thats keeping you from an incredible experience-dd- Its keeping you from seeing the beauty in everything and for being grateful for where you are-dd- Naval Ravikant . They will all ask for your time and attention-dd- Learning to say no will be your superpower-dd- Maxime Lagac . There are times youll need to be wide open-dd- There are times youll need to narrowly focused-dd- Choose your perspective wisely-dd- Maxime Lagac . Just focus on the one or two really really important things, and everything else, just surrender to it-dd- Naval Ravikant . When you slow down, you can focus better-dd- Its hard to focus if youre moving to fast-dd- Leo Babauta . One must say yes in order to develop-dd- The young can benefit from saying yes to everything-dd- Novel experiences reveal unknown talents and inclinations-dd- Experience also reveals that many opportunities are only a chance to trade your time away-dd- One must say no in order to focus-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Note when your attention drifts-dd- Note what it drifts to-dd- Identify what you find instinctively captivating-dd- This may be valuable information about what you are capable of focusing deeply on-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Focus on what you control-dd- Your habits-dd- Your responses-dd- Your ability to learn-dd- Your ability to think-dd- These are controllable and give you massive tailwinds-dd- Shane Parrish . Its not the chatter of people around us that is the most powerful distractor, but rather the chatter of our own minds-dd- Utter concentration demands these inner voices be stilled-dd- Daniel Goleman (Focus: The Hidden Driver of Excellence) . Make sure every day you do what matters most-dd- When you know what matters most, everything makes sense-dd- When you dont know what matters most, anything makes sense-dd- Gary Keller . Its not always that we need to do more but rather that we need to focus on less-dd- Nathan W-dd- Morris . First of all, its the ability to focus-dd- When you train the mind to focus on something like the breath, it also gives you the discipline to focus on much bigger things and to really tell the difference between whats important and everything else-dd- Check this interview for more . The ability to stay focused will be the superpower of the 21st century-dd- Cal Newport . To be concentrated means to live fully in the present-dd- Erich Fromm . Focus all your attention and energy on the achievement of the objectives you are involved with right now-dd- Denis Waitley . In this modern age, being able to stay focused on one thing for an extended period of time is what will separate you from the rest-dd- Maxime Lagac . The time that leads to mastery is dependent on the intensity of our focus-dd- Robert Greene . Attention is the most mispriced asset on the planet-dd- People give it away for nothing online, and tech companies resell it for a fraction of its value-dd- Johnny Uzan . Most people focus too much on whats going to happen next, and not enough on whats happening now-dd- Marianne Williamson . The artists who endure are the ones who stay focused even after they have reached the top of their profession-dd- Simon Cowell . Whenever you want to achieve something, keep your eyes open, concentrate and make sure you know exactly what it is you want-dd- No one can hit their target with their eyes closed-dd- Paulo Coelho . The things you give your attention to are shaping you, even if you are only reacting against them-dd- They are modulating your mood and filling your head with fantasy scenarios-dd- Pay attention to what youre paying attention to-dd- Become conscious of your focus and guide it-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Modern tech allows us access to so many voices-dd- You have to turn them off sometimes if you want to be able to hear yourself think-dd- The Stoic Emperor . It is fruitless to look back and wish you had used your time differently-dd- That kind of narcissism was what wasted so much time in the first place-dd- Learn your lesson-dd- Dont wallow-dd- Dont relive the past-dd- Turn your attention to the present-dd- The Stoic Emperor . The past is a memory, the future an illusion-dd- Every moment is the only reality and each deserves our full attention-dd- Thibaut . If your attention-span is a muscle, meditation is exercise-dd- Eric Barker . Learn to maintain your attention span  just as the 99% are losing this ability to social media and on demand entertainment, you should be gaining it-dd- Life Math Money . Attention works much like a muscle-dd- Use it poorly and it can wither; work it well and it grows-dd- Daniel Goleman (Focus: The Hidden Driver of Excellence) . It feels like were going through life in a state of continuous partial attention-dd- Were there but not really there-dd- Unaware of where we place our attention-dd- Unconscious about how we live-dd- Shane Parrish . The power of concentration is the only key to the treasure-house of knowledge-dd- Swami Vivekananda . The field of consciousness is tiny-dd- It accepts only one problem at a time-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . The more you focus, the more that focus becomes a habit-dd- Charles Duhigg . You need to be doing fewer things for more effect instead of doing more things with side effects-dd- Gary Keller . Keep it simple and focus on what matters-dd- Dont let yourself be overwhelmed-dd- Confucius . In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you-dd- Deepak Chopra . When you focus on just one thing at a time, without rushing or procrastinating, you cultivate a sense of timeless awareness that creates feelings of calm and well-being-dd- Deepak Chopra . Staying calm is not easy, but its worth practicing it-dd- The more calm youll be in any given situation, the more just your action will be-dd- Maxime Lagac . Stop caring what other people think and focus on being the best version of yourself possible-dd- Shane Parrish . Dont dwell on what went wrong-dd- Instead, focus on what to do next-dd- Spend your energies on moving forward, toward finding the answer-dd- Denis Waitley . Not everything requires a response-dd- This is truth for many things in life and almost everything in the news-dd- The Stoic Emperor . People fear the places the undistracted mind might wander too-dd- Much of what people describe as boredom is in fact a fear of stillness-dd- Distraction lets us fill our minds with other voices so we dont have to listen to the inner voice that whispers truths we fear to confront-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Most people seek a crowd to escape from themselves-dd- Very few crave solitariness so that they may find a permanent dwelling and live in peace-dd- When you find yourself, you have arrived home-dd- Now nothing can tempt you away-dd- Now even when you are in a crowd, you will not be lost-dd- The Ancient Sage . Restore your attention or bring it to a new level by dramatically slowing down whatever youre doing-dd- Sharon Salzberg . You have a very powerful mind that can make anything happen as long as you keep yourself centered-dd- Wayne Dyer . Know what you want-dd- Clarity is power-dd- And vague goals promote vague results-dd- Robin Sharma . Clarity about what matters provides clarity about what does not-dd- Cal Newport (Deep Work) . Less mental clutter means more mental resources available for deep thinking-dd- Cal Newport (Deep Work) . Meditation helps concentration of the mind-dd- Then the mind is free from thoughts and is in the meditated form-dd- Ramana Maharshi . Gather all the information you can, work like hell on it, then take a break-dd- Walk, meditate, journal, sleep, nap-dd- By taking a step back, youll gain clartify and a new perspective-dd- Maxime Lagac . The more clarity you achieve, the more you will find that the universe is on your side, supporting your thoughts and intentions-dd- Therefore, focus on clarity, not on getting results-dd- The results will come according to their own rhythm and timing-dd- Deepak Chopra . Short-term thinking makes people desperate, ungenerous, impulsive-dd- Long-term thinking makes people calm, gracious, controlled-dd- The mighty pyramids and cathedrals were built by civilizations with a long time horizon, so it is with the life of a great man-dd- The Stoic Emperor . A valuable long term mission can easily be derailed by emotionally loaded (but ultimately meaningless) short term drama-dd- Focus on what matters-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Time spent undistracted and alone, in self-examination, journaling, meditation, resolves the unresolved and takes us from mentally fat to fit-dd- Naval Ravikant . The more your mind is occupied by involuntary thoughts, the less working memory is available, which means less cognitive processing power-dd- For your cognitive machinery to work at its optimal capacity, you must clear it of unwanted data, and free up more mental space-dd- The Ancient Sage . Once you have clarity that something does not deserve your time and attention, be ruthless-dd- Bharat Shah . Its very important that we re-learn the art of resting and relaxing-dd- Not only does it help prevent the onset of many illnesses that develop through chronic tension and worrying; it allows us to clear our minds, focus, and find creative solutions to problems-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Clarity of mind means clarity of passion, too; this is why a great and clear mind loves ardently and sees distinctly what he loves-dd- Blaise Pascal . Prioritizing sharpens your vision so you can focus on the most important things-dd- Myles Munroe . A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power-dd- Brian Tracy . You must first clearly see a thing in your mind before you can do it-dd- Alex Morrison . Clarity affords focus-dd- Thomas Leonard . Focus on being productive instead of busy-dd- Tim Ferriss . When you work, work-dd- When you play, play-dd- Dont mix the two-dd- Jim Rohn . What does it take to be a successful entrepreneur-qq- It takes willingness to learn, to be able to focus, to absorb information, and to always realize that business is a 24/7 job where someone is always out there to kick your ass-dd- Mark Cuban . Focus on important over urgent-dd- Naval Ravikant . Time spent mastering the basics is time well spent-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Increasingly, only the obsessed can resist the siren song of low-level distraction and entertainment that theyre inundated with-dd- Obsessive interest makes deep attention not just possible, but impossible to turn off-dd- That has downsides, but produces stunning productivity-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Be more productive this week: 1-dd- Stay smart-dd- Regular 5 minute break to re-focus-dd- 2-dd- You cant do everything-dd- Do what is highest pay-off-dd- 3-dd- Batch process similar activities-dd- 4-dd- Keep meetings short with minimum number of participants-dd- 5-dd- Go home at a decent time and forget work-dd- Thibaut . Instead of asking how many tasks you can tackle given your working hours, ask how many you can ditch given what you must do to excel-dd- Morten Hansen (Great at Work) . A major stimulant to creative thinking is focused questions-dd- There is something about a well-worded question that often penetrates to the heart of the matter and triggers new ideas and insights-dd- Brian Tracy . Intense concentration sparks all kinds of ideas-dd- Robert Greene . You need two skills to produce quality work: the ability to choose the right thing to work on and the ability to work on that thing until its done-dd- Maxime Lagac . If it is time to rest, rest completely-dd- A good rest rejuvenates you so that you may do quality work-dd- If it is time to work, work with complete focus-dd- Time spent working earnestly earns you a well deserved rest-dd- Dont mix work and rest; this compromises the quality of both-dd- The Ancient Sage . To the extent possible, ruthlessly shave away the unnecessary tasks, priorities, meetings, and BS-dd- Put all your effort into the projects that really matter-dd- Shane Parrish (More in this quote here on fs-dd-blog) . Focus on tiny gains, not exponential ones-dd- Tiny gains over time compound over time-dd- Focusing on day one exponential leaps is a recipe for disaster-dd- Shane Parrish (On habits) . Your goal is to find a few intelligent things to do, not do every damn thing that comes across your desk-dd- Shane Parrish . Time is limited-dd- If you are to learn focus on what 1) is narrow and specific and gives you and edge; and 2) what does not change with time-dd- Shane Parrish . Focus on doing the right things instead of a bunch of things-dd- Mike Krieger . If you dont produce, you wont thrive  no matter how skilled or talented you are-dd- Cal Newport (Deep Work) . Two core abilities for thriving in the new economy 1-dd- The ability to quickly master hard things-dd- 2-dd- The ability to produce at an elite level, in terms of both quality and speed-dd- Cal Newport (Deep Work) . Great creative minds think like artists but work like accountants-dd- David Brooks . The ability to concentrate and to use time well is everything-dd- Lee Iacocca . Extraordinary results are directly determined by how narrow you can make your focus-dd- Gary Keller (The ONE Thing) . Your work life is divided into two distinct areas  what matters most and everything else-dd- You will have to take what matters to the extremes and be okay with what happens to the rest-dd- Professional success requires it-dd- Gary Keller . Do less-dd- Cut back on your projects, on your task list, on how much you try to do each day-dd- Focus not on quantity but quality-dd- Pick 2-3 important things  or even just one important thing  and work on those first-dd- Save smaller, routine tasks for later in the day, but give yourself time to focus-dd- Leo Babauta . Focus on fewer but higher-impact tasks-dd- Leo Babauta . Do first things first  and second things not at all-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . The essence of strategy is choosing what not to do-dd- Michael Porter . When starting out a business, say yes more often-dd- Later, say no more often-dd- Maxime Lagac . Without focusing and getting to clarity you cannot lead-dd- You cannot motivate-dd- You cannot plan-dd- You cannot communicate-dd- Bobb Biehl . In business, staying focused requires that you turn most opportunities down-dd- Margaret Heffernan . Directing attention toward where it needs to go is a primal task of leadership-dd- Daniel Goleman (Focus: The Hidden Driver of Excellence) . When you focus on problems, you get more problems-dd- When you focus on possibilities, you have more opportunities-dd- Zig Ziglar . Change your focus from making money to serving more people-dd- Serving people makes the money come in-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Rich people focus on what they want, while poor people focus on what they dont want-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . We believe in saying no to thousands of projects so that we can really focus on the few that are truly important and meaningful to us-dd- Tim Cook (Apple) . The art of leadership is saying No, not saying Yes-dd- It is very easy to say Yes-dd- Tony Blair . To get exponential returns, forget learning the latest thing-dd- Instead, focus on what lasts-dd- Shane Parrish . If you are customer focused, youre proactive-dd- If you are competitor focused, youre reactive-dd- Shane Parrish . Competition is a distraction-dd- Customer focus beats competitor focus-dd- Naval Ravikant . The best companies are those with a laser focus-dd- They do less, but they do it better-dd- Leo Babauta . Forget about finding your passion-dd- Instead, focus on finding big problems-dd- Mark Cuban . If it doesnt challenge you, it doesnt change you-dd- Fred DeVito . Discipline is remembering what you want-dd- David Campbell . My only ritual is to just sit down and write, write every day-dd- Augusten Burroughs . Most of the big things you want in life are on the other side of short-term pains-dd- Maxime Lagac . Some will try to use their willpower to discipline-dd- Others will simply change their environment-dd- Maxime Lagac . To simply wait and be bored has become a novel experience in modern life, but from the perspective of concentration training, its incredibly valuable-dd- Cal Newport (Deep Work) . The less delayed your gratifications, the less long term your mind will orient itself-dd- Michael . Effective action begins with the reduction of ineffective action-dd- You cant do anything if you are trying to do everything-dd- We are limited in energy and attention-dd- The world is chaotic and very complex-dd- Every choice is a sacrifice-dd- Choose consciously-dd- The Stoic Emperor . The Internet offers unlimited access to high value information and low value distraction-dd- It is as good as your self-control-dd- Make it serve you-dd- Dont serve it-dd- The Stoic Emperor . The Internet provides access to an education that the aristocracy of old couldnt have imagined-dd- It also provides the perfect attack vector for marketers to exploit cognitive vulnerabilities and dominate your attention-dd- A world-class education is free for the undistractable-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Have a sense of urgency and commitment  what you do you must do well, with all of your energy, not with a mind shooting off in a hundred direction-dd- Robert Greene . You cannot have everything in the present-dd- The road to mastery requires patience-dd- You will have to keep your focus on five or ten years down the road, when you will reap the rewards of your efforts-dd- The process of getting there, however, is full of challenges and pleasures-dd- Robert Greene . Sleep as much as you need-dd- 7  9 hours, every day-dd- Anything less than that and theres going to be a cognitive cost-dd- Less focus, bad memory, more mistakes-dd- Life Math Money . No fine work can be done without concentration and self-sacrifice and toil and doubt-dd- Max Beerbohm . Focusing on one thing means putting other things aside-dd- It means not waiting until the last-second to do an important project or read an important paper, using the last-minute crunch to force you to focus-dd- Shane Parrish . To accomplish something great you need to focus each and every day-dd- More than that, you need strategies to protect your time and energy-dd- Shane Parrish . Along with a strong belief in your own inner voice, you also need laser-like focus combined with unwavering determination-dd- Larry Flynt . Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other-dd- Abraham Lincoln . The first requisite for success is to develop the ability to focus-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Concentrate on a single goal, a single task, and beat it into submission-dd- Robert Greene . In order to master a field, you must love the subject and feel a profound connection to it-dd- Your interest must transcend the field itself and border on the religious-dd- Robert Greene . Efficiency and focus are the keys to success-dd- Robert Crais . Review your goals twice every day in order to be focused on achieving them-dd- Les Brown . Cut your excuses in half and double your actions around your goals-dd- Robin Sharma . Achieve self-mastery over your thoughts, and constantly direct them toward your goals and objectives-dd- Learn to focus your attention on the goals that you want to achieve and on finding ways to achieve those goals-dd- Napoleon Hill . One should not pursue goals that are easily achieved-dd- One must develop an instinct for what one can just barely achieve through ones greatest efforts-dd- Albert Einstein . Goal-setting is powerful because it provides focus-dd- It shapes our dreams-dd- It gives us the ability to hone in on the exact actions we need to perform to achieve everything we desire in life-dd- Jim Rohn . By thinking about your goals every morning, many times during the day, and every night, you begin moving toward it, and bringing it toward you-dd- Bob Proctor . Your real work is to decide what you want and then to focus upon it-dd- For it is through focusing upon what you want that you will attract it-dd- Esther Hicks . If you want to reach your goals and dreams, you cannot do it without discipline-dd- Lee Kuan Yew . Focus on the day-to-day not the outcome-dd- Outcomes take care of themselves-dd- Shane Parrish . Remember: goals can be useful to achieve things but they can also make you feel miserable-dd- Instead, build good habits-dd- Maxime Lagac . If our goal is to create, to produce amazing things, to go for quality over quantity, then rushing is not the most effective way to work-dd- Slowing down and focusing is always more effective-dd- Leo Babauta . Discovering what you really want saves you endless confusion and wasted energy-dd- Stuart Wilde . For a person to become deeply involved in any activity it is essential that he knows precisely what tasks he must accomplish, moment by moment-dd- Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi . People work better when they know what the goal is and why-dd- It is important that people look forward to coming to work in the morning and enjoy working-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla) . A goal without a plan is just a wish-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Stay focused, ignore the distractions, and you will accomplish your goals much faster-dd- Joel Osteen . Distractions are eating away the prime of your life-dd- You probably know this vaguely but dont realize it deeply enough to take action-dd- The Ancient Sage . In ancient times having power meant having access to data-dd- Today having power means knowing what to ignore-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . I dont have a smartphone-dd- My attention is one of the most important resources I have, and the smartphone is constantly trying to grab my attention-dd- Theres always something coming in-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . Learn to be indifferent to what makes no difference-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Your time, focus and attention are your most valuable assets-dd- Thats why companies try to trick you with drama-dd- Stay alert-dd- Maxime Lagac . One way to boost our will power and focus is to manage our distractions instead of letting them manage us-dd- Daniel Goleman . Multitasking divides your attention and leads to confusion and weakened focus-dd- Deepak Chopra . Mindfulness creates centered awareness-dd- When you do one thing at a time, youre guaranteed excellent results-dd- If you do too many things simultaneously, it messes up your neural circuits-dd- Deepak Chopra . Once the Internet came along, I think it destroyed everyones attention span-dd- Now all of humanitys works are available to you at any given time and youre being interrupted constantly-dd- Our attention span goes down, our ability to focus goes down-dd- Naval Ravikant . The average American watches over 30 hours of television a week-dd- How many would say they have a project theyd love to do if only they had the time-qq- The Stoic Emperor . Modern humans overdose on information, pushing the limits of our design constraints-dd- Future humans will adopt filtering mechanisms to avoid drowning in random data-dd- Theyll look back on us with pity-dd- Attention pollution is a huge drain on our collective intellectual resources-dd- The Stoic Emperor . We evolved in environments where it made sense to overreact to every threat-dd- A lion in the grass requires an immediate reaction-dd- Strike or be struck-dd- Our threat detection systems are not designed for modern life and are easily exploited by cynical marketers and propagandists-dd- The Stoic Emperor . If you are easily provoked you are easily controlled-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Social media is very positive and profitable for a narrow set of people at the top of the distribution and is likely a net negative for almost everyone else-dd- Most havent developed the skills to use it well-dd- It captures a lot of attention and emotion for generally little reward-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Mobile phones should be called distraction machines-dd- Checking your distraction machine first thing in the morning is not the ideal way to start your day-dd- Muneed Ali . Entertainment hubs masquerading as productivity devices  the perfect combo-dd- Naval Ravikant (On mobile devices) . E-mail isnt free-dd- It seems free-dd- It feels free-dd- Thibaut . Pollution can be smog from a factory or mental filth from mass media generated ideals-dd- Thibaut . Public attention is actually a nuisance and a distraction-dd- Robert Greene . Too many people believe that everything must be pleasurable in life, which makes them constantly search for distractions and short-circuits the learning process-dd- Robert Greene . What if you stopped listening to news or current affairs-qq- Surely for most people itll bring a positive change in their life-dd- Instead of the temporary, focus on the timeless which is always relevant-dd- What is current is not necessarily important/relevant-dd- Often it is just noise-dd- The Ancient Sage . Deep thinking demands sustaining a focused mind-dd- The more distracted we are, the more shallow our reflections; likewise, the shorter our reflections, the more trivial they are likely to be-dd- Daniel Goleman (Focus: The Hidden Driver of Excellence) . In life, drama is glamorized and used to usurp our attention-dd- Advantages in life, however, are not based on drama but rather are the byproduct of doing mundane things every day really well without losing focus-dd- Shane Parrish . Focus is like a muscle-dd- And if youre like most people, your focus muscles have gotten weak due to your constant multitasking, web-surfing, and busy-working-dd- Shane Parrish . Information diets are additive through subtraction, like literal diets-dd- Dont focus on what you should consume but on what you shouldnt-dd- Michael . If you want to win the war for attention, dont try to say no to the trivial distractions you find on the information smorgasbord; try to say yes to the subject that arouses a terrifying longing, and let the terrifying longing crowd out everything else-dd- Cal Newport (Deep Work) . Once youre wired for distraction, you crave it-dd- Cal Newport (Deep Work) . Dont take breaks from distraction-dd- Instead take breaks from focus-dd- Cal Newport (Deep Work) . To succeed with deep work you must rewire your brain to be comfortable resisting distracting stimuli-dd- Cal Newport (Deep Work) . Keep things simple, focused and effective by single-tasking-dd- Leo Babauta . Until my ONE thing is done, everything else is a distraction-dd- Gary Keller (The ONE Thing) . What you focus on grows, what you think about expands, and what you dwell upon determines your destiny-dd- Robin Sharma . Success is not in what you have, but who you are-dd- Bo Bennett . If you have no critics youll likely have no success-dd- Malcolm X . Behind every successful man theres a lot of unsuccessful years-dd- Bob Brown . The secret of success is constancy of purpose-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Success is the child of audacity-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Forget the past-dd- Nelson Mandela . The true success is the person who invented himself-dd- Al Goldstein . When the water starts boiling it is foolish to turn off the heat-dd- Nelson Mandela . Be content to act, and leave the talking to others-dd- Baltasar . He has achieved success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much; who has gained the respect of intelligent men and the love of little children; who has filled his niche and accomplished his task; who has left the world better than he found it, whether by an improved poppy, a perfect poem, or a rescued soul; who has never lacked appreciation of earths beauty or failed to express it; who has always looked for the best in others and given them the best he had; whose life was an inspiration; whose memory a benediction-dd- Bessie Stanley . Failure is success in progress-dd- Albert Einstein . Shallow men believe in luck-dd- Strong men believe in cause and effect-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Find somebody to be successful for-dd- Raise their hopes-dd- Think of their needs-dd- Barack Obama . The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus-dd- Bruce Lee . Success is never accidental-dd- Jack Dorsey (Twitter) . 90% of your plans are going to fail no matter what you do-dd- Get used to it-dd- Mark Manson . The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say no to almost everything-dd- Warren Buffett . One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Living our life deeply and with happiness, having time to care for our loved ones  this is another kind of success, another kind of power, and it is much more important-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If at first you dont succeed, try, try again-dd- Then quit-dd- No use being a damn fool about it-dd- W-dd-C-dd- Fields . The people who succeed are irrationally passionate about something-dd- Naval Ravikant . The maximum success is reached when you are never busy-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . I cant give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time-dd- Herbert Bayard Swope . The young do not know enough to be prudent, and therefore they attempt the impossible  and achieve it, generation after generation-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . My secret for success-qq- I dont know what the hell success means-dd- Al Lewis . Success is leaving a good path, or even better, leaving no path at all-dd- Maxime Lagac . My success is not who I am-dd- Judith Guest . Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom-dd- George S-dd- Patton . You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity-dd- Thomas Wolfe . To be able to look back upon ones life in satisfaction, is to live twice-dd- Kahlil Gibran . I dont dwell on success-dd- Maybe thats one reason Im successful-dd- Calvin Klein . I do not pray for success, I ask for faithfulness-dd- Mother Teresa . A minutes success pays the failure of years-dd- Robert Browning . Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor-dd- Truman Capote . The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried-dd- Stephen McCranie . The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it-dd- Criss Jami (This is one of my favorite success quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know whats yours-xx-) . I do not like to repeat successes, I like to go on to other things-dd- Walt Disney . Celebrate your successes-dd- Find some humor in your failures-dd- Sam Walton (Walmart) . Try not to become a man of success, but a man of value-dd- Look around at how people want to get more out of life than they put in-dd- A man of value will give more than he receives-dd- Be creative, but make sure that what you create is not a curse for mankind-dd- Albert Einstein . Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm-dd- Winston Churchill . Have no fear of perfection  youll never reach it-dd- Salvador Dali . Winning is a habit-dd- Unfortunately, so is losing-dd- Vince Lombardi . Success is my only option, failures not-dd- Eminem . Many of lifes failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up-dd- Thomas Alva Edison . The path to success is to take massive, determined action-dd- Tony Robbins . We learn wisdom from failure much more than from success-dd- We often discover what will do, by finding out what will not do; and probably he who never made a mistake never made a discovery-dd- Samuel Smiles . Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . My mother said to me, If you become a soldier, youll be a general; if you become a monk, youll end up as the Pope-dd- Instead, I became a painter and wound up as Picasso-dd- Pablo Picasso . Ive missed more than 9,000 shots in my career-dd- Ive lost almost 300 games-dd- 26 times Ive been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed-dd- Ive failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed-dd- Michael Jordan . If you think you can, you can-dd- And if you think you cant, youre right-dd- Henry Ford . I have learned, that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours-dd- Henry David Thoreau . There are no gains without pains-dd- Benjamin Franklin . I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing-dd- Abraham Lincoln . That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Before anything else, preparation is the key to success-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . Nothing succeeds like success-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Success is a lousy teacher-dd- It seduces smart people into thinking they cant lose-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . Success in life comes not from holding a good hand, but in playing a poor hand well-dd- Denis Waitley . Success is not forever and failure isnt fatal-dd- Don Shula . The best revenge is massive success-dd- Frank Sinatra . The secret of success is to do the common things uncommonly well-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure-dd- Mark Twain . Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it-dd- Maya Angelou . Money wont create success, the freedom to make it will-dd- Nelson Mandela . Action is the foundational key to all success-dd- Pablo Picasso . If youre going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston Churchill . 80% of success is showing up-dd- Woody Allen . To succeed, we must first believe that we can-dd- Michael Korda . To fly, we have to have resistance-dd- Maya Lin . Climb the mountain so you can see the world, not so the world can see you-dd- Unknown . Nothing fails like success-dd- Alan Watts . Measure your success according to fun and creativity-dd- Anita Roddick . Applause waits on success-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Slow and steady is better than fast and shaky-dd- Maxime Lagac . You sleep on a win and youll wake up with a loss-dd- Conor McGregor . When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts-dd- Bo Bennett . One fails forward toward success-dd- Charles Kettering . To be great is to be misunderstood-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Be brave when you are scared, and humble when you are victorious-dd- Unknown . Success has always been a great liar-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Success is the sum of details-dd- Harvey S-dd- Firestone . Success cant be forced-dd- Loretta Young . The ladder of success is never crowded at the top-dd- Napoleon Hill . Success is the fruit of concentration-dd- Navjot Singh Sidhu . Theres a lot of blood, sweat, and guts between dreams and success-dd- Paul Bryant . Success tempts many to their ruin-dd- Phaedrus . Success is a poor teacher-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . Success is dependent on effort-dd- Sophocles . Success is the sweetest revenge-dd- Vanessa Williams . Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can-dd- Richard Bach . Become so curious and obsessed with one thing that you forget everything else-dd- Follow it, drink it, dive deep in it, master it-dd- Remarkable results need remarkable actions-dd- Maxime Lagac . Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be-dd- George Sheehan . No one who strives to bring new life to something significant should be too quick to abandon the hope that he will succeed-dd- Robert Walser . The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is ones destiny to do, and then do it-dd- Henry Ford . Greatness is not in where we stand, but in what direction we are moving-dd- We must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it  but sail we must and not drift, nor lie at anchor-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . You arent going to find anybody thats going to be successful without making a sacrifice and without perseverance-dd- Lou Holtz . To me success means effectiveness in the world, that I am able to carry my ideas and values into the world  that I am able to change it in positive ways-dd- Maxine Hong Kingston . You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one-dd- James A-dd- Froude . Give me a stock clerk with a goal and Ill give you a man who will make history-dd- Give me a man with no goals and Ill give you a stock clerk-dd- J-dd- C-dd- Penney . The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood, who strives valiantly, who errs and comes short again and again, who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotions, and spends himself in a worthy cause, who at best knows achievement and who at the worst if he fails at least fails while daring greatly so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who know neither victory nor defeat-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . I measure success in terms of the contributions an individual makes to her fellow human beings-dd- Margaret Mead . What is success-qq- I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing; knowing that it is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose-dd- Margaret Thatcher . Winners are not afraid of losing-dd- But losers are-dd- Failure is part of the process of success-dd- People who avoid failure also avoid success-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . The heights by great men reached and kept, were not attained by sudden flight, but they, while their companions slept, were toiling upward in the night-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . I long to accomplish a great and noble tasks, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble-dd- The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker-dd- Helen Keller . How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone-dd- Coco Chanel . Be hungry for success, hungry to make your mark, hungry to be seen and to be heard and to have an effect-dd- And as you move up and become successful, make sure also to be hungry for helping others-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . Success isnt a result of spontaneous combustion-dd- You must set yourself on fire-dd- Arnold H-dd- Glasow . The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity-dd- Ayn Rand . Think of success as a game of chance in which you have control over the odds-dd- As you begin to master concepts in personal achievement, you are increasing your odds of achieving success-dd- Bo Bennett . Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . Success is almost totally dependent upon drive and persistence-dd- The extra energy required to make another effort or try another approach is the secret of winning-dd- Denis Waitley . Successful people are the ones who think up things for the rest of the world to keep busy at-dd- Don Marquis . The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Success is the child of drudgery and perseverance-dd- It cannot be coaxed or bribed; pay the price and it is yours-dd- Orison Swett Marden . Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result-dd- Oscar Wilde . Ambition is the path to success-dd- Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in-dd- Bill Bradley . Why be a king, when you can be a god-qq- Eminem . Im the most successful bad player ever-dd- Andy Roddick . Successful people have libraries-dd- The rest have big screen TVs-dd- Jim Rohn . No burden is so heavy for a man to bear as a succession of happy days-dd- Max Planck . Success is simply a matter of luck-dd- Ask any failure-dd- Earl Wilson . I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite-dd- G-dd- K-dd- Chesterton . The more successful the villain, the more successful the picture-dd- Alfred Hitchcock . Success is when the checks dont bounce-dd- Andy Warhol . Every man has a right to be conceited until he is successful-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Its our nature: Human beings like success but they hate successful people-dd- Carrot Top . Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Success is a great deodorant-dd- Elizabeth Taylor . A successful marriage isnt necessarily one that lasts until youre dead-dd- Ellen Barkin . Im finding that success is way more time-consuming than failure ever was-dd- Emma Donoghue . Dont confuse fame with success-dd- Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other-dd- Erma Bombeck . What is success-qq- It is a toy balloon among children armed with pins-dd- Gene Fowler . Dont stress about press if you want success-dd- Maxime Lagac . The secret to success is to offend the greatest number of people-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Success is always less funny than failure-dd- Jon Ronson . A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend-dd- A successful woman is one who can find such a man-dd- Lana Turner . People get successful and they start saying, Well of course I am-xx- I was chosen-xx- Im special-xx- No, youre not-dd- Louis C-dd- K . Part of the secret of a success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside-dd- Mark Twain . If success is a habit, it is a hard one to acquire-dd- Mason Cooley . When I prayed for success, I forgot to ask for sound sleep and good digestion-dd- Mason Cooley . In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk-dd- Rita Rudner . If I die prematurely I shall be saved from being bored to death at my own success-dd- Samuel Butler . Success comes in cans; failure in cants-dd- Wilfred Peterson . Success is dependent upon the glands  sweat glands-dd- Zig Ziglar . Conquer, but dont triumph-dd- Marie Von Ebner-Eschenbach . The fools in life want things fast and easy  money, success, attention-dd- Robert Greene . The wise in life create things slowly, because they love it-dd- Maxime Lagac . Success is not greedy, as people think, but insignificant-dd- That is why it satisfies nobody-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . The great person is one who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding youre exactly the same-dd- Audrey Hepburn . The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to achieve this success-qq- Larry Flynt . Success is counted sweetest by those who never succeed-dd- To comprehend a nectar  requires sorest need-dd- Emily Dickinson . The success or failure of a life, as far as posterity goes, seems to lie in the more or less luck of seizing the right moment of escape-dd- Alice James . Success in life is founded upon attention to the small things rather than to the large things; to the every day things nearest to us rather than to the things that are remote and uncommon-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . The depth of your mythology is the extent of your effectiveness-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Practice like youve never won-dd- Perform like youve never lost-dd- Bernard F-dd- Asuncion . There is only one kind of success that really matters: the success of transforming ourselves, transforming our afflictions, fear, and anger-dd- This is the kind of success, the kind of power, that will benefits us and others without causing any damage-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal, and then leap in the dark to our success-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Success is full of promise till one gets it, and then it seems like a nest from which the bird has flown-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Success is when you can spend 90 percent of your time doing the things you want to do and only 10 percent doing things you have to do-dd- Most peoples lives are just the opposite-dd- Scott Spangler . Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it Success is shy  it wont come out while youre watching-dd- Tennessee Williams . Success  keeping your mind awake and your desire asleep-dd- Walter Scott . Success is a consequence and must not be a goal-dd- Gustave Flaubert . To be successful be ahead of your time, but only a little-dd- Mason Cooley . Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it-dd- Henry David Thoreau . There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win-dd- Jonathan Kozol . Be careful, ever so careful, in trumpeting your own achievements, and always talk less about yourself than about other people-dd- Modesty is generally preferable-dd- Robert Greene . Actually, your past successes are your biggest obstacle: every battle, every war, is different, and you cannot assume that what worked before will work today-dd- Robert Greene . Success isnt about how your life looks to others-dd- Its about how it feels to you-dd- Michelle Obama . Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own-dd- Michelle Obama . Success is about doing the right thing, not about doing everything right-dd- Gary Keller . Best predictor of success: Innate ability to allocate time properly-dd- Keith Rabois . Success is created by doing the basics, to a high standard, consistently-dd- Thibaut . Success comes down to choosing the pain of discipline over the ease of capitulation-dd- Thibaut . Are you chasing success-qq- Chase good habits instead-dd- Maxime Lagac . Winning is a matter of perception-dd- Some will check the scoreboard, others will check the progress-dd- What are you checking-qq- Maxime Lagac . If you want to be successful, surround yourself with people who are more successful than you are, but if you want to be happy, surround yourself with people who are less successful than you are-dd- Naval Ravikant . He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Your level of success will rarely exceed your level of personal development, because success is something you attract by the person you become-dd- Ryan Holiday . If I tell you Im good, probably you will say Im boasting-dd- But if I tell you Im not good, youll know Im lying-dd- Bruce Lee . Show me someone for whom success is less important than the manner in which it is achieved-dd- Of concern for the means, rather than the ends, of their actionsI want to see him-dd- This is the person I have looked for a long time, the true genius-dd- Epictetus . The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success-dd- Bruce Feirstein . Accomplishing goals is not success-dd- How much you expand in the process is-dd- Brianna Wiest . If you only master yourself and you dont help anyone else, wed call you happy, but nobody would define you as successful-dd- Derek Sivers . Success produces confidence; confidence relaxes industry, and negligence ruins the reputation which accuracy had raised-dd- Ben Jonson . Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom-dd- Euripides . Each success only buys an admission ticket to a more difficult problem-dd- Henry A-dd- Kissinger . It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him-dd- Max Planck . You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Success is dangerous-dd- One begins to copy oneself, and to copy oneself is more dangerous than to copy others-dd- It leads to sterility-dd- Pablo Picasso . The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . I have had all of the disadvantages required for success-dd- Larry Ellison . Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world-dd- Lily Tomlin . Life is a succession of moments-dd- To live each one is to succeed-dd- Corita Kent . This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him-dd- William Lyon Phelps . How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong-dd- Because someday in life you will have been all of these-dd- George Washington Carver . Everything Ive ever done was out of fear of being mediocre-dd- Chet Atkins . Life is not about accomplishing things and then showing off to people-dd- Its about doing what truly matters to you in the most beautiful way possible-dd- Maxime Lagac . Success isnt always going to be a huge contract; success is going to be if you just live out your purpose in life-dd- Allan Houston . Those who succeed and are happy know that the goal is to be authentic and memorable and make a difference, not to be understood and liked by everyone-dd- Neil Strauss . Happiness is not always through success-dd- Equally, the constant pursuit of success is sure unhappiness-dd- But we have to find the balance-dd- Amy Chua . Life fundamentally does not change depending on work or fame or success-dd- Anson Mount . Sometimes success comes in ways you dont expect-dd- Ben Barnes . A person is a success if they get up in the morning and gets to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do-dd- Bob Dylan . We need to internalize this idea of excellence-dd- Not many folks spend a lot of time trying to be excellent-dd- Barack Obama . You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing-dd- Dale Carnegie . Life is a succession of lessons enforced by immediate reward, or, oftener, by immediate chastisement-dd- Ernest Dimnet . Often its the little, daily decisions  the ones you make hour by hour  that mean the difference between success and failure-dd- Mary Kay Ash . We reveal our joys and successes, we conceal our pain-dd- Jesse Jackson . I gave up a lot of things in exchange for my success-dd- Billy Sheehan . Success comes from curiosity, concentration, perseverance and self-criticism-dd- Albert Einstein . Im not one of those people who thinks they simply deserve success-dd- I have the drive to work-dd- Bridget Moynahan . Perseverance  a lowly virtue whereby mediocrity achieves an inglorious success-dd- Ambrose Bierce . Hard work  the most raw and obvious way to reach something-dd- Maxime Lagac . Not doing more than the average is what keeps the average down-dd- William M-dd- Winans . People just dont understand how obsessed I am with winning-dd- Kobe Bryant . Im convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non successful entrepreneurs is pure perseverance-dd- It is so hard, you pour so much of your life into this thing, there are such rough moments in time, that most people give up-dd- I dont blame them, its really tough-dd- Steve Jobs . I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . I cant imagine a person becoming a success who doesnt give this game of life everything hes got-dd- Walter Cronkite . Yesterday I dared to struggle-dd- Today I dare to win-dd- Bernadette Devlin . Making your mark on the world is hard-dd- If it were easy, everybody would do it-dd- But its not-dd- It takes patience, it takes commitment, and it comes with plenty of failure along the way-dd- The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you wont-dd- Its whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere-dd- Barack Obama . We all naturally want to become successful we also want to take shortcuts-dd- And its easy to do so, but you can never take away the effort of hard work and discipline and sacrifice-dd- Apolo Ohno . The harder you work for something you love, the more meaningful your life becomes-dd- Maxime Lagac . Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success-dd- Dale Carnegie . Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal-dd- Earl Nightingale . No matter how much it hurts now, someday you will look back and realize your struggles changed your life for the better-dd- . Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day-dd- Jim Rohn . The moment we believe that success is determined by an ingrained level of ability as opposed to resilience and hard work, we will be brittle in the face of adversity-dd- Joshua Waitzkin . The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself-dd- Mark Caine . A constant struggle, a ceaseless battle to bring success from inhospitable surroundings, is the price of all great achievements-dd- Orison Swett Marden . Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd-dd- . Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth-dd- Mike Tyson . We can be truly successful only at something were willing to fail at-dd- Mark Manson . Good people are good because theyve come to wisdom through failure-dd- We get very little wisdom from success, you know-dd- William Saroyan . Those who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try nothing and succeed-dd- Lloyd Jones . Do you really think youll learn and grow and achieve without failing-qq- Maxime Lagac . Obstacles are placed in our way to see if what we want is really worth fighting for-dd- Unknown . I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody-dd- Herbert B-dd- Swope . Man approaches the unattainable truth through a succession of errors-dd- Aldous Huxley . Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats-dd- Amos Bronson Alcott . A rejection is nothing more than a necessary step in the pursuit of success-dd- Bo Bennett . It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success; they much oftener succeed through failures-dd- Precept, study, advice, and example could never have taught them so well as failure has done-dd- Samuel Smiles . Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success-dd- Bo Bennett . Its how you deal with failure that determines how you achieve success-dd- Charlotte Whitton . Develop success from failures-dd- Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success-dd- Dale Carnegie . Real successful people are the ones who dont even bother about obstacles because they know exactly what they want-dd- Maxime Lagac . The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way-dd- Dale Carnegie . Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Without failure there is no sweetness in success-dd- Theres no understanding of it-dd- Glenn Beck . Success is more dangerous than failure, the ripples break over a wider coastline-dd- Graham Greene . Despite the successes, you remember the failures  rather lovingly-dd- Harold Prince . I think success has no rules, but you can learn a great deal from failure-dd- Jean Kerr . The road to success is always under construction-dd- Lily Tomlin . Before success comes in any mans life, hes sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures-dd- When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit-dd- Thats exactly what the majority of men do-dd- Napoleon Hill . No man ever achieved worth-while success who did not, at one time or other, find himself with at least one foot hanging well over the brink of failure-dd- Napoleon Hill . Success is not built on success-dd- Its built on failure-dd- Its built on frustration-dd- Sometimes its built on catastrophe-dd- Navjot Singh Sidhu . Once you can accept failure, you can have fun and success-dd- Rickey Henderson . Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises-dd- Demosthenes . It is common sense to take a method and try it-dd- If it fails, admit it frankly and try another-dd- But above all, try something-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Your ability to learn faster than your competition is your only sustainable competitive advantage-dd- Arie De Gues . Successful entrepreneurs may hate hierarchies and structures and try to destroy them-dd- They may garner the disapproval of MBAs for their creativity and wildness-dd- But they have antennae in their heads-dd- When they walk down the street anywhere in the world, they have their antennae out, evaluating how what they see can relate back to what they are doing-dd- It might be packaging, a word, a poem, or even something in a completely different business-dd- Anita Roddick . The worlds most successful entrepreneurs play hard, but they work even harder-dd- Ben Parr . If you delight your customers, youll delight your shareholders-dd- Maxime Lagac . Real success is being totally indulgent about your own trip-dd- You put your blinders on about the garbage and go full speed ahead-dd- Betsey Johnson . Our success has really been based on partnerships from the very beginning-dd- Bill Gates . To be successful you have to be lucky, or a little mad, or very talented, or find yourself in a rapid growth field-dd- Edward de Bono . Really liking what you do, whatever area that you get into, even if youre the best of the best, theres always a chance of failure-dd- So, I think its important that you really like whatever youre doing, if you dont like it, life is too short-dd- If you like what youre doing, you think about it even when youre not working, its something that your mind is drawn to-dd- And if you dont like it, you really just cant make it work-dd- Elon Musk . Leadership is the key to 99 percent of all successful efforts-dd- Erskine Bowles . The professional has learned that success, like happiness, comes as a by-product of work-dd- The professional concentrates on the work and allows rewards to come or not come, whatever they like-dd- Steven Pressfield . Every young man would do well to remember that all successful business stands on the foundation of morality-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret of outward success-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . If we go to work at 8 am and go home at 5 pm, this is not a high-tech company and Alibaba will never be successful-dd- If we have that kind of 8-to-5 spirit, then we should just go and do something else-dd- Jack Ma (Alibaba) . The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people-dd- Harvey S-dd- Firestone . The doers are the major thinkers-dd- The people that really create the things that change this industry are both the doer/thinker in one person-dd- Steve Jobs . Combining all of those skills together, the art and the science, the thinking and the doing, was what resulted in the exceptional result-dd- (Talking about successful polymath Leonardo da Vinci being a chemist, knowing about human anatomy, mixing his own paint, painting, etc-dd-) . No matter how successful you are in your career, you must always remember that we are here to live-dd- If you keep yourself busy working, you will surely regret it-dd- Jack Ma (Alibaba) . We are successful today not because we did a great job today, but because we had a dream 15 years ago, and we believed that the Internet could help small businesses-dd- Jack Ma (Alibaba) . The biggest hurdle is rejection-dd- Any business you start, be ready for it-dd- The difference between successful people and unsuccessful people is the successful people do all the things the unsuccessful people dont want to do-dd- When 10 doors are slammed in your face, go to door number 11 enthusiastically, with a smile on your face-dd- John Paul DeJoria . Great achievers are driven, not so much by the pursuit of success, but by the fear of failure-dd- Larry Ellison . Successful enterprises are built from the ground up-dd- You cant assemble them with a bunch of acquisitions-dd- Lou Gerstner . Reputation is the key to success-dd- You have to be loyal to your customers-dd- Li Ka Shing . People are the key to success or extraordinary success-dd- Azim Premji . The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as a human being-dd- His heart withers if it does not answer another heart-dd- His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . The secret of joy in work is contained in one word  excellence-dd- To know how to do something well is to enjoy it-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Success comes when people act together; failure tends to happen alone-dd- Deepak Chopra . Nothing reinforces a professional relationship more than enjoying success with someone-dd- Harold Ramis . Coming together is a beginning-dd- Keeping together is progress-dd- Working together is success-dd- Henry Ford . The keystone of successful business is cooperation-dd- Friction retards progress-dd- J-dd-C-dd- Penney . Your successes and happiness are forgiven you only if you generously consent to share them-dd- Albert Camus . Success is the one unpardonable sin against our fellows-dd- Ambrose Bierce . All those who are around me are the bridge to my success, so they are all important-dd- Manny Pacquiao . I believe that people who dont achieve anything in life are isolated and resent those that are successful-dd- Manuel Puig . My mum always told me 95 per cent of success was partnering well-dd- Marc Anthony . Successful organizations, including the Military, have learned that the higher the risk, the more necessary it is to engage everyones commitment and intelligence-dd- Margaret J-dd- Wheatley . The success of each of us benefits us all, and the success of us all benefits each of us individually-dd- Walter Ulbricht . Being a part of success is more important than being personally indispensable-dd- Pat Riley . Fortune sides with him who dares-dd- Virgil . Stop chasing the money and start chasing the passion-dd- Tony Hsieh . The truly passionate people do it out of love, caring and truth-dd- Maxime Lagac . While money cant buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery-dd- Groucho Marx . A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him-dd- David Brinkley . The ideals which have lighted me on my way and time after time given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been truth, goodness, and beauty The ordinary objects of human endeavour  property, outward success, luxury  have always seemed to me contemptible-dd- Albert Einstein . Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition-dd- It asks too little of yourself-dd- And it will leave you unfulfilled-dd- Barack Obama . I was working eighteen hours a day, seven days a week, trying to build a business, expand our coverage, and bring in investors-dd- But my life, I realized, was out of control-dd- In terms of the traditional measures of success, which focus on money and power, I was very successful-dd- But I was not living a successful life by any sane definition of success-dd- I knew something had to radically change-dd- I could not go on that way-dd- Arianna Huffington . To live the lives we truly want and deserve, and not just the lives we settle for, we need a Third Metric, a third measure of success that goes beyond the two metrics of money and power, and consists of four pillars: well-being, wisdom, wonder and giving-dd- Arianna Huffington . Success and money can really be quite blinding-dd- Jim Harrison . Real success is know about money, its about making an positive impact in the world-dd- Maxime Lagac . Dont think money does everything or you are going to end up doing everything for money-dd- Voltaire . Money is like manure-dd- It stinks when you pile it; it grows when you spread it-dd- JRD Tata . Real riches are the riches possessed inside-dd- B-dd- C-dd- Forbes . The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . That should be the measure of success for everyone-dd- Its not money, its not fame, its not celebrity; my index of success is happiness-dd- Lupe Fiasco . A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money-dd- John Ruskin . What material success does is provide you with the ability to concentrate on other things that really matter-dd- And that is being able to make a difference, not only in your own life, but in other peoples lives-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Too many people spend money they earned-dd--dd-to buy things they dont want-dd--dd-to impress people that they dont like-dd- Will Rogers . Top 15 things money cant buy: Time-dd- Happiness-dd- Inner Peace-dd- Integrity-dd- Love-dd- Character-dd- Manners-dd- Health-dd- Respect-dd- Morals-dd- Trust-dd- Patience-dd- Class-dd- Common sense-dd- Dignity-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart-dd- Jonathan Swift . Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants-dd- Epictetus . Nothing is particularly hard if you break it down into small jobs-dd- Henry Ford . You dont have to show people how successful you are-dd- Martin Yan . What would you like the most on your tombstone-qq- She/he was famous or she/he was a kind and loving friend-qq- Maxime Lagac . The more that you read, the more things you will know-dd- The more you learn, the more places youll go-xx- Dr-dd- Seuss . No-one knows what he can do until he tries-dd- Publilius Syrus . Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it-dd- Bruce Lee . Winning doesnt always mean being first-dd- Winning means youre doing better than youve done before-dd- Bonnie Blair . The most important aspect of my personality as far as determining my success goes; has been my questioning conventional wisdom, doubting experts and questioning authority-dd- While that can be painful in your relationships with your parents and teachers, its enormously useful in life-dd- Larry Ellison . Youre braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think-dd- A-dd-A-dd- Milne . Every action in our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity-dd- Edwin Hubbel Chapin . Be silly, be honest, be kind-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Dont let what you cant do stop you from doing what you can do-dd- John Wooden . Give the world the best you have, and the best will come to you-dd- Madeline Bridge . Fall seven times, stand up eight-dd- Japanese Saying . Play is our brains favorite way of learning-dd- Diane Ackerman . Dont expect your friend to be a perfect person-dd- But, help your friend to become a perfect person-dd- That is true friendship-xx- Mother Teresa . It doesnt matter how slowly you go  as long as you dont stop-xx- Confucius . Never give up on what you really want to do-dd- The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts-dd- Albert Einstein . If you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely-dd- Roald Dahl . No kid is unsmart-dd- Every kids a genius at something-dd- Our job is to find it-dd- And then encourage it-dd- Robin Sharma . Pulling someone down will never help you reach the top-dd- . Why fit in when you were born to stand out-qq- Dr-dd- Seuss . Fame and success are very different things-dd- Enya . True success is having done his best to be his best-dd- Maxime Lagac . The measure of success is happiness and peace of mind-dd- Bobby Davro . You are great-dd- Already-dd- Whether you realize it or not-dd- Whether anybody else realizes it or not-dd- And its not because you launched an iPhone app, or finished school a year early, or bought yourself a sweet-ass boat-dd- These things do not define greatness-dd- Mark Manson . Integrity is more valuable than income-dd- Honor is richer than fame-dd- Self-worth is wealthier than net worth-dd- Robin Sharma . The man who has done his level best is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure-dd- B-dd- C-dd- Forbes . The great secret of true success, of true happiness, is this: the man or woman who asks for no return, the perfectly unselfish person, is the most successful-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed-dd- Vaclav Havel . For some, success and happiness mean popularity, noise, having the spotlight-dd- For others, it means peace, wisdom, silence, doing whats important to you and making an impact-dd- Maxime Lagac . One should guard against preaching to young people success in the customary form as the main aim in life-dd- The most important motive for work in school and in life is pleasure in work, pleasure in its result and the knowledge of the value of the result to the community-dd- Albert Einstein . The greatest compliment that was ever paid me was when one asked me what I thought, and attended to my answer-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Neither self nor wealth can be measured in terms of what you consume or own-dd- Rolf Potts . My mother drew a distinction between achievement and success-dd- She said that achievement is the knowledge that you have studied and worked hard and done the best that is in you-dd- Success is being praised by others, and thats nice, too, but not as important or satisfying-dd- Always aim for achievement and forget about success-dd- Helen Hayes . Love the moment-dd- Flowers grow out of dark moments-dd- Therefore, each moment is vital-dd- It affects the whole-dd- Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed-dd- Corita Kent . True success, true happiness lies in freedom and fulfillment-dd- Dada Vaswani . To follow without halt, one aim; there is the secret of success-dd- And success-qq- What is it-qq- I do not find it in the applause of the theater; it lies rather in the satisfaction of accomplishment-dd- Anna Pavlova . If I have been of service, if I have glimpsed more of the nature and essence of ultimate good, if I am inspired to reach wider horizons of thought and action, if I am at peace with myself, it has been a successful day-dd- Alex Noble . What were beginning to recognize now is that success is not always about doing more, but also about doing better, and we do better when were connected to our inner wisdom, strength, and intuition-dd- Arianna Huffington . Success is a journey, not a destination-dd- The doing is often more important than the outcome-dd- Arthur Ashe . I dont believe the most successful people are the ones who got the best grades, got into the best schools, or made the most money-dd- Ben Stein . Most of the successful people Ive known are the ones who do more listening than talking-dd- Bernard Baruch . Success is about enjoying what you have and where you are, while pursuing achievable goals-dd- Bo Bennett . Do your best when no one is looking-dd- If you do that, then you can be successful in anything that you put your mind to-dd- Bob Cousy . Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others-dd- Unsuccessful people are always asking, Whats in it for me-qq--dd- Brian Tracy . Being best is a false goal, you have to measure success on your own terms-dd- Damien Hirst . Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart-dd- Kahlil Gibran . I dont work for the others, I work for myself-dd- And I chose the way to work for myself-dd- But working for myself, that means working for the society-dd- If you really want to work for yourself, think about the others, the DT time, making sure you help others, because only when the other people are successful, when the other people are happy, youll be successful, youll be happy-dd- Jack Ma . Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming-dd- John Wooden . The successful man doesnt use others, other people use the successful man, for above all the success is of service-dd- Mark Caine . Success is about honour, feeling morally calibrated, absence of shame, not what some newspaper defines from an external metric-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals-dd- Paul J-dd- Meyer . Success in anything is through happiness-dd- Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . Modesty should be typical of the success of a champion-dd- Major Taylor . I think people often confuse success with fame and stardom-dd- Brenda Blethyn . We must do our work for its own sake, not for fortune or attention or applause-dd- Steven Pressfield . Success is simple-dd- Do whats right, the right way, at the right time-dd- Arnold H-dd- Glasow . Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity-dd- William Menninger . Success is not the key to happiness-dd- Happiness is the key to success-dd- If you love what you are doing, you will be successful-dd- Albert Schweitzer . A great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Success is the good fortune that comes from aspiration, desperation, perspiration and inspiration-dd- Evan Esar . There is no scientific answer for success-dd- You cant define it-dd- Youve simply got to live it and do it-dd- Anita Roddick . So I feel like success is opportunity plus preparation, so work begets work, and as long as youre prepared its going to continue to come your way-dd- Anthony Mackie . One important key to success is self-confidence-dd- An important key to self-confidence is preparation-dd- Arthur Ashe . One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear-dd- Brian Tracy . Experience shows that success is due less to ability than to zeal-dd- Charles Buxton . The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . The key is over time-dd- Success is built sequentially-dd- Its one thing at a time-dd- Gary Keller . The secret of success is sincerity-dd- Jean Giraudoux . Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well-dd- Jim Rohn . Singleness of purpose is essential for success in life-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . The key to my success has been to give up everything for my dream-dd- John H-dd- Johnson . The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life  mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical-dd- Julius Erving . Success follows doing what you want to do-dd- There is no other way to be successful-dd- Malcolm Forbes . Success is achieved by developing our strengths, not by eliminating our weaknesses-dd- Marilyn vos Savant . Without an open-minded mind, you can never be a great success-dd- Martha Stewart . Failure is the key to success; each mistake teaches us something-dd- Morihei Ueshiba . Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Integrity is the essence of everything successful-dd- R-dd- Buckminster Fuller . Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it-dd- Sam Ewing . Success in any endeavor depends on the degree to which it is an expression of your true self-dd- Ralph Marston . Climb mountains not so the world can see you, but so you can see the world-dd- David McCullough Jr . The rich invest in time, the poor invest in money-dd- Warren Buffett . The more you learn, the more you earn-dd- Warren Buffett . If you make meaning, you’ll make money-dd- Guy Kawasaki . Rich people believe “I create my life”-dd- Poor people believe “Life happens to me”-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Earn with your mind, not your time-dd- Naval Ravikant . Trade money for time, not time for money-dd- You’re going to run out of time first-dd- Naval Ravikant . Stop buying things you don’t need, to impress people you don’t even like-dd- Suze Orman . If it’s only about money we are hopeless-dd- If it’s about people we are hopeful-dd- Maxime Lagacé . There are people who have money and people who are rich-dd- Coco Chanel . I make myself rich by making my wants few-dd- Henry David Thoreau . When I had money everyone called me brother-dd- Polish proverb . Don’t just make money, make a difference-dd- Grant Cardone . Money moves from those who do not manage it to those who do-dd- Dave Ramsey . The money you have gives you freedom; the money you pursue enslaves you-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money-dd- W-dd- C-dd- Fields . My favorite things in life don’t cost any money-dd- It’s really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time-dd- Steve Jobs . Wealth is not about having a lot of money; it’s about having a lot of options-dd- Chris Rock . That man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Invest in as much of yourself as you can, you are your own biggest asset by far-dd- Warren Buffett . Formal education will make you a living-dd- Self-education will make you a fortune-dd- Jim Rohn . Don’t let making a living prevent you from making a life-dd- John Wooden . Money is a great servant but a bad master-dd- Francis Bacon . I think everybody should get rich and famous and do everything they ever dreamed of so they can see that it’s not the answer-dd- Jim Carrey . Spend your money on the things money can buy-dd- Spend your time on the things money can’t buy-dd- Haruki Murakami . I don’t want to make money-dd- I just want to be wonderful-dd- Marilyn Monroe . The ultimate purpose of money is so that you do not have to be in a specific place at a specific time doing anything you don’t want to do-dd- Naval Ravikant . Seek wealth, not money or status-dd- Wealth is having assets that earn while you sleep-dd- Money is how we transfer time and wealth-dd- Status is your place in the social hierarchy-dd- Naval Ravikant . Money is numbers and numbers never end-dd- If it takes money to be happy, your search for happiness will never end-dd- Bob Marley . The best way to become a billionaire is to help a billion people-dd- Peter Diamandis . The rich invest their money and spend what is left; the poor spend their money and invest what is left-dd- Jim Rohn . Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition-dd- It asks too little of yourself-dd- And it will leave you unfulfilled-dd- Barack Obama . You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity-dd- Thomas Wolfe . It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor-dd- Seneca . Not he who has much is rich, but he who gives much-dd- Erich Fromm (This is one of my favorite money quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Rule No-dd- 1: Never lose money-dd- Rule No-dd- 2: Never forget Rule No-dd- 1-dd- Warren Buffett . I always knew I was going to be rich-dd- I don’t think I ever doubted it for a minute-dd- Warren Buffett . We don’t make movies to make money, we make money to make more movies-dd- Walt Disney . Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Money is not the only answer, but it makes a difference-dd- Barack Obama . Money can’t buy happiness, but it will certainly get you a better class of memories-dd- Ronald Reagan . Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score-dd- The real excitement is playing the game-dd- Donald Trump . Simply put: we don’t build services to make money; we make money to build better services-dd- And we think this is a good way to build something-dd- Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook) . I believe the power to make money is a gift of God-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . There is only one boss-dd- The customer-dd- And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else-dd- Sam Walton (Walmart) . The rich cannot accumulate wealth without the co-operation of the poor in society-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . If you can get paid for doing what you love, every paycheck is a bonus Oprah Winfrey . We have always believed that it’s possible to make money without being evil-dd- Larry Page (Google) . Money won’t create success, the freedom to make it will-dd- Nelson Mandela . Capital as such is not evil; it is its wrong use that is evil-dd- Capital in some form or other will always be needed-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . We buy things we don’t need with money we don’t have to impress people we don’t like-dd- Tyler Durden (Fight Club) . Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money-dd- Johnny Cash . My formula for success is rise early, work late and strike oil-dd- J-dd- Paul Getty . When it is a question of money, everybody is of the same religion-dd- Voltaire . All the money you made will never buy back your soul-dd- Bob Dylan . It is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating-dd- Oscar Wilde . I don’t care too much for money, for money can’t buy me love-dd- The Beatles . I’d like to live as a poor man with lots of money-dd- Pablo Picasso . Rich people are committed to being rich-dd- Poor people want to be rich-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Rich people focus on opportunities-dd- Poor people focus on obstacles-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . It does not take money to make money-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . All money is a matter of belief-dd- Adam Smith . Money may be spent but never squandered-dd- Li Ka Shing . A man in debt is so far a slave-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Money is like manure-dd- You have to spread it around or it smells-dd- J-dd- Paul Getty . Money is a way of measuring wealth but is not wealth in itself-dd- Alan Watts . Don’t go broke trying to go rich-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Money doesn’t change people-dd- It unmasks them-dd- Unknown . Money is the best deodorant-dd- Elizabeth Taylor . Life is a game-dd- Money is how we keep score-dd- Ted Turner . Rich people think big-dd- Poor people think small-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Rich people play the money game to win-dd- Poor people play the money game to not lose-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Money grows on the tree of persistence-dd- Japanese proverb . The fools in life want things fast and easy — money, success, attention-dd- Robert Greene . If money’s where you find happiness, you’ll always be poor-dd- NF . If you cannot control your emotions, you cannot control your money-dd- Warren Buffett . Money, like vodka, turns a person into an eccentric-dd- Anton Chekhov . Money has no grey areas-dd- You either make it or you lose it-dd- Kevin O’Leary (Shark Tank) . Words are the money of fools-dd- Thomas Hobbes . Fortune sides with him who dares-dd- Virgil . The goal isn’t more money-dd- The goal is living life on your terms-dd- Chris Brogan . Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination-dd- Oscar Wilde . I find out what the world needs-dd- Then, I go ahead and invent it-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Make your goal more than money-dd- Make it about helping people and creating a better future-dd- Maxime Lagacé . It’s not how much money you make, but how much money you keep, how hard it works for you, and how many generations you keep it for-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . There is gold everywhere-dd- Most people are not trained to see it-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Like Warren, I had a considerable passion to get rich, not because I wanted Ferraris – I wanted the independence-dd- I desperately wanted it-dd- Charlie Munger . Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work-dd- Thomas Edison . I’m hard working, frugal, steadfast, willing to learn and to build a credible name-dd- Li Ka Shing . What matters is that you achieve success and become free-dd- Then you can do whatever you like-dd- Kevin O’Leary (Shark Tank) . It’s not about the money-dd- It’s about the life I want to live-dd- Unknown . If your goal is to be comfortable, chances are you’ll never get rich-dd- But if your goal is to be rich, chances are you’ll end up mighty comfortable-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker (Secrets of the Millionaire Mind) . Rich people act in spite of fear-dd- Poor people let fear stop them-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Rich people choose to get paid based on results-dd- Poor people choose to get paid based on time-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Keep your eye on the goal, keep moving toward your target-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . It’s simple arithmetic: “Your income can grow only to the extent you do”-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Where the determination is, the way can be found-dd- George S-dd- Clason (The Richest Man in Babylon) . Opportunity is a haughty goddess who wastes no time with those who are unprepared-dd- George S-dd- Clason (The Richest Man in Babylon) . To fulfill a dream, to be allowed to sweat over lonely labor, to be given a chance to create, is the meat and potatoes of life-dd- The money is the gravy-dd- Bette Davis . You have to be myopic and completely focused and unbalanced in every way-dd- Once you’ve achieved success, you’re free to do whatever you like-dd- Kevin O’Leary (Shark Tank) . Someone’s sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago-dd- Warren Buffett . If you don’t find a way to make money while you sleep, you will work until you die-dd- Warren Buffett . If you don’t get serious about your money you will never have serious money-dd- Grant Cardone . Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math-dd- Ambrose Bierce . Does running out of money count as exercise-qq- Unknown . It’s amazing how fast later comes when you buy now-dd- Milton Berle . Taking drugs and thinking that you are happy is like taking a loan and thinking you have money-dd- Thibaut . Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit-dd- George Carlin . A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don’t need it-dd- Bob Hope . Cocaine is God’s way of telling you you are making too much money-dd- Robin Williams . If you didn’t get the deferred-gratification gene, you’ve got to work very hard to overcome that-dd- Charlie Munger . Men are like bank accounts-dd- Without a lot of money they don’t generate a lot of interest-dd- Unknown . There’s no money in poetry, but then there’s no poetry in money, either-dd- Robert Graves . If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to-dd- Dorothy Parker . Inflation is taxation without legislation-dd- Milton Friedman . People say that money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you have enough money, you can have a key made-dd- Joan Rivers . Investing should be more like watching paint dry or watching grass grow-dd- If you want excitement, take $800 and go to Las Vegas-dd- Paul Samuelson . I love money-dd- I love everything about it-dd- I bought some pretty good stuff-dd- Got me a $300 pair of socks-dd- Got a fur sink-dd- An electric dog polisher-dd- A gasoline powered turtleneck sweater-dd- And, of course, I bought some dumb stuff, too-dd- Steve Martin . Money and women are the most sought after and the least known about of any two things we have-dd- Will Rogers . The quickest way to double your money is to fold it in half and put it in your back pocket-dd- Will Rogers . Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don’t have for something they don’t need-dd- Will Rogers . If you think nobody cares if you’re alive, try missing a couple of car payments-dd- Earl Wilson . The funny thing is, the people who work really hard, they work really hard so they can sit on their ass – they just want to sit on their ass in nicer surroundings-dd- Karl Pilkington . When I was young I thought that money was the most important thing in life; now that I am old I know that it is-dd- Oscar Wilde . Someone asked me why women don’t gamble as much as men do, and I gave the commonsensical reply that we don’t have as much money-dd- That was a true and incomplete answer-dd- In fact, women’s total instinct for gambling is satisfied by marriage-dd- Gloria Steinem . Rich people have small TVs and big libraries, and poor people have small libraries and big TVs-dd- Zig Ziglar . Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys-dd- P-dd- J-dd- O’Rourke . Money can buy you a fine dog, but only love can make him wag his tail-dd- Kinky Friedman . Whoever said money can’t buy happiness simply didn’t know where to go shopping-dd- Gertrude Stein . I put a dollar in one of those change machines-dd- Nothing changed-dd- George Carlin . Some people are so poor, all they have is money-dd- Unknown . There are two things people want more than sex and money… recognition and praise-dd- Mary Kay Ash . Money is only a tool-dd- It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver-dd- Ayn Rand . I refuse to apologize for my ability – I refuse to apologize for my success – I refuse to apologize for my money-dd- If this is evil, make the most of it-dd- Ayn Rand . The way to stop financial joyriding is to arrest the chauffeur, not the automobile-dd- Woodrow Wilson . Money is multiplied in practical value depending on the number of W’s you control in your life: what you do, when you do it, where you do it, and with whom you do it-dd- Tim Ferriss . Making money is a common sense-dd- It’s not rocket science-dd- But unfortunately, when it comes to money, common sense is uncommon-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . You either make sense or you make money-dd- R-dd- Buckminster Fuller . When you’re finally wealthy, you’ll realize that it wasn’t what you were seeking in the first place-dd- Naval Ravikant . He sacrifices his health in order to make money-dd- Then he sacrifices money to recuperate his health-dd- And then he is so anxious about the future that he does not enjoy the present; the result being that he does not live in the present or the future; he lives as if he is never going to die, and then dies having never really lived-dd- Dalai Lama . Rich people stay rich by living like they are broke-dd- Broke people stay broke by living like they are rich-dd- Unknown . You were not born to just pay bills and die-dd- Unknown . There is a gigantic difference between earning a great deal of money and being rich-dd- Marlene Dietrich . When you know how to make money, you’re obligated to-dd- Marshall Sylver . It’s a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money-dd- Albert Camus . Money is the alienated essence of man’s work and existence; this essence dominates him and he worships it-dd- Karl Marx . Many folks think they aren’t good at earning money, when what they don’t know is how to use it-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual doom-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . They deem me mad because I will not sell my days for gold; and I deem them mad because they think my days have a price-dd- Kahlil Gibran . So many people of wealth understand much more about making and saving money than about using and enjoying it-dd- They fail to live because they are always preparing to live-dd- Alan Watts . It doesn’t matter about money; having it, not having it-dd- Or having clothes, or not having them-dd- You’re still left alone with yourself in the end-dd- Billy Idol . It is not the employer who pays the wages-dd- Employers only handle the money-dd- It is the customer who pays the wages-dd- Henry Ford . Fortune is like glass – the brighter the glitter, the more easily broken-dd- Publilius Syrus . You can make money or you can make sense-dd- The two are mutually exclusive-dd- R-dd- Buckminster Fuller . Frugality includes all the other virtues-dd- Cicero . Just because you can afford it doesn’t mean you should buy it-dd- Suze Orman . He that wants money, means, and content is without three good friends-dd- William Shakespeare . The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell-dd- Confucius . You don’t get rich by spending your time to save money-dd- You get rich by saving your time to make money-dd- Naval Ravikant . Change your focus from making money to serving more people-dd- Serving people makes the money come in-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Success is not the result of making money; earning money is the result of success – and success is in direct proportion to our service-dd- Earl Nightingale . Real wealth is not about money-dd- Real wealth is: not having to go to meetings, not having to spend time with jerks, not being locked into status games, not feeling like you have to say “yes”, not worrying about others claiming your time and energy-dd- Real wealth is about freedom-dd- James Clear . Human beings are much bigger than just making money-dd- Muhammad Yunus . In the Middle Ages, the rich spent their money carelessly on extravagant luxuries, whereas peasants lived frugally minding every penny-dd- Today, the tables have turned-dd- The rich take great care managing their assets and investments while the less well go into debt buying cars and televisions they don’t really need-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . The supreme commandment of the rich is ‘Invest-xx- The supreme commandment of the rest of us is Buy-xx- Yuval Noah Harari . Wealth does not make people happy, but positive increases in wealth may-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Do not spend what is left after spending, but spend what is left after saving-dd- Warren Buffett . To acquire money requires valor, to keep money requires prudence, and to spend money well is an art-dd- Berthold Auerbach . Without wisdom, gold is quickly lost by those who have it-dd- George S-dd- Clason (The Richest Man In Babylon) . Look to your health; and if you have it, praise God, and value it next to a good conscience; for health is the second blessing that we mortals are capable of; a blessing that money cannot buy-dd- Izaak Waldon . Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons-dd- Woody Allen . It’s good to have money and the things that money can buy, but it’s good, too, to check up once in a while and make sure that you haven’t lost the things that money can’t buy-dd- George Lorimer . By sowing frugality we reap liberty, a golden harvest-dd- Agesilaus . Remember that the only purpose of money is to get you what you want, so think hard about what you value and put it above money-dd- Ray Dalio . To give real service you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, and that is sincerity and integrity-dd- Douglas Adams . Money cannot buy peace of mind-dd- It cannot heal ruptured relationships, or build meaning into a life that has none-dd- Richard M-dd- DeVos . A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart-dd- Jonathan Swift . Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . Not having money to spend doesn’t mean we can’t have well-spent moments every day-dd- Sarah Ban Breathnach . What difference does it make how much you have-qq- What you do not have amounts to much more-dd- Seneca . No wealth can ever make a bad man at peace with himself-dd- Plato . Don’t go to work to make money; go to work to spread joy-dd- Marianne Williamson . If you live for having it all, what you have is never enough-dd- Vicki Robin (Your Money Or Your Life) . While money can’t buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery-dd- Groucho Marx . Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Find something you love to do-dd- If you don’t make money at it, at least you love going to work-dd- Mark Cuban . If you weren’t happy yesterday you won’t be happy tomorrow-dd- It’s money-dd- It’s not happiness-dd- Mark Cuban . The more you stress over bills, the more difficult it is to focus on your goals-dd- The cheaper you can live, the greater your options Mark Cuban . Happiness starts with you-dd- Not with your relationships, not with your job, not with your money, but with you-dd- Unknown . If you want to feel rich, just count all the gifts you have that money can’t buy-dd- Unknown . You can only become truly accomplished at something you love-dd- Don’t make money your goal-dd- Instead, pursue the things you love doing, and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off you-dd- Maya Angelou . Money has never made man happy, nor will it, there is nothing in its nature to produce happiness-dd- The more of it one has the more one wants-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Making money isn’t the backbone of our guiding purpose; making money is the by-product of our guiding purpose-dd- If you’re doing something you love, you’re more likely to put your all into it, and that generally equates to making money-dd- Warren Buffett . You aren’t wealthy until you have something money can’t buy-dd- Garth Brooks . The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money-dd- Thomas Jefferson . I have always enjoyed a simple lifestyle-dd- I have very modest needs in terms of material comfort-dd- Li Ka Shing . I would like to do more meaningful deeds-dd- I don’t care how much money or how much energy it takes-dd- I have very simple needs-dd- With the blessings that I have received, I have no need for more wealth-dd- Li Ka Shing . Life’s value is lost when the pursuit of money becomes the goal as opposed to the pursuit of true happiness-dd- Steven Redhead . For me, the best things in life — meaningful work, meaningful relationships, interesting experiences, good food, sleep, music, ideas, sex, and other basic needs and pleasures — are not, past a certain point, materially improved upon by having a lot of money-dd- Ray Dalio . I can understand wanting to have millions of dollars, there’s a certain freedom, meaningful freedom, that comes with that-dd- But once you get much beyond that, I have to tell you, it’s the same hamburger-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . I’m not motivated by money or power or fame-dd- In the end, it doesn’t bring much happiness-dd- The only thing that is driving me is self-satisfaction, self-validation-dd- William Clay Ford, Jr-dd- . It’s easier to feel a little more spiritual with a couple of bucks in your pocket-dd- Craig Ferguson . Success isn’t measured by money or power or social rank-dd- Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace-dd- Mike Ditka . Financial peace isn’t the acquisition of stuff-dd- It’s learning to live on less than you make, so you can give money back and have money to invest-dd- You can’t win until you do this-dd- Dave Ramsey . The most beautiful things are not associated with money; they are memories and moments-dd- If you don’t celebrate those, they can pass you by-dd- Alek Wek . Money is human happiness in the abstract; he, then, who is no longer capable of enjoying human happiness in the concrete devotes himself utterly to money-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . I have no money, no resources, no hopes-dd- I am the happiest man alive-dd- Henry Miller . In a heart filled with gratitude, there is no room for discontentment-dd- Rachel Cruze . Possessions make you rich-qq- I don’t have that type of richness-dd- My richness is life, forever-dd- Bob Marley . Do what you love and the money will follow-dd- Marsha Sinetar . A man is rich in proportion to the things he can afford to let alone-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A good reputation is more valuable than money-dd- Publilius Syrus . Save one-third, live on one-third, and give away one-third-dd- Angelina Jolie . My principles are more important than the money or my title-dd- Muhammad Ali . Attitude is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than what people do or say-dd- It is more important than appearance, giftedness, or skill-dd- Charles R-dd- Swindoll . Winning at money is 80 percent behavior and 20 percent head knowledge-dd- What to do isn’t the problem; doing it is-dd- Most of us know what to do, but we just don’t do it-dd- If I can control the guy in the mirror, I can be skinny and rich-dd- Dave Ramsey . I pity that man who wants a coat so cheap that the man or woman who produces the cloth shall starve in the process-dd- Benjamin Harrison . Never go into business purely to make money-dd- If that’s the motive you’re better off doing nothing-dd- Richard Branson . I am not impressed by money, social status or job title-dd- I’m impressed by the way someone treats other human beings-dd- Unknown . There are some things that money can’t buy… like manners, morals and integrity-dd- Unknown . If you don’t have integrity, you have nothing-dd- You can’t buy it-dd- You can have all the money in the world, but if you are not a moral and ethical person, you really have nothing-dd- Henry Kravis . How you spend your money is how you vote on what exists in the world-dd- Vicki Robin (Your Money Or Your Life) . If you’re chasing money, you’ll always be lacking-dd- Chase purpose and money will chase you-dd- Tony Gaskins . Empty pockets never held anyone back-dd- Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Success is not just making money-dd- Success is happiness-dd- Success is fulfillment; it’s the ability to give-dd- Adam Neumann . Enthusiasm is the greatest asset you can possess, for it can take you further than money, power or influence-dd- Dada Vaswani . Never work just for money or for power-dd- They won’t save your soul or help you sleep at night-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . There are things that might bring in a lot of money but I wouldn’t do-dd- A person has to be able to look beyond money-dd- As long as we can keep our dignity, life becomes more meaningful-dd- Li Ka Shing . Understand that ethical wealth creation is possible-dd- If you secretly despise wealth, it will elude you-dd- Navel Ravikant . A man is usually more careful of his money than of his principles-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr . A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money-dd- John Ruskin . Don’t tell me what you value, show me your budget, and I’ll tell you what you value-dd- Joe Biden . Time is money-dd- Wasted time means wasted money means trouble-dd- Shirley Temple . Show me where a man spends his time and money, and I’ll show you his god-dd- Martin Luther . Time is more valuable than money-dd- You can get more money, but you cannot get more time-dd- Jim Rohn . Time is the coin of your life-dd- It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent-dd- Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you-dd- Carl Sandburg . Instead of buying stuff, buy time-dd- Spending money to save time boosts happiness-dd- Adam Grant . Waste your money and you’re only out of money, but waste your time and you’ve lost a part of your life-dd- Michael Leboeuf . Time well spent results in more money to spend, more money to save, and more time to vacation-dd- Zig Ziglar . Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it, and others do just the same with their time-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Time is money-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Be selective with who you invest your time-dd- Wasted time is worse than wasted money-dd- Unknown . To say that “time is money” is a grotesque undervaluation of time-dd- You can lose a fortune and make another one-dd- Lost time is irretrievable-dd- Do not trade time for trifles-dd- The Stoic Emperor . They say time is money, but that’s not true-dd- You can make your money back-dd- Steven Griffith . Time and money are mostly interchangeable-dd- Winston Churchill . Money is usually attracted, not pursued-dd- Jim Rohn . All that spirits desire, spirits attain-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Abundance is not something we acquire-dd- It is something we tune into-dd- Wayne W-dd- Dyer . What we really want to do is what we are really meant to do-dd- When we do what we are meant to do, money comes to us, doors open for us, we feel useful, and the work we do feels like play to us-dd- Julia Cameron . Both poverty and riches are the offspring of thought-dd- Napoleon Hill . You can attract only that which you mentally become and feel yourself to be in reality-dd- Ernest Holmes . The person who sends out positive thoughts activates the world around him positively and draws back to himself positive results-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Abundance is a mindset, not a dollar amount-dd- Cultivate gratitude for the things you have now and everything that is added will feel like a bonus-dd- Tony Robbins . Like the air you breathe, abundance in all things is available to you-dd- Your life will simply be as good as you allow it to be-dd- Abraham Hicks . See yourself living in abundance and you will attract it-dd- It always works, it works every time with every person-dd- Bob Proctor . Acknowledging the good that you already have in your life is the foundation for all abundance-dd- Eckhart Tolle . The Law of Attraction states that whatever you focus on, think about, read about, and talk about intensely, you’re going to attract more of into your life-dd- Jack Canfield . Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you; for everyone who asks, receives-dd- The Bible . If you are feeling a shortage of time or money, your best effort would be to focus upon better-feeling thoughts, and do more things that make you feel good-dd- Abraham Hicks . Everybody is like a magnet-dd- You attract to yourself reflections of that which you are-dd- David R-dd- Hawkins . You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you-dd- James Allen . Whatever your mind can conceive and believe it can achieve-dd- Napoleon Hill (Think and Grow Rich) . The starting point of all achievement is desire-dd- Keep this constantly in mind-dd- Weak desire brings weak results, just as a small fire makes a small amount of heat-dd- Napoleon Hill . To bring anything into your life, imagine that it’s already there-dd- Richard Bach . What you focus on you create more of-dd- Jen Sincero (You Are a Badass at Making Money) . The daily practice of gratitude is one of the conduits by which your wealth will come to you-dd- Rhonda Byrne (The Secret) . Life isn’t happening to you; life is responding to you-dd- Rhonda Byrne . A simple “I love you” means more than money-dd- Frank Sinatra . He who marries for love without money has good nights and sorry days-dd- Unknown . Love is the most expensive gift-dd- Make sure you don’t give it to someone that’s cheap-dd- Unknown . Love of money is the disease which makes men most groveling and pitiful-dd- Cassius Longinus . Love is worth so much more than money-dd- There are so many people who are filthy rich, but have nobody to genuinely love them-dd- Unconditional love is priceless-dd- Suzy Kassem . You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving-dd- Amy Carmichael . Work like you don’t need the money-dd- Love like you’ve never been hurt-dd- Dance like nobody’s watching-dd- Satchel Paige . Money is like love; it kills slowly and painfully the one who withholds it, and enlivens the other who turns it on his fellow man-dd- Kahlil Gibran . A true lover always feels in debt to the one he loves-dd- Ralph W-dd- Sockman . Love is like money… hard to find easy to lose-dd- Ally Mbululo . A man in love is like a clipped coupon — it’s time to cash in-dd- Mae West . Love conquers all things except poverty and toothache-dd- Mae West . Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Money and women-dd- They’re two of the strongest things in the world-dd- The things you do for a woman you wouldn’t do for anything else-dd- Same with money-dd- Satchel Paige . The first time you marry for love, the second for money, and the third for companionship-dd- Jackie Kennedy . You’d be surprised what people will do for money that they wouldn’t do for love-dd- Rachel Caine . I can live without money, but I cannot live without love-dd- Judy Garland . Love is like money… hard to find easy to lose-dd- Ally Mbululo . Friends and good manners will carry you where money won’t go-dd- Margaret Walker . Money doesn’t make people happy-dd- People make people happy-dd- Steve Wynn . Where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody-dd- Agatha Christie . Money and success don’t change people; they merely amplify what is already there-dd- Will Smith . Money can’t buy friends, but you can get a better class of enemy-dd- Spike Milligan . Making money is a happiness-dd- And that’s a great incentive-dd- Making other people happy is a super-happiness-dd- Muhammad Yunus . He who loses money, loses much; He who loses a friend, loses much more; He who loses faith, loses all-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Everyone wants to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down-dd- Oprah Winfrey . I think of my business and investments as extension of my family-dd- Barbara Corcoran (Shark Tank) . It doesn’t take money to turn off the television and cultivate real bonding time-dd- Marianne Williamson . The greatest legacy one can pass on to one’s children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one’s life, but rather a legacy of character and faith-dd- Billy Graham . The holy passion of friendship is so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring in nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money-dd- Mark Twain . The rule is not to talk about money with people who have much more or much less than you-dd- Katherine Whitehorn . I believe in giving my kids enough so they can do anything, but not so much that they can do nothing-dd- Warren Buffett . How much would you sell a good relationship for-qq- There’s not enough money in the world to get you to part with a valued relationship-dd- Ray Dalio . Remember that in great partnerships, consideration and generosity are more important than money-dd- Ray Dalio . Friendship is like money, easier made than kept-dd- Samuel Butler . Teaching kids about money is never just about money-dd- Dave Ramsey . An investment in knowledge pays the best interest-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Rich people constantly learn and grow-dd- Poor people think they already know-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker (Secrets of the Millionaire Mind) . A child must be taught early that money is only a means, a type of usefulness, an implement-dd- Like all instruments, it has certain purposes, but it will not do everything-dd- One must learn how to use it, what it will do, but above all what it will not do-dd- Bruce Lee . Schools teach you how to work for money, but don’t teach how to make money work for you-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Don’t be addicted to money-dd- Work to learn-dd- don’t work for money-dd- Work for knowledge-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . We have an obligation and a responsibility to be investing in our students and our schools-dd- We must make sure that people who have the grades, the desire and the will, but not the money, can still get the best education possible-dd- Barack Obama . Don’t be impressed by money, followers, degrees and titles-dd- Be impressed by kindness, integrity, humility and generosity-dd- Unknown . The habit of saving is itself an education; it fosters every virtue, teaches self-denial, cultivates the sense of order, trains to forethought, and so broadens the mind-dd- T-dd-T-dd- Munger . Be a lifelong student-dd- The more you learn, the more you earn and the more self-confidence you will have-dd- Brian Tracy . What is important when you are young is to train yourself to get by with little money and make the most of your youthful energy-dd- Robert Greene . Any titles, money, or privilege you inherit are actually hindrances-dd- They delude you into believing you are owed respect-dd- Robert Greene . Value learning over money-dd- Robert Greene . There is no amount of money, time or energy too great to spend on our children-dd- They are our angels, our future-dd- In failing them, we are failing ourselves-dd- Marianne Williamson . Study the biographies of those who have built great fortunes, and you will learn that money came to them after they had produced or discovered something-dd- William J-dd- Reilly . True happiness lies in the pursuit of your goal, achievement in your chosen field-dd- This must always remain primary-dd- Whenever money becomes primary, you are on treacherous ground-dd- William J-dd- Reilly . Those who keep learning, will keep rising in life-dd- Charlie Munger . You are your greatest asset-dd- Put your time, effort and money into training, grooming, and encouraging your greatest asset-dd- Tom Hopkins . If you want your income to grow, you too must grow-dd- Idowu Koyenikan . My parents raised me and my six siblings with little money… but lots of love-dd- Hilda Solis . The most beautiful things are not associated with money; they are memories and moments-dd- If you don’t celebrate those, they can pass you by-dd- Alek Wek . The easiest way for your children to learn about money is for you not to have any-dd- Katharine Whitehorn . That man who seeks to learn more of his craft shall be richly rewarded-dd- George S-dd- Clason (The Richest Man In Babylon) . If you’re not failing, you’re not pushing your limits, and if you’re not pushing your limits, you’re not maximizing your potential-dd- Ray Dalio (Principles) . You are your greatest asset-dd- Put your time, effort and money into training, grooming, and encouraging your greatest asset-dd- Tom Hopkins . Don’t think money does everything or you are going to end up doing everything for money-dd- Voltaire . Making money is not a thing that you do – it’s a skill that you learn-dd- Naval Ravikant . What you do, and how you do it, is so much more important than how hard you do it-dd- Naval Ravikant . If you’re good at something, never do it for free-dd- Jonathan Nolan . The way to become rich is to make money, not to save it-dd- Kate Chopin . Wealth is more often the result of a lifestyle of hard work, perseverance, planning, and, most of all, self-discipline-dd- Thomas J-dd- Stanley (The Millionaire Next Door) . Wealth after all is a relative thing since he that has little and wants less is richer than he that has much and wants more-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Wealth may be an excellent thing, for it means power, and it means leisure, it means liberty-dd- James Russell Lowell . The companies that are successful, they start out to make meaning, not to make money-dd- Guy Kawasaki . Success comes to those who dedicate everything to their passion in life-dd- To be successful, it is also very important to be humble and never let fame or money travel to your head-dd- A-dd- R-dd- Rahman . Making money is no fun-dd- Contributing to and changing the world is a lot more fun-dd- Muhammad Yunus . Profit or perish… There are only two ways to make money: increase sales and decrease costs-dd- Fred DeLuca . If money is your hope for independence you will never have it-dd- The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience, and ability-dd- Henry Ford . Don’t tell me where your priorities are-dd- Show me where you spend your money and I’ll tell you what they are-dd- James W-dd- Frick . Making money isn’t hard in itself… What’s hard is to earn it doing something worth devoting one’s life to-dd- Carlos Ruiz Zafón . Chase the vision, not the money-dd- The money will end up following you-dd- Tony Hsieh (Zappos) . Money is a guarantee that we may have what we want in the future-dd- Though we need nothing at the moment it insures the possibility of satisfying a new desire when it arises-dd- Aristotle . Money is like manure; it’s not worth a thing unless it’s spread around encouraging young things to grow-dd- Thornton Wilder . I like to take risks-dd- That’s how I make money-dd- But they are calculated risks-dd- Kevin O’Leary (Shark Tank) . You get rich connecting with opportunities that can produce and multiply money-dd- You don’t get rich saving money… Missing opportunities is what costs people money-dd- Grant Cardone . Wealth is the ability to fully experience life-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Look at what caused people to make a lot of money and you will see that usually it is in proportion to their production of what the society wanted-dd- Ray Dalio . There is an excellent correlation between giving society what it wants and making money, and almost no correlation between the desire to make money and how much money one makes-dd- Ray Dalio . Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants-dd- Epictetus . A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business-dd- Henry Ford . In fact, the confidence of the people is worth more than money-dd- Carter G-dd- Woodson . Perfection is the enemy of profitability-dd- Mark Cuban (Shark Tank) . Don’t start a company unless it’s an obsession and something you love-dd- If you have an exit strategy, it’s not an obsession-dd- Mark Cuban . It’s not about money or connections-dd- It’s the willingness to outwork and outlearn everyone-dd- Mark Cuban . The man who does more than he is paid for will soon be paid for more than he does-dd- Napoleon Hill . We should be focusing on building the things that don’t exist-dd- Larry Page (Google) . There’s no such thing as a free lunch-dd- Milton Friedman . Put the customers first, the employees second, and the shareholders third-dd- Jack Ma (Alibaba) . What I love doing is creating things I can be proud of, and if you create things that you can be proud of, the byproduct of that can be that you become a millionaire or you become a billionaire, because people like what you’ve created-dd- Richard Branson (Virgin) . We’re never in lack of money-dd- We lack people with dreams, (people) who can die for those dreams-dd- Jack Ma . You will get rich by giving society what it wants but does not yet know how to get-dd- At scale-dd- Naval Ravikant (Check out this amazing Twitter Storm by Naval) . People don’t care about your business they care about their problems… so be the solution they need-dd- Unknown . Start with the customer and work backwards-dd- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . I think frugality drives innovation, just like other constraints do-dd- Jeff Bezos . Pay people enough so that they’re not thinking about money and they’re thinking about the work-dd- Once you do that, it turns out there are three factors that the science shows lead to better performance, not to mention personal satisfaction: autonomy, mastery, and purpose-dd- Dan Pink (Drive) . Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art-dd- Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art-dd- Andy Warhol . Don’t start a business-dd- Find a problem-dd- Solve a problem-dd- The business comes second-dd- Robert Herjavec (Shark Tank) . Every sale has five basic obstacles: no need, no money, no hurry, no desire, no trust-dd- Zig Ziglar . If you make a really good product that people want and are willing to pay for, money will come-dd- Forrest Mars, Jr-dd- . Money is just a consequence-dd- I always say to my team, ‘Don’t worry too much about profitability-dd- If you do your job well, the profitability will come’-dd- Bernard Arnault . To do meaningful work is to contribute – to create value in society-dd- Charles Koch . Money is not a goal-dd- The goal is to make companies grow, develop, be competitive, be in different areas, be efficient to have a great human team inside the company-dd- Carlos Slim Helu . If you do everything that everyone else does in business, you’re going to lose-dd- The only way to really be ahead, is to ‘be different’-dd- Larry Ellison (Oracle) . Being an entrepreneur isn’t really about starting a business-dd- It’s a way of looking at the world: seeing opportunity where others see obstacles, taking risks when others take refuge-dd- Michael Bloomberg . A good reputation for yourself and your company is an invaluable asset not reflected in the balance sheets-dd- Li Ka Shing . Reputation is the key to success-dd- You have to be loyal to your customers-dd- Li Ka Shing . America owes 80% of it’s economic growth today to new inventions-dd- Li Ka Shing . Learn to sell-dd- Learn to build-dd- If you can do both, you will be unstoppable-dd- Naval Ravikant . Risk comes from not knowing what you are doing-dd- Warren Buffett . Never depend on single income-dd- Make investment to create a second source-dd- Warren Buffett . The Stock Market is designed to transfer money from the active to the patient-dd- Warren Buffett . Only buy something that you’d be perfectly happy to hold if the market shut down for ten years-dd- Warren Buffett . If you aren’t willing to own a stock for ten years, don’t even think about owning it for ten minutes-dd- Warren Buffett . You’re not going to get rich renting out your time-dd- You must own equity – a piece of a business – to gain your financial freedom-dd- Naval Ravikant . The reason you want wealth is because it buys you freedom-dd- Naval Ravikant . Never spend your money before you have earned it-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Money demands that you sell, not your weakness to men’s stupidity, but your talent to their reason-dd- Ayn Rand . The way to make money in the stock market is to buy a stock-dd- Then, when it goes up, sell it-dd- If it’s not going to go up, don’t buy it-xx- Will Rogers . The art is not in making money, but in keeping it-dd- Proverb . Invest a few moments in thinking-dd- It will pay good interest-dd- Unknown . If investing is entertaining, if you’re having fun, you’re probably not making any money-dd- Good investing is boring-dd- George Soros . Investing isn’t about beating others at their game-dd- It’s about controlling yourself at your own game-dd- Benjamin Graham (The Intelligent Investor) . I’m only rich because I know when I’m wrong…I basically have survived by recognizing my mistakes-dd- George Soros . A penny saved is a penny earned-dd- Benjamin Franklin . The person who doesn’t know where his next dollar is coming from usually doesn’t know where his last dollar went-dd- Unknown . To make money in the markets, you have to think independently and be humble-dd- Ray Dalio . A good investor in this new world knows to always expect the unexpected-dd- Jim Cramer . A simple fact that is hard to learn is that the time to save money is when you have some-dd- Joe Moore . The circulation of confidence is better than the circulation of money-dd- James Madison . Put all good eggs in one basket and then watch that basket-dd- Andrew Carnegie . If you would become wealthy, then what you save must earn, and its children must earn, that all may help to give to you the abundance you crave-dd- George S-dd- Clason (The Richest Man in Babylon) . I will tell you how to become rich-dd- Close the doors-dd- Be fearful when others are greedy-dd- Be greedy when others are fearful-dd- Warren Buffett . In investing, what is comfortable is rarely profitable-dd- Robert Arnott . Money speaks only one language: “If you save me today, I will save you tomorrow”-dd- Unknown . If you would be wealthy, think of saving as well as getting-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Try to save something while your salary is small; it’s impossible to save after you begin to earn more-dd- Jack Benny . Don’t think in terms of taking huge risks to get rewards-dd- Think about the least amount of risk for the greatest reward, and be extremely disciplined in that-dd- Tony Robbins . To get rich, you have to be making money while you’re asleep-dd- David Bailey . Whatever your income, always live below your means-dd- Thomas J-dd- Stanley (The Millionaire Next Door) . Know what you own, and know why you own it-dd- Peter Lynch . He who promises runs in debt-dd- The Talmud . Every time you borrow money, you’re robbing your future self-dd- Nathan W-dd- Morris . You will either tell your money what to do, or the lack of it will always manage you-dd- Dave Ramsey . Who goeth a borrowing-dd- Goeth a sorrowing-dd- Thomas Tusser . Debt is the worst poverty-dd- Thomas Fuller . Borrowing is the mother of trouble-dd- Hebrew proverb . Live within your means, never be in debt, and by husbanding your money you can always lay it out well-dd- Andrew Jackson . If you would know the value of money, go and try to borrow some-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Rather go to bed supperless, than rise in debt-dd- Benjamin Franklin . The second vice is lying, the first is running in debt-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Creditors have better memories than debtors-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Don’t let your mouth write no check that your tail can’t cash-dd- Bo Diddley . When a man is in love or in debt, someone else has the advantage-dd- Bill Balance . Debt, n-dd- An ingenious substitute for the chain and whip of the slavedriver-dd- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil’s Dictionary) . Promises make debts, and debts make promises, but promises never pay debts… Charles H-dd- Spurgeon (Plain Advice for Plain People) . Always borrow money from a pessimist, he doesn’t expect to be paid back-dd- Unknown . The only man who sticks closer to you in adversity than a friend is a creditor-dd- Unknown . Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need most-dd- American proverb . You willed yourself to where you are today, so will yourself out of it-dd- Stephen Richards . Lack of money is the root of all evil-dd- George Bernard Shaw . If you start out to solely make money, you will attract the wrong kind of employees-dd- Guy Kawasaki . Money is power, freedom, a cushion, the root of all evil, the sum of blessings-dd- Carl Sandburg . Wealth is like sea-water; the more we drink, the thirstier we become; and the same is true of fame-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Defining success as money and power is like sitting on a two-legged stool-dd- Arianna Huffington . Greed is not a financial issue-dd- It’s a heart issue-dd- Andy Stanley . Money is like oxygen: you need it to breathe, but it can also suffocate you-dd- Jack Dorsey (Twitter) . It is not the creation of wealth that is wrong, but the love of money for its own sake-dd- Margaret Thatcher . You must gain control over your money or the lack of it will forever control you-dd- Dave Ramsey . If you worship money and things – if they are where you tap real meaning in life – then you will never have enough-dd- David Foster Wallace (This Is Water) . Money poisons you when you’ve got it, and starves you when you haven’t-dd- D-dd-H-dd- Lawrence . Money is the wealthy man’s curtain which hides all his defects from the world-dd- Unknown . Prestige is the shadow of money and power-dd- C-dd- Wright Mills . Many have jeopardized their own pursuit of wealth or financial independence for the allusion of looking wealthy instead of being wealthy-dd- Andrew Hallam (Millionaire Teacher) . Within certain limits, it is actually true that the less money you have, the less you worry-dd- George Orwell . Money without brains is always dangerous-dd- Napoleon Hill . The man who damns money has obtained it dishonorably; the man who respects it has earned it-dd- Ayn Rand . Every job from the heart is, ultimately, of equal value-dd- The nurse injects the syringe; the writer slides the pen; the farmer plows the dirt; the comedian draws the laughter-dd- Monetary income is the perfect deceiver of a man’s true worth-dd- Criss Jami . If you say that getting the money is the most important thing, you’ll spend your life completely wasting your time-dd- You’ll be doing things you don’t like doing in order to go on living, that is to go on doing thing you don’t like doing, which is stupid-dd- Alan Watts . It is not the creation of wealth that is wrong, but the love of money for its own sake-dd- Margaret Thatcher . Empty pockets never held anyone back-dd- Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . They who are of the opinion that money will do everything, may very well be suspected to do everything for money-dd- George Saville . Money and corruption are ruining the land, crooked politicians betray the working man, pocketing the profits and treating us like sheep, and we’re tired of hearing promises that we know they’ll never keep-dd- Ray Davies . If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free-dd- If our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed-dd- Edmund Burke . If you want to know what a man is really like, take notice of how he acts when he loses money-dd- Simone Weil . There are no get rich quick schemes-dd- That’s just someone else getting rich off you-dd- Naval Ravikant . Make money your god, and it will plague you like the devil-dd- Henry Fielding . No one has ever become poor by giving-dd- Anne Frank . Your dream is to feel good; God’s dream is for you to do good-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . The test of a civilization is in the way that it cares for its helpless members-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . True charity is the desire to be useful to others with no thought of recompense-dd- Emanuel Swedenborg . The life of a man consists not in seeing visions and in dreaming dreams, but in active charity and in willing service-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . Is the rich world aware of how four billion of the six billion live-qq- If we were aware, we would want to help out, we’d want to get involved-dd- Bill Gates . Philanthropy is not about the money-dd- It’s about using whatever resources you have at your fingertips and applying them to improving the world-dd- Melinda Gates . The truth of the matter is: you can create a great legacy, and inspire others, by giving it to philanthropic organizations-dd- Michael Bloomberg . The charity that is a trifle to us can be precious to others-dd- Homer . To be doing good deeds is man’s most glorious task-dd- Sophocles . I’m going to give away a lot more than half my money-dd- I’d be happy to give that to the government if the government put together programs that were like I’m giving away to charity, in which I believe the money is effectively used to help people-dd- Ray Dalio . Every man must decide whether he will walk in the creative light of altruism or the darkness of destructive selfishness-dd- This is the judgement-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received-dd- It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters-dd- Amit Ray . The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Philanthropy is not about money, it’s about feeling the pain of others and caring enough about their needs to help-dd- Timothy Pina . Simple, genuine goodness is the best capital to found the business of this life upon-dd- It lasts when fame and money fail, and is the only riches we can take out of this world with us-dd- Louisa May Alcott . Every charitable act is a stepping stone towards heaven-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . My goal wasn’t to make a ton of money-dd- It was to build good computers-dd- Steve Wozniak (Apple) . Ridiculous yachts and private planes and big limousines won’t make people enjoy life more, and it sends out terrible messages to the people who work for them-dd- It would be so much better if that money was spent in Africa – and it’s about getting a balance-dd- Richard Branson . As I started getting rich, I started thinking, “what the hell am I going to do with all this money-qq-”-dd- You have to learn to give-dd- Ted Turner (CNN) . How wonderful it is that nobody needs to wait a single moment before starting to improve the world-dd- Anne Frank . I would rather have it said, “He lived usefully”, than, “He died rich”-dd- Benjamin Franklin . No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another-dd- Charles Dickens . You reach a point where you don’t work for money-dd- Walt Disney . Philanthropy is about solving problems-dd- Naveen Jain . Wealth is not to feed our egos, but to feed the hungry and to help people help themselves-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Giving is about more than donating money-dd- It’s about sharing your capabilities, content, and connections—and above all, giving others the chance to be heard, respected, and valued-dd- Adam Grant . Making money and doing good in the world are not mutually exclusive-dd- Arianna Huffington . The acquisition of wealth is no longer the driving force in our lives-dd- We work to better ourselves and the rest of humanity-dd- Captain Jean-Luc Picard (Star Trek) . The world is more malleable than you think and it’s waiting for you to hammer it into shape-dd- Bono . Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world-dd- Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has-dd- Eli Broad . Go into the world and do well-dd- But more importantly, go into the world and do good-dd- Minor Myers Jr . As the purse is emptied, the heart is filled-dd- Victor Hugo . I just sit in my office and read all day-dd- Warren Buffett . I never took a day off in my twenties-dd- Not one-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . Be nice to nerds-dd- Chances are you’ll end up working for one-dd- Bill Gates . It’s okay to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla) . Starting and growing a business is as much about the innovation, drive and determination of the people who do it as it is about the product they sell-dd- Elon Musk . There is no better catalyst to success than curiosity-dd- Michael Dell . I started Dell with $1000 dollars-dd- Now it’s a billion dollar company-dd- Impossible is nothing-dd- Michael Dell . What should exist-qq- To me, that’s the most exciting question imaginable-dd- What do we need that we don’t have-qq- How can we realise our potential-qq- Paul Allen (Microsoft) . Dream audaciously-dd- Have the courage to fail forward-dd- Act with urgency-dd- Phil Knight (Nike) . The trouble in America is not that we are making too many mistakes, but that we are making too few-dd- Phil Knight . I can’t comment on what having a lot of money means to others, but I do know that for me, having a lot more money isn’t a lot better than having enough to cover the basics-dd- Ray Dalio (Bridgewater) . The only way you are going to have success is to have lots of failures first-dd- Sergey Brin (Google) . You can make money without doing evil-dd- Sergey Brin . If we were motivated by money, we would have sold the company a long time ago and ended up on a beach-dd- Larry Page (Google) . Have a healthy disregard for the impossible-dd- Larry Page . We want to create beautiful, intuitive services and technologies that are so incredibly useful that people use them twice a day-dd- Like they use a toothbrush-dd- There aren’t that many things people use twice a day-dd- Larry Page . Today, making money is very simple-dd- But making sustainable money while being responsible to the society and improving the world is very difficult-dd- Jack Ma (Alibaba) . I don’t care about revenues-dd- Jack Ma . Some people dream of success, while others wake up and work hard at it-dd- Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook) . I mean, the real story is actually pretty boring, right-qq- I mean, we just sat at our computers for six years and coded-dd- Mark Zuckerberg . When something has to be done, do it-dd- In France, we are full of good ideas, but we rarely put them into practice-dd- Bernard Arnault (LVMH) . I learned from my dad that change and experimentation are constants and important-dd- You have to keep trying new things-dd- S-dd- Robson Walton (Walmart) . One day, I had asked my mother for a pair of sneakers-dd- And the look on her face that she couldn’t afford it – it just made me realize that I needed to step up as a man-dd- Sean Combs (P-dd- Diddy) . Change your language and you change your thoughts-dd- Karl Albrecht (Aldi) . I believe people have to follow their dreams — I did-dd- Larry Ellison (Oracle) . Whatever money is, it’s just a method of keeping score now-dd- I mean, I certainly don’t need more money-dd- Larry Ellison . People were working eight hours a day, but I worked sixteen hours… It was really full, non-stop work-dd- Li Ka Shing (Hong Kong investor and philanthropist) . Invest now, before it’s too late-dd- The train is about to leave the station-dd- Aliko Dangote (Dangote Group, Nigeria) . Everything I’ve done I’ve copied from somebody else-dd- Sam Walton (Walmart) . High expectations are the key to everything-dd- Sam Walton . What would you do if you weren’t afraid-dd- Sheryl Sandberg (Facebook) . It is the ultimate luxury to combine passion and contribution-dd- It’s also a very clear path to happiness-dd- Sheryl Sandberg . Done is better than perfect-dd- Sheryl Sandberg . A sustainable world means working together to create prosperity for all-dd- Jacqueline Mars (American candy company Mars) . We are each other’s destiny-dd- Jacqueline Mars (American candy company Mars) . My relationship with money is that it’s a tool to be self-sufficient, but it’s not something that is a part of who I am-dd- Laurene Powell Jobs (widow and heir of Steve Jobs) . To do what you wanna do, to leave a mark – in a way that you think is important and lasting – that’s a life well-lived-dd- Laurene Powell Jobs . Become one of those people who work hard, invest and build, and at the same time create employment and opportunities for others-dd- Gina Rinehart (Hancock Prospecting) . There is no monopoly on becoming a millionaire-dd- If you’re jealous of those with more money, don’t just sit there and complain – do something to make more money yourself-dd- Gina Rinehart . Every day, you have to get up with new energy and new ideas to contribute to pushing the organization forward-dd- Abigail Johnson (Fidelity Investments) . Independent thinking is one of the things most valued in an investment professional-dd- Abigail Johnson . Whether it’s salary or a promotion or a job, I think it’s important for women to ask for what they think they deserve-dd- Susan Wojcicki (Youtube) . Things are always changing-dd- Part of being successful here is being comfortable with not knowing what’s going to happen-dd- Susan Wojcicki . If you do every job like you’re going to do it for the rest of your life, that’s when you get noticed-dd- Mary Barra (GM) . My definition of innovative is providing value to the customer-dd- Mary Barra . I learned to always take on things I’d never done before-dd- Growth and comfort do not coexist-dd- Ginni Rometty (IBM) . Your value will be not what you know; it will be what you share-dd- Ginni Rometty . Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, as long as you can-dd- Hillary Clinton . I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies and had teas-dd- Hillary Clinton . I say always follow your passion, no matter what, because even if it’s not the same financial success, it’ll lead you to the money that’ll make you the happiest-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . A lot of money with the wrong career is not going to make you happy-dd- If you have money without happiness, it doesn’t mean anything-dd- It’s all about happiness-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . I wanted to have money; I wanted to be special; I wanted people to like me; I wanted to be famous-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . I truly believe that women should be financially independent from their men-dd- And let’s face it, money gives men the power to run the show-dd- Beyoncé Knowles . I don’t flaunt my money-dd- I like to stay at nice hotels but I’m not a flashy chick-dd- I haven’t got much jewellery or anything-dd- Beyoncé Knowles . The reason I’ve been able to be so financially successful is my focus has never, ever for one minute been money-dd- Oprah Winfrey . I hope the way you spend your money is in line with the truth of who you are and what you care about-dd- I hope that your money brings joy to you and the ones you love-dd- And I hope you use it as a powerful force for good to fulfill your best intentions-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more-dd- If you concentrate on what you don’t have, you will never, ever have enough-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Do what you love and success will follow-dd- Passion is the fuel behind a successful career-dd- Meg Whitman (Hewlett Packard) . ‘Perfect’ is the enemy of ‘good enough’-dd- Meg Whitman . The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of a mistake-dd- Meg Whitman . Barack and I were both raised by families who didn’t have much in the way of money or material possessions but who had given us something far more valuable – their unconditional love, their unflinching sacrifice, and the chance to go places they had never imagined for themselves-dd- Michelle Obama . If your family doesn’t have much money, I want you to remember that in this country, plenty of folks, including me and my husband, we started out with very little-dd- Michelle Obama . Success isn’t about how much money you make, it’s about the difference you make in people’s lives-dd- Michelle Obama . Find people who will make you better-dd- Michelle Obama . Money flows into my life from all directions-dd- . I am wealthy-dd- . I am a magnet for money-dd- Prosperity is drawn to me-dd- . Money comes to me easily and effortlessly-dd- . Money is the root of joy and comfort-dd- . I am the master of my wealth-dd- . My life is full of abundance-dd- . I deserve to have abundance and prosperity-dd- . I always think positively about money and wealth-dd- . I am open to receive wealth in many ways-dd- . Money comes to me in miraculous ways-dd- . The more I contribute for others-dd- The more money I make-dd- . Money now comes to me from unexpected sources-dd- . I am deserving of abundance in my life-dd- . Attracting money is easy-dd- . Life is abundant and I am safe-dd- . Every day in every way, I receive more and more money-dd- . An avalanche of money is coming my way-dd- . I can easily imagine myself having limitless abundance-dd- . Money will be flowing into my life-dd- . I am worthy of a wealthy life-dd- . I am grateful for what I already have and for all that I receive now-dd- . Ultimately, there’s one investment that supersedes all others: Invest in yourself-dd- Warren Buffett . The less I needed, the better I felt-dd- Charles Bukowski . Less stuff equals more freedom-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If buying stuff hasn’t made you happy, maybe getting rid of it will-dd- Joshua Becker . Simplicity boils down to two steps: Identify the essential-dd- Eliminate the rest-dd- Leo Babauta . He who is contented is rich-dd- Lao Tzu . I will not say yes when my heart says no-dd- Courtney Carver . Receive without conceit, release without struggle-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The greatest wealth is a poverty of desires-dd- Seneca . A man is rich in proportion to the number of things he can afford to let alone-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook-dd- William James . Saying no is more important than saying yes-dd- Shane Parrish . He is not rich, that enjoyeth not his own goods-dd- Pythagoras . Every increased possession loads us with new weariness-dd- John Ruskin . Let’s stop telling each other how busy we are-dd- Unknown . The more you have, the more you are occupied-dd- The less you have, the more free you are-dd- Mother Teresa . The more simple we are, the more complete we become-dd- August Rodin . A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin; what else does a man need to be happy-qq- Albert Einstein . Men are not great or small because of their material possessions-dd- They are great or small because of what they are-dd- James Cash Penney . My greatest skill has been to want little-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Getting rid of everything that doesn’t matter allows you to remember who you are-dd- Simplicity doesn’t change who you are, it brings you back to who you are-dd- Courtney Carver . Nothing is more simple than greatness; indeed, to be simple is to be great-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Too many people spend money they haven’t earned to buy things they don’t want to impress people they don’t like-dd- Will Rogers . Slow down-dd- Do less-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Things that matter most must never be at the mercy of things that matter least-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . There is no greatness where there is not simplicity, goodness, and truth-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone-dd- The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of non-essentials-dd- Lin Yutang . Eliminate physical clutter-dd- More importantly, eliminate spiritual clutter-dd- D-dd-H-dd- Mondfleur . Small needs lead to a large life-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Make room for things that matter by removing everything that doesn’t-dd- Brian Gardner . To be richer, happier, and freer, all you need to do is want less-dd- Francine Jay . It is vain to do with more what can be done with less-dd- William Of Occam . Eat, drink and love… the rest is not worth a nickel-dd- Lord Byron . Why should we pay so much attention to what the majority thinks-qq- Socrates . How many things are there which I do not want-dd- Socrates . Best things in life aren’t things-dd- Mike Ness . Order your soul-dd- Reduce your wants-dd- Augustine of Hippo (This is one of my favorite simplicity quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Simplicity is a state of mind-dd- Charles Wagner . Simplicity is the end result of long, hard work, not the starting point-dd- Frederick Maitland . Simplicity is the trademark of genius-dd- Sravani Saha Nakhro . Simplicity is making the journey of this life with just baggage enough-dd- Charles Warner . Simplicity is the most difficult thing to secure in this world; it is the last limit of experience and the last effort of genius-dd- George Sand . Simplicity is the nature of great souls-dd- Papa Ramadas . Simplicity is the peak of civilization-dd- Jessie Sampter . Our life is frittered away by detail-dd- Simplify, simplify-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Beware the barrenness of a busy life-dd- Socrates . Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated-dd- Confucius . Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished-dd- Lao Tzu . Manifest plainness, embrace simplicity, reduce selfishness, have few desires-dd- Lao Tzu . Nature is pleased with simplicity-dd- And nature is no dummy-dd- Isaac Newton . To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as one’s own in the midst of abundance-dd- Buddha . Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent-dd- It takes a touch of genius — and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction-dd- Ernst F-dd- Schumacher . That’s been one of my mantras – focus and simplicity-dd- Simple can be harder than complex: You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple-dd- But it’s worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains-dd- Steve Jobs . All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope-dd- Winston Churchill . To be content, look backward on those who possess less than yourself, not forward on those who possess more-dd- If this does not make you content, you don’t deserve to be happy-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Let your affairs be as two or three, and not a hundred or a thousand instead of a million count half a dozen, and keep your accounts on your thumb-nail-dd- Henry David Thoreau . As you simplify your life, the laws of the universe will be simpler; solitude will not be solitude, poverty will not be poverty, nor weakness weakness-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler-dd- Albert Einstein . If you can’t explain it to a six year old, you don’t understand it yourself-dd- Albert Einstein . If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more-dd- If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough-dd- Oprah Winfrey . There seems to be some perverse human characteristic that likes to make easy things difficult-dd- Warren Buffett . It is not daily increase but daily decrease, hack away the unessential-dd- The closer to the source, the less wastage there is-dd- Bruce Lee . Simple can be harder than complex-dd- You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple-dd- Steve Jobs . Complexity is your enemy-dd- Any fool can make something complicated-dd- It is hard to make something simple-dd- Richard Branson . Don’t confuse having a career with having a life-dd- Hillary Clinton . One should use common words to say uncommon things-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple-dd- Jack Kerouac . The greatest wealth is to live content with little-dd- Plato . Smile, breathe and go slowly-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . The expression of truth is simplicity-dd- Seneca . The greatest ideas are the simplest-dd- William Golding . The things you own end up owning you-dd- Joshua Fields Millburn . Squint at the world-dd- You will see more, by seeing less-dd- John Maeda (The Laws Of Simplicity) . The simplest things are often the truest-dd- Richard Bach . I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion-dd- These three are your greatest treasures-dd- Lao Tzu . Simplify, then add lightness-dd- Colin Chapman . If you’re not saying “HELL YEAH-xx-” about it, say “no-dd-” Derek Sivers (Hell yeah-xx- Youtube video) . Simplicity is the keynote of all true elegance-dd- Coco Chanel . If it isn’t a clear yes, then it’s a clear no-dd- Greg McKeown . Simplicity is the essence of happiness-dd- Cedric Bledsoe . The most complicated skill is to be simple-dd- Dejan Stojanovic . The greatest truths are the simplest: so likewise are the greatest men-dd- Augustus William Hare . Simplicity is the friend of execution-dd- Sesan Kareem . Don’t rush-dd- Go slowly-dd- Be present-dd- Leo Babauta . Owning less is great-dd- Wanting less is better-dd- Joshua Becker . You don’t need more space, you need less stuff-dd- Joshua Becker . Addition by subtraction-dd- Joshua Fields Millburn (The Minimalists) . Give all you can give and take only what you need-dd- The Minimalists . A place for everything, and everything in its place-dd- Francine Jay (Miss Minimalist) . Discern the vital few from the trivial many-dd- Greg McKeown . Own less-dd- Do less-dd- Declutter-dd- Simplify-dd- Unknown . If it doesn’t matter, get rid of it-dd- Unknown . My philosophy-qq- Simplicity plus variety-dd- Hank Stram . Poverty is my pride-dd- Muhammed . Sell your possessions and give to the poor-dd- Jesus Christ . Live simply that others might simply live-dd- Elizabeth Ann Seton . The height of sophistication is simplicity-dd- Clare Boothe Luce . It is better to be good than to be original-dd- Ludwig Mies van der Rohe . In simplicity there is truth-dd- River Phoenix . Simplicity is the glory of expression-dd- Walt Whitman . It takes a long time to learn how to do something simple-dd- Marty Rubin . Complexity creates confusion, simplicity focus-dd- Edward de Bono . Or, rather, let us be more simple and less vain-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . He is the richest who is content with the least-dd- Socrates . I love to go and see all the things I am happy without-dd- Socrates . Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things-dd- Robert Brault . The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity-dd- Walt Whitman . Fear less, hope more; Eat less, chew more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Love more, and all good things will be yours-xx- Swedish Proverb . More good has been accomplished by simple people seeking their own honest ends than by all the philanthropists in history-dd- Robert Brault . Most of what we say and do is not essential-dd- If you can eliminate it, you’ll have more time, and more tranquility-dd- Ask yourself at every moment, ‘Is this necessary-qq-’-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Find joy in simplicity, self-respect, and indifference to what lies between virtue and vice-dd- Love the human race-dd- Follow the divine-dd- Marcus Aurelius . My task is to simplify and then go deeper, making a commitment to what remains-dd- That’s what I’ve been after-dd- To care and polish what remains till it glows and comes alive from loving care-dd- Sue Bender . As we live and as we are, Simplicity – with a capital ‘S’ – is difficult to comprehend nowadays-dd- We are no longer truly simple-dd- We no longer live in simple terms or places-dd- Life is a complex struggle now-dd- It is now valiant to be simple: a courageous thing to even want to be simple-dd- It is a spiritual thing to comprehend what simplicity means-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . I do believe in simplicity-dd- It is astonishing as well as sad, how many trivial affairs even the wisest thinks he must attend to in a day; how singular an affair he thinks he must omit-dd- When the mathematician would solve a difficult problem, he first frees the equation of all incumbrances, and reduces it to its simplest terms-dd- So simplify the problem of life, distinguish the necessary and the real-dd- Probe the earth to see where your main roots run-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The best things in life are nearest: Breath in your nostrils, light in your eyes, flowers at your feet, duties at your hand, the path of right just before you-dd- Then do not grasp at the stars, but do life’s plain, common work as it comes, certain that daily duties and daily bread are the sweetest things in life-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . We can travel a long way and do many things, but our deepest happiness is not born from accumulating new experiences-dd- It is born from letting go of what is unnecessary, and knowing ourselves to be always at home-dd- Sharon Salzberg . I do not think that any civilization can be called complete until it has progressed from sophistication to unsophistication, and made a conscious return to simplicity of thinking and living-dd- Lin Yutang . In character, in manner, in style, in all things, the supreme excellence is simplicity-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . However mean your life is, meet it and live it: do not shun it and call it hard names-dd- Cultivate poverty like a garden herb, like sage-dd- Do not trouble yourself much to get new things, whether clothes or friends-dd- Things do not change, we change-dd- Sell your clothes and keep your thoughts-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Most of the luxuries and many of the so-called comforts of life are not only not indispensable, but positive hindrances to the elevation of mankind-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Simplicity is the final achievement-dd- After one has played a vast quantity of notes and more notes, it is simplicity that emerges as the crowning reward of art-dd- Frederic Chopin . Do not beat around the bush-dd- Do not take winding detours-dd- Follow a straight line to the objective; simplicity is the shortest distance between two points-dd- Bruce Lee . For the longest time, I thought I needed to be more organized-dd- Now I know I just needed less stuff-dd- Alysa Bajenaru . When you’re clear about your purpose and your priorities, you can painlessly discard whatever does not support these, whether it’s clutter in your cabinets or commitments on your calendar-dd- Victoria Moran . A simple life is not seeing how little we can get by with—that’s poverty—but how efficiently we can put first things first-dd- Victoria Moran . Enjoy the simple, the natural and the plain-dd- Along with that comes the ability to do things spontaneously and have them work-dd- Benjamin Hoff . True simplicity is, well, you just keep on going and going until you get to the point where you go, ‘Yeah, well, of course-dd-’ Where there’s no rational alternative-dd- Jonathan Ive . Simplicity is not the absence of clutter, that’s a consequence of simplicity-dd- Simplicity is somehow essentially describing the purpose and place of an object and product-dd- The absence of clutter is just a clutter-free product-dd- That’s not simple-dd- Jonathan Ive . It is simplicity that makes the uneducated more effective than the educated when addressing popular audiences-dd- Aristotle . It is the sweet, simple things of life which are the real ones after all-dd- Laura Ingalls Wilder . It’s not what’s under the tree, it’s who’s around it-dd- Charlie Brown . Expert: Someone who brings confusion to simplicity-dd- Gregory Nunn . Better to have spent a minute meditating than tweeting-dd- The Mimimalists . It’s not a good deal if you don’t need it-dd- Unknown . A child of five could understand this-dd- Send someone to fetch a child of five-dd- Groucho Marx . If you can spend a perfectly useless afternoon in a perfectly useless manner, you have learned how to live-dd- Lin Yutang . Simplicity is hard to build, easy to use, and hard to charge for-dd- Complexity is easy to build, hard to use, and easy to charge for-dd- Chris Sacca . I think we are drawn to dogs because they are the uninhibited creatures we might be if we weren’t certain we knew better-dd- They fight for honor at the first challenge, make love with no moral restraint, and they do not for all their marvelous instincts appear to know about death-dd- Being such wonderfully uncomplicated beings, they need us to do their worrying-dd- George Bird Evans . Simplify your life-dd- You don’t grow spiritual, you shrink spiritual-dd- Steve Maraboli . I didn’t have time to write a short letter, so I wrote a long one instead-dd- Mark Twain . To poke a wood fire is more solid enjoyment than almost anything else in the world-dd- Charles Dudley Warner . People love chopping wood-dd- In this activity one immediately sees results-dd- Albert Einstein . There is one advantage to having nothing, it never needs repair-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . Wherever I am, let me never forget to distinguish want from need-dd- Barbara Kingsolver . Progress is man’s ability to complicate simplicity-dd- Thor Heyerdahl . The truth is rarely pure and never simple-dd- Oscar Wilde . Why should we live with such hurry and waste of life-qq- We are determined to be starved before we are hungry-dd- Henry David Thoreau . It’s not enough to be busy, so are the ants-dd- The question is: what are we busy about-qq- Henry David Thoreau . Much of the stress that people feel doesn’t come from having too much to do-dd- It comes from not finishing what they’ve started-dd- Leo Babauta . Simplicity and harmony are the ultimate conditions to be attained in all things-dd- Horace Fletcher . Simplicity before understanding is simplistic; simplicity after understanding is simple-dd- Edward de Bono . Every solution to every problem is simple-dd- It’s the distance between the two where the mystery lies-dd- Derek Landy . Everything is both simpler than we can imagine, and more complicated that we can conceive-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Our souls are not hungry for fame, comfort, wealth, or power-dd- Our souls are hungry for meaning, for the sense that we have figured out how to live so that our lives matter-dd- Harold Kushner . Simplicity is an acquired taste-dd- Mankind, left free, instinctively complicates life-dd- Katharine Elizabeth Fullerton Gerould . Truthfully, though, most organizing is nothing more than well-planned hoarding-dd- Joshua Fields Millburn (The Minimalists) . The highest excellence is like water-dd- The excellence of water appears in its benefiting all things, and in its occupying, without striving, the low place which all men dislike-dd- Lao Tzu . Simplicity is the only thing that sufficiently reorients our lives so that possessions can be genuinely enjoyed without destroying us-dd- Richard Foster . The unfolding of your words gives light; it imparts understanding to the simple-dd- Psalm 119:130 . Real happiness is cheap enough, yet how dearly we pay for its counterfeit-dd- Hosea Ballou . Discovery is the ability to be puzzled by simple things-dd- Noam Chomsky . The height of cultivation always runs to simplicity-dd- Bruce Lee . What we need are few-dd- What we want are many-dd- Sheng Yen . Instead of presents, give presence-dd- Leo Babauta . If everything is important, then nothing is-dd- Patrick M-dd- Lencioni . Never use a long word when a short one will do-dd- Louisa May Alcott . I have no money, no resources, no hopes-dd- I am the happiest man alive-dd- Henry Miller . Maybe a person’s time would be as well spent raising food as raising money to buy food-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . I think we are in a non-essentialist bubble — everything seems important — so of course nothing is-dd- Greg McKeown . Every time I’m doing something that is not essential, I am giving up on something that is essential-dd- Greg McKeown . I would rather own little and see the world, than own the world and see little of it-dd- Alexander Sattler . What a unique treasure are the things we have learned to live without, for no thief can take them from us-dd- Robert Brault . Remember that in giving any reason at all for refusing, you lay some foundation for a future request-dd- Arthur Helps . Don’t forget it: He has most who needs least-dd- Don’t create needs for yourself-dd- St-dd- Josemaría Escrivá . Learning isn’t acquiring knowledge so much as it is trimming information that has already been acquired-dd- Criss Jami . When everything is urgent, nothing is urgent-dd- The Minimalists . Those who are wise won’t be busy, and those who are too busy can’t be wise-dd- Lin Yutang . Forget sale price-dd- Everything is 100% off when you don’t buy it-dd- Joshua Fields Millburn . He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have-dd- Socrates . The secret of happiness, you see, is not found in seeking more, but in developing the capacity to enjoy less-dd- Socrates . A common man marvels at uncommon things-dd- A wise man marvels at the commonplace-dd- Confucius . Anything that costs you your peace is too expensive-dd- Unknown . Do not talk a little on many subjects, but much on a few-dd- Pythagoras . Happiness is the absence of the striving for happiness-dd- Zhuangzi . Cease striving-dd- Then there will be transformation-dd- Zhuangzi . Raise your standards and lower your expectations-dd- The Minimalists . True happiness is…to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future-dd- Seneca . To enjoy life, you don’t need fancy nonsense, but you do need to control your time and realize that most things just aren’t as serious as you make them out to be-dd- Tim Ferriss . Be content with what you have, rejoice in the way things are-dd- When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you-dd- Lao Tzu . Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself in your way of thinking-dd- Marcus Aurelius . When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Men find happiness neither by means of the body nor through possessions, but through uprightness and wisdom-dd- Democritus . Truth is ever to be found in the simplicity, and not in the multiplicity and confusion of things-dd- Isaac Newton . How many undervalue the power of simplicity-xx- But it is the real key to the heart-dd- William Wordsworth . It’s the simple things in life that are the most extraordinary-dd- Paulo Coelho . To be simple is the best thing in the world-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . There are two ways to be rich: One is by acquiring much, and the other is by desiring little-dd- Jackie French Koller . It could be said of him that while others chased the mirage of happiness, he was happy with being content-dd- Neel Mukherjee . Scratch away all the dirt your being has accumulated and reveal reality in its nakedness-dd- Bruce Lee . Well, I like to eat, sleep, drink, and be in love-dd- I like to work, read, learn, and understand life-dd- Langston Hughes . The secret of contentment is knowing how to enjoy what you have, and to be able to lose all desire for things beyond your reach-dd- Lin Yutang . Remember that if you don’t prioritize your life someone else will-dd- Greg McKeown . When you ask me what I am doing today and I say “nothing”, it doesn’t mean I am free-dd- It means I am doing nothing-dd- Unknown . They think I’m simpleminded because I seem to be happy-dd- Why shouldn’t I be happy-qq- I have everything I ever wanted and more-dd- Maybe I am simpleminded-dd- Maybe that’s the key: simple-dd- Dolly Parton . As you age, you’ll learn to value your time, genuine relationships, meaningful work, and peace of mind, much more-dd- Little else will matter-dd- Marc and Angel . The strongest sign of your growth is realizing you’re no longer worried or stressed by the trivial things that once used to drain you-dd- Marc and Angel . Whoever does not regard what he has as most ample wealth, is unhappy, though he be master of the world-dd- Epictetus . When you are content to be simply yourself and don’t compare or compete, everybody will respect you-dd- Lao Tzu . Here’s a simple solution: Take your expectations and throw them in the ocean-dd- Leo Babauta . To do nothing, and have nothing to do-dd- That is sublime-dd- Unknown . Life is simple-dd- You just have to stop trying to figure it out-dd- Marty Rubin . Simplicity is about subtracting the obvious and adding the meaningful-dd- John Maeda . Keep only those things that speak to your heart-dd- Then take the plunge and discard all the rest-dd- Marie Kondo (The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up) . I am beginning to learn that it is the sweet, simple things in life which are the real ones after all-dd- Laura Ingalls Wilder . Minimalism is the pathway to the better life you’ve been searching for all along-dd- Joshua Becker (Check out What is minimalism-qq-) . Minimalism is the intentional promotion of the things we most value and the removal of everything that distracts us from it-dd- Joshua Becker . These times are too progressive-dd- Everything has changed too fast-dd- Railroads and telegraphs and kerosene and coal stoves – they’re good to have but the trouble is, folks get to depend on ’em-dd- Laura Ingalls Wilder (Think about today-xx-) . It is desirable that a man live in all respects so simply and preparedly that if an enemy take the town… he can walk out the gate empty-handed and without anxiety-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things-dd- Epictetus . Our affluent society contains those of talent and insight who are driven to prefer poverty, to choose it, rather than submit to the desolation of an empty abundance-dd- Michael Harrington . I like to walk about among the beautiful things that adorn the world; but private wealth I should decline, or any sort of personal possessions, because they would take away my liberty-dd- George Santayana . The point of simple living, for me, has got to be: a soft place to land, a wide margin for error, room to breathe, lots of places to find baseline happiness in each and every day-dd- Leo Babauta . I just naturally want to do things that make sense-dd- In my personal life too, I don’t care what other rich people are doing-dd- I don’t want a 405 foot boat just because someone else has a 400 foot boat-dd- Warren Buffett . I am strongly drawn to the simple life and am often oppressed by the feeling that I am engrossing an unnecessary amount of the labor of my fellow-dd- I regard class differences as contrary to justice and, in the last resort, based on force-dd- I also consider that plain living is good for everybody, physically and mentally-dd- Albert Einstein . But I deal with this meditating and by understanding I’ve been put on the planet to serve humanity-dd- I have to remind myself to live simply and not to overindulge, which is a constant battle in a material world-dd- Sandra Cisneros . A little simplification would be the first step toward rational living, I think-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Essentialism is the art of discerning between external noise and internal voice-dd- Lawton Ursrey . Essentialism: only once you give yourself permission to stop trying to do it all, to stop saying yes to everyone, can you make your highest contribution towards the things that really matter-dd- Greg McKeown . Frugality is one of the most beautiful and joyful words in the English language, and yet one that we are culturally cut off from understanding and enjoying-dd- Elise Boulding . I woke up early and took the first train to take me away from the city-dd- The noise and all its people-dd- I was alone on the train and had no idea where I was going, and that’s why I went there-dd- Charlotte Eriksson . I walked for a while until I found the water, the most peaceful place I know-dd- There I sat and stayed the whole day, with nothing and everything on my mind, cleaning my head-dd- Silence, I learned, is some times the most beautiful sound-dd- Charlotte Eriksson . Essentialism […] It doesn’t mean just doing less for the sake of less either-dd- It is about making the wisest possible investment of your time and energy in order to operate at our highest point of contribution by doing only what is essential-dd- Greg McKeown (See the book Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit Of Less) . Essentialism is not about how to get more things done, it’s about how to the get the right things done-dd- Greg McKeown . Identify what’s most important to you-dd- Eliminate as much as you possibly can of everything else-dd- Mark and Angel . The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak-dd- Hans Hofmann . The more we simplify our material needs the more we are free to think of other things-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . I’m not impressed by your looks, money, social status or job title-dd- I’m impressed by the way you treat other human beings-dd- Jim Kwik . Houses are full of things that gather dust-dd- Jack Kerouac . The material pursuit of self-esteem reduces self-esteem-dd- George Monbiot . Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul-dd- Democritus . Possessions are usually diminished by possession-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Complete possession is proved only by giving-dd- All you are unable to give possesses you-dd- Andre Gide . Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are-dd- We’ve been using them not because we needed them but because we had them-dd- Seneca . Every right implies a responsibility; Every opportunity, an obligation, Every possession, a duty-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . I have to remind myself to live simply and not overindulge, which is a constant battle in a material world-dd- Sandra Cisneros . If these things haven’t delivered on their promises yet, it may be time to let them go-dd- Francine Jay (Miss Minimalist) . The modern consumerist system is designed to take your money and time away from you-dd- Anthony Ongaro . You give but little when you give of your possessions-dd- It is when you give of yourself that you truly give-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Material blessings, when they pay beyond the category of need, are weirdly fruitful of headache-dd- Philip Wylie . There is no such thing as material covetousness-dd- All covetousness is spiritual-dd- …Any so-called material thing that you want is merely a symbol: you want it not for itself, but because it will content your spirit for the moment-dd- Mark Twain . I’m one of the least materialistic people that exist, because material possessions don’t mean much to me-dd- They’re beautiful, I enjoy them, they can enhance your life to a certain degree, but they’re ultimately not important-dd- Tom Ford (Famous fashion designer) . The consumption society has made us feel that happiness lies in having things, and has failed to teach us the happiness of not having things-dd- Elise Boulding . We go on multiplying our conveniences only to multiply our cares-dd- We increase our possessions only to the enlargement of our anxieties-dd- Anna C-dd- Brackett . Increase of material comforts, it may be generally laid down, does not in any way whatsoever conduce to moral growth-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The rise of social media is proving problematic-dd- Younger age groups of children and adults are now becoming heavily absorbed in it, unaware that social media presents rose-tinted versions of life as the truth, and it’s against this fiction that they’re comparing themselves-dd- Thibaut . It is preoccupation with possessions, more than anything else, that prevents us from living freely and nobly-dd- Bertrand Russell . It is the logic of consumerism that undermines the values of loyalty and permanence and promotes a different set of values that is destructive of family life-dd- Christopher Lasch . Man should not consider his material possession his own, but as common to all, so as to share them without hesitation when others are in need-dd- Thomas Aquinas . Anything you cannot relinquish when it has outlived its usefulness possesses you, and in this materialistic age a great many of us are possessed by our possessions-dd- Peace Pilgrim . Our greatest illusion is reliance upon the security and permanence of material possessions-dd- We must search for some other coin-dd- John Cudahy . The roots of addiction can be seen in our search for happiness in something outside of our self, be it drugs, relationships, material possessions-dd- Lee L Jampolsky . Everything we possess that is not necessary for life or happiness becomes a burden, and scarcely a day passes that we do not add to it-dd- Robert Brault . Reject the basic assumptions of civilization, especially the importance of material possessions-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Materialism is the only form of distraction from true bliss-dd- Douglas Horton . There must be more to life than having everything-dd- Maurice Sendak . Riches do not consist in the possession of treasures, but in the use made of them-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . An object in possession seldom retains the same charm that it had in pursuit-dd- Pliny the Elder . The wonderful things in life are the things you do, not the things you have-dd- Reinhold Messner . The nightmare of materialism, which has turned the life of the universe into an evil, useless game, is not yet past; it holds the awakening soul still in its grip-dd- Wassily Kandinsky . Our chief comforts often produce our greatest anxieties, and the increase in our possessions is but an inlet to new disquietudes-dd- Oliver Goldsmith . Materialism and all its miseries can never be conquered by materialism-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Let there be as little materialism as possible, with the maximum of spirituality-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Who is rich-qq- He who rejoices in his portion-dd- The Talmud . Think of nothing that happens as either good or bad-dd- Stop judging, and stop expecting-dd- Leo Babauta . The goal isn’t to get rid of all your negative thoughts, feelings, and life situations-dd- That’s impossible-dd- The goal is to change your response to them-dd- Marc and Angel . “I have done my best”, that is about all the philosophy of living that one needs-dd- Lin Yutang . What you do, the way you think, makes you beautiful-dd- Scott Westerfeld . We are not what we own; we are what we do, what we think and who we love-dd- Francine Jay (Miss Minimalist) . The business schools reward difficult complex behavior more than simple behavior, but simple behavior is more effective-dd- Warren Buffett . Take a deep breath-dd- Get present in the moment and ask yourself what is important this very second-dd- Greg McKeown . Simplicity of character is the natural result of profound thought-dd- William Hazlitt . Philosophy teaches us to act, not to speak-dd- Seneca . I don’t want to be interesting-dd- I want to be good-dd- Ludwig Mies van der Rohe . The art of simplicity is a puzzle of complexity-dd- Douglas Horton . Progress is in simplification, which often follows complexity-dd- Pearl Zhu . Complexity is impressive, but simplicity is genius-dd- Lance Wallnau . Simple pleasures are the last healthy refuge in a complex world-dd- Oscar Wilde . Simple truths are a relief from grand speculations-dd- Vauvenargues . Simplicity is a key to avoiding complication-dd- Part of the definition of simplicity is ‘not complex or complicated; sincere’-dd- Joyce Meyer . People often associate complexity with deeper meaning, when often after precious time has been lost, it is realized that simplicity is the key to everything-dd- Gary Hopkins . People who pride themselves on their “complexity” and deride others for being “simplistic” should realize that the truth is often not very complicated-dd- What gets complex is evading the truth-dd- Thomas Sowell . Simplicity is a great virtue but it requires hard work to achieve it and education to appreciate it-dd- And to make matters worse: complexity sells better-dd- Edsger W-dd- Dijkstra . Reduce the complexity of life by eliminating the needless wants of life, and the labors of life reduce themselves-dd- Edwin Way Teale . Making the simple complicated is commonplace; making the complicated simple, awesomely simple, that’s creativity-dd- Charles Mingus . Avoid the superficial, penetrate the complex, go to the heart of the problem, and pinpoint the key factors-dd- Bruce Lee . Simplicity is a most complex form-dd- Duke Ellington . Plain question and plain answer make the shortest road out of most perplexities-dd- Mark Twain . Complex things are easy to do-dd- Simplicity’s the real challenge-dd- Robert James Waller . The role of genius is not to complicate the simple, but to simplify the complicated-dd- Criss Jami . Complexity means distracted effort-dd- Simplicity means focused effort-dd- Edward de Bono . Growth creates complexity, which requires simplicity-dd- Andy Stanley . Letting go is even more important than adding-dd- Marie Kondo . The simplification of life is one of the steps to inner peace-dd- Mildred Norman . Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others-dd- Gerald Jampolsky . It is not difficult to trim and hack off the nonessentials in outward, physical structure-dd- However, to minimize inwardly, is another matter-dd- Bruce Lee . We seldom think of what we have but always of what we lack-dd- Therefore, rather than grateful, we are bitter-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . When you consciously choose to be ordinary, you become extraordinary-dd- Jaggi Vasudev . My riches consist, not in the extent of my possessions, but in the fewness of my wants-dd- Joseph Brotherton . Peace is the result of retraining your mind to process life as it is, rather than as you think it should be-dd- Wayne W-dd- Dyer . Never be in a hurry; do everything quietly and in a calm spirit-dd- Do not lose your inner peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset-dd- Saint Francis de Sales . It is a long way back, a long way back, to simplicity, back to the vision with the sun shining upon it, back to my simple soul-dd- Muriel Strode . We don’t need to increase our goods nearly as much as we need to scale down our wants-dd- Not wanting something is as good as possessing it-dd- Donald Horban . The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go-dd- Steve Maraboli . If you want inner peace find it in solitude, not speed, and if you would find yourself, look to the land from which you came and to which you go-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will-dd- Epictetus . Seek not good from without; seek it within yourselves, or you will never find it-dd- Epictetus . If you cannot find peace within yourself, you will never find it anywhere else-dd- Marvin Gaye . I smile, and breathe, and let go-dd- And one step at a time, become the person I want to be-dd- Leo Babauta . The root of all of our problems is our inability to let go-dd- Leo Babauta . Solitude is where I place my chaos to rest and awaken my inner peace-dd- Nikki Rowe . A happy life consists in tranquillity of mind-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Love people, use things-dd- The opposite doesn’t work-dd- Joshua Fields Millburn (The Minimalists) . Living simply makes loving simple-dd- Bell Hooks . Love is freedom-dd- Mother Teresa . The only way through uncertainty is love-dd- Leo Babauta . Instead of focusing on how much you can accomplish, focus on how much you can absolutely love what you’re doing-dd- Leo Babauta . Be a curator of your life-dd- Slowly cut things out until you’re left only with what you love, with what’s necessary, with what makes you happy-dd- Leo Babauta . To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts, nor even to found a school, but to so love wisdom as to live according to its dictates a life of simplicity, independence, magnanimity and trust-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Teach us delight in the simple things, and mirth that has no bitter springs; forgiveness free of evil done, and love to all men beneath the sun-dd- Rudyard Kipling . When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are-dd- Donald Miller . Gentleness, self-sacrifice and generosity are the exclusive possession of no one race or religion-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . For a happier life, keep only the things you love and use-dd- Selim Tolga . Love is flower like-dd- Friendship is like a sheltering tree-dd- Samuel Taylor Coleridge . You must love in such a way that the person you love feels free-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Simplicities are enormously complex-dd- Consider the sentence “I love you”-dd- Richard O-dd- Moore . In everything, love simplicity-dd- Saint Francis de Sales . Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be-dd- Be one-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day-dd- Jim Rohn . Success is simple-dd- Do what’s right, the right way, at the right time-dd- Arnold Glasow . Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention-dd- Jim Rohn . The difference between successful people and really successful people is that really successful people say no to almost everything-dd- Warren Buffett . By saying “yes” to every request from others, you allow all your time to be taken up by tasks that are important to others, not necessarily to you-dd- Leo Babauta . When you limit your options, you really get good at sticking to what’s there-dd- Leo Babauta . Narrowing down our choices means less overwhelm, and more creativity-dd- Courtney Carver . What you focus on grows-dd- Stop managing your time-dd- Start managing your focus-dd- Marc and Angel . Shake off the nonsense, bring your attention back to what’s important-dd- Marc and Angel . The waste of life occasioned by trying to do too many things at once is appalling-dd- Orison Marden . Rest satisfied with doing well, and leave others to talk of you as they please-dd- Pythagoras . Keep your attention focused entirely on what is truly your own concern, and be clear that what belongs to others is their business and none of yours-dd- Epictetus . What’s really important is to simplify-dd- The work of most photographers would be improved immensely if they could do one thing: get rid of the extraneous-dd- If you strive for simplicity, you are more likely to reach the viewer-dd- William Albert Allard . You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need-dd- Vernon Howard . Focus is a matter of deciding what things you’re not going to do-dd- John Carmack . It is those who concentrate on but one thing at a time who advance in this world-dd- Gary Keller (The One Thing) . What is the one thing I can do such that by doing it everything else will be easier or unnecessary-qq- Gary Keller . Until my one thing is done, everything else is a distraction-dd- Gary Keller . Being able to quit things that don’t work is integral to being a winner-dd- Tim Ferriss . Focus on being productive instead of busy-dd- Tim Ferriss . Simplicity, clarity, singleness: these are the attributes that give our lives power and vividness and joy-dd- Richard Halloway . Nature has a great simplicity and therefore a great beauty-dd- Richard Feynman . If you will stay close to nature, to its simplicity, to the small things hardly noticeable, those things can unexpectedly become great and immeasurable-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . Every morning was a cheerful invitation to make my life of equal simplicity, and I may say innocence, with Nature herself-dd- Henry David Thoreau (Walden) . Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . If you can’t be in awe of Mother Nature, there’s something wrong with you-dd- Alex Trebek . It is the simple things of life that make living worthwhile, the sweet fundamental things such as love and duty, work and rest, and living close to nature-dd- Laura Ingalls Wilder . As I grew older, I realized that it was much better to insist on the genuine forms of nature, for simplicity is the greatest adornment of art-dd- Albrecht Durer . Wilderness-dd- The word itself is music-dd- Edward Abbey . Looking at beauty in the world, is the first step of purifying the mind-dd- Amit Ray . Nature is painting for us, day after day, pictures of infinite beauty-dd- John Ruskin . Simplicity is natures first step, and the last of art-dd- Philip James Bailey . Nature is not a place to visit-dd- It is home-dd- Gary Snyder . I don’t need a lot of money-dd- Simplicity is the answer for me-dd- Linda McCartney . You might get 85 years on this planet – don’t spend 65 paying off a lifestyle you can’t afford-dd- Cait Flanders . Ten years from now it won’t really matter what shoes you wore today, how your hair looked, or what brand of clothes you wore-dd- What will matter is how you lived, how you loved, and what you learned along the way-dd- Marc and Angel . Voluntary simplicity means going fewer places in one day rather than more, seeing less so I can see more, doing less so I can do more, acquiring less so I can have more-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane-dd- Marcus Aurelius . None can be an impartial or wise observer of human life but from the vantage ground of what we should call voluntary poverty-dd- Henry David Thoreau . How much time he gains who does not look to see what his neighbour says or does or thinks, but only at what he does himself, to make it just and holy-dd- Marcus Aurelius . He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has-dd- Epictetus . It would add very much to the pleasure of life and to its sanctity if we cultivated the habit of seeing what is beautiful and divine in ordinary things, though this is not easy, because our natural tendency is to think and talk most of what is extraordinary-dd- Alfred Rowland . All goes back to the earth, and so I do not desire pride of excess or power, but the contentments made by men who have had little: the fisherman’s silence receiving the river’s grace, the gardener’s musing on rows-dd- Wendell Berry . We really must understand that the lust for affluence in contemporary society is psychotic-dd- It is psychotic because it has completely lost touch with reality-dd- We crave things we neither need nor enjoy-dd- Richard Foster . The Master said, “A true gentleman is one who has set his heart upon the Way-dd- A fellow who is ashamed merely of shabby clothing or modest meals is not even worth conversing with”-dd- Analects 4-dd-9 Confucius . To live content with small means; to seek elegance rather than luxury, and refinement rather than fashion; to be worthy, not respectable, and wealthy, not, rich; to listen to stars and birds, babes and sages, with open heart; to study hard; to think quietly, act frankly, talk gently, await occasions, hurry never; in a word, to let the spiritual, unbidden and unconscious, grow up through the common – this is my symphony-dd- William Henry Channing . To the Technocrats: Have mercy on us-dd- Relax a bit, take time out for simple pleasures-dd- For example, the luxuries of electricity, indoor plumbing, central heating, instant electronic communication and such, have taught me to relearn and enjoy the basic human satisfactions of dipping water from a cold clear mountain stream; of building a wood fire in a cast-iron stove; of using long winter nights for making music, making things, making love; of writing long letters, in longhand with a fountain pen, to the few people on this earth I truly care about-dd- Edward Abbey . I’ve heard my teacher say, where there are machines, there are bound to be machine worries; where there are machine worries, there are bound to be machine hearts-dd- With a machine heart in your breast, you’ve spoiled what was pure and simple; and without the pure and simple, the life of the spirit knows no rest-dd- Zhuangzi . Poor food and water for dinner, a bent arm for a pillow – that is where joy resides-dd- For me, wealth and renown without honor are nothing but drifting clouds-dd- Confucius . I go about looking at horses and cattle-dd- They eat grass, make love, work when they have to, bear their young-dd- I am sick with envy of them-dd- Sherwood Anderson . I think we’ve been oversold the value of more and undersold the value of less-dd- Greg McKeown . Teach us delight in simple things, and mirth that has no bitter springs-dd- Rudyard Kipling . Pride divides the men, humility joins them-dd- Socrates . Pride makes us artificial and humility makes us real-dd- Thomas Merton . A great man is always willing to be little-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . True humility is contentment-dd- Henri Frederic Amiel . Be silent as to services you have rendered, but speak of favours you have received-dd- Seneca . The higher we are placed, the more humbly we should walk-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . No truly great person ever thought themselves so-dd- William Hazlitt . Serenity, regularity, absence of vanity, sincerity, simplicity, veracity, equanimity, Fixity, non-irritability, adaptability, Humility, tenacity, integrity, nobility, magnanimity, charity, generosity, purity-dd- Practise daily these eighteen “ities” You will soon attain immortality-dd- Socrates . My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind-dd- Albert Einstein . He that places himself neither higher nor lower than he ought to do exercises the truest humility-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Be modest, humble, simple-dd- Control your anger-dd- Abraham Cahan . Forget popularity-dd- Just do your thing with passion, humility and honesty-dd- Marc and Angel . I believe the first test of a truly great man is in his humility-dd- John Ruskin . The only way you will advance spiritually is through humility-dd- Frederick Lenz . When there’s nothing but humility, there’s nothing but spiritual oneness-dd- Frederick Lenz . Pride is concerned with who is right-dd- Humility is concerned with what is right-dd- Ezra Taft Benson . Learn to laugh at yourselves as one must laugh-xx- Friedrich Nietzsche . Greatness of spirit is accompanied by simplicity and sincerity-dd- Aristotle . Think 8 hours, work 2 hours-dd- Mirko Ilic . Design means being good, not just looking good-dd- Clement Mok . We adore chaos because we love to produce order-dd- M-dd- C-dd- Escher . Simple is hard-dd- Easy is harder-dd- Invisible is hardest-dd- Jean-Louis Gassée . Order and simplification are the first steps toward the mastery of a subject-dd- Thomas Mann . Clutter and confusion are failures of design, not attributes of information-dd- Edward Tufte . Simplicity is not the goal-dd- It is the by-product of a good idea and modest expectations-dd- Paul Rand . In order to be a good gatekeeper, you have to think of your house as sacred space, not storage space-dd- Francine Jay (Miss Minimalist) . The problem: we put more value on our stuff than on our space-dd- Francine Jay (Miss Minimalist) . I live lightly and gracefully, with only the objects I find functional or beautiful-dd- Francine Jay (Miss Minimalist) . Rather than cluttering up your home, stealing your time, and draining your wallet, the stuff in your life should serve a purpose and make you happy-dd- If that isn’t the case, then your stuff owns you-dd- Tammy Strobel . Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing, layout, processes, and procedures-dd- Tom Peters . We must have order, allocating to each thing its proper place and giving to each thing is due according to its nature-dd- Ludwig Mies van der Rohe . The architect should strive continually to simplify; the ensemble of the rooms should then be carefully considered that comfort and utility may go hand in hand with beauty-dd- Bruce Lee . A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Have nothing in your houses that you do not know to be useful, or believe to be beautiful-dd- William Morris . One can furnish a room very luxuriously by taking out furniture rather than putting it in-dd- Francis Jourdain . Design is the conscious effort to impose a meaningful order-dd- Victor Papanek . I feel that my environment reflects my belief in the grace and art and elegance of living simply-dd- bell hooks . Architecture has the power to create order out of unholy confusion-dd- Ludwig Mies van der Rohe . Less is more-dd- Ludwig Mies van der Rohe . Good design means as little design as possible-dd- Dieter Rams . Elegance is refusal-dd- Coco Chanel . Simplicity, carried to an an extreme, becomes elegance-dd- Jon Franklin . Only great minds can afford a simple style-dd- Stendhal . Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it-dd- Confucius . To be beautiful means to be yourself-dd- You don’t need to be accepted by others-dd- You need to accept yourself-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Beauty of style and harmony and grace and good rhythm depend on simplicity-dd- Plato . Dwell on the beauty of life-dd- Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Sometimes people are beautiful, not in looks, not in what they say, just in what they are-dd- Markus Zusak . Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy-dd- Anne Frank . Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old-dd- Franz Kafka . True elegance for me is the manifestation of an independent mind-dd- Isabella Rossellini . Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do-dd- Mother Teresa . Elegance is achieved when all that is superfluous has been discarded and the human being discovers simplicity and concentration: the simpler and more sober the posture, the more beautiful it will be-dd- Paulo Coelho . Elegance is elimination-dd- Cristobal Balenciaga . Peace is the beauty of life-dd- It is sunshine-dd- It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family-dd- It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth-dd- Menachem Begin . Adornment, what a science-xx- Beauty, what a weapon-xx- Modesty, what elegance-xx- Coco Chanel . Elegance means appreciating things as they are-dd- There is a sense of delight and of fearlessness-dd- Chogyam Trungpa . I think happiness is what makes you pretty-dd- Period-dd- Happy people are beautiful-dd- They become like a mirror and they reflect that happiness-dd- Drew Barrymore . The sculptor produces the beautiful statue by chipping away such parts of the marble block as are not needed — it is a process of elimination-dd- Elbert Hubbard . A person with taste is merely one who can recognize the greatest beauty in the simplest things-dd- Barbara Taylor Bradford . You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed-dd- And you are beautiful-dd- Amy Bloom . Real elegance is simply a true encounter with oneself-dd- Carole Bouquet . Beauty is power; a smile is its sword-dd- John Ray . There is beauty, heartbreaking beauty, everywhere-dd- Edward Abbey . True contentment is not about acquiring more, but being satisfied with greater simplicity and fulfilled by what you already have-dd- Carley Hauck https://www-dd-mindful-dd-org . Slowly cut things out until you’re left only with what you love, with what’s necessary, with what makes you happy-dd- Leo Babauta https://zenhabits-dd-net/ . The first step in crafting a life you want is to get rid of everything you don’t-dd- Joshua Becker https://www-dd-becomingminimalist-dd-com/ . Imagine a life with less-dd- Less stuff, less clutter, less stress and debt and discontent-dd- Ryan Nicodemus https://www-dd-theminimalists-dd-com/nicodemus/ . Forget sale price-dd- Everything is 100% off when you don’t buy it-dd- Joshua Fields Millburn https://www-dd-theminimalists-dd-com/millburn/ . If you don’t have time to do what matters, stop doing things that don’t-dd- Courtney Carver https://bemorewithless-dd-com/ . More was never the answer-dd- The answer, it turned out, was always less-dd- Cait Flanders https://caitflanders-dd-com/ . Slow down-dd- You move too fast-dd- Jacki Hollywood Brown https://unclutterer-dd-com/ . If we don’t know what to get each other for gifts – maybe we shouldn’t exchange gifts-qq- Rachel http://www-dd-theminimalistmom-dd-com . “No” is a complete sentence-dd- Anne Lamott (wisdomquotes-dd-com loves this one 🙂 ) https://twitter-dd-com/annelamott https://www-dd-facebook-dd-com/AnneLamott/ . Simple living doesn’t solve all my problems, it just removes distractions-dd- Melissa Camara Wilkins https://melissacamarawilkins-dd-com . Without grace, minimalism is another metric for perfection-dd- Erin Loechner http://designformankind-dd-com/ . When life is crazy, it’s time to empty your plate-dd- Alysa Bajenaru http://inspiredrd-dd-com/ . At some point I realized that I wasn’t organizing my life; I was organizing my clutter-dd- Francine Jay http://www-dd-missminimalist-dd-com/ . When things get tough, come back to the simple-dd- Practising Simplicity http://www-dd-practisingsimplicity-dd-com/ . By becoming a little more present and mindful you’ll probably make less mistakes, and feel less stressed out too-dd- The Mindfulness Project https://www-dd-londonmindful-dd-com/blog . Shedding unnecessary stuff and commitments will free up space in your life for abundance of the best kind-dd- Evelyn http://smallishblog-dd-com . We gave away most of our belongings-dd- Interestingly, the more we gave away, the better we felt-dd- Tammy Strobel, https://www-dd-rowdykittens-dd-com/ . The more intentional you are in your choices, the more every change makes room for more changes I just love that there’s this endless potential-dd- Dee Williams, https://padtinyhouses-dd-com/dee-williams/ . The things you wear don’t make you beautiful; they accentuate the beauty that’s already there-dd- Colin Wright, http://exilelifestyle-dd-com/ . 99 percent of what stressed you out today won’t matter a month from now-dd- Marc and Angel http://www-dd-marcandangel-dd-com/ . You need time to think, time to dream, time to talk and time to do nothing at all-dd- Brooke McAlary, https://slowyourhome-dd-com/ . Intentional living and spending leads to more money and freedom-dd- Anthony Ongaro https://www-dd-breakthetwitch-dd-com/ . Possessions, outward success, publicity, luxury – to me these have always been contemptible-dd- I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best for both the body and the mind-dd- Albert Einstein . Be patient and tough; someday this pain will be useful to you-dd- Ovid . First they ignore you-dd- Then they laugh at you-dd- Then they fight you-dd- Then you win-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished-dd- Lao Tzu . Patience and fortitude conquer all things-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Most men pursue pleasure with such breathless haste that they hurry past it-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . With love and patience, nothing is impossible-dd- Daisaku Ikeda . Just keep going when it’s tough-dd- Just keep going when it’s long-dd- Maxime Lagacé . A man who is a master of patience is master of everything else-dd- George Savile . Patience is not passive, on the contrary, it is concentrated strength-dd- Bruce Lee . You usually have to wait for that which is worth waiting for-dd- Craig Bruce . Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . All human wisdom is summed up in two words – wait and hope-dd- Alexandre Dumas . It’s not that I’m so smart, it’s just that I stay with problems longer-dd- Albert Einstein . Don’t cross the bridge until you come to it-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . Make your ego porous-dd- Will is of little importance, complaining is nothing, fame is nothing-dd- Openness, patience, receptivity, solitude is everything-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience-dd- Julius Caesar . Rivers know this: there is no hurry-dd- We shall get there some day-dd- A-dd- Milne (Winnie The Pooh) . A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation-dd- Molière . Slow and steady wins the race-dd- Aesop . Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one-dd- Bruce Lee . Come what may, all bad fortune is to be conquered by endurance-dd- Virgil . Patience is the key to contentment-dd- The Prophet Muhammad . Everything that slows us down and forces patience, everything that sets us back into the slow circles of nature, is a help-dd- May Sarton . One moment of patience may ward off great disaster-dd- One moment of impatience may ruin a whole life-dd- Chinese proverb . Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit-dd- Molière . Never cut a tree down in the wintertime-dd- Never make a negative decision in the low time-dd- Never make your most important decisions when you are in your worst moods-dd- Wait-dd- Be patient-dd- The storm will pass-dd- The spring will come-dd- Robert H-dd- Schuller . There is something good in all seeming failures-dd- You are not to see that now-dd- Time will reveal it-dd- Be patient-dd- Sivananda Saraswati . Teach us, O Lord, the disciplines of patience, for to wait is often harder than to work-dd- Peter Marshall . Indeed, this life is a test-dd- It is a test of many things – of our convictions and priorities, our faith and our faithfulness, our patience and our resilience, and in the end, our ultimate desires-dd- Sheri L-dd- Dew . Change is slow and gradual-dd- It requires hard work, a bit of luck, a fair amount of self-sacrifice, and a lot of patience-dd- Robert Greene . Maybe that’s why life is so precious-dd- No rewind or fast forward… just patience and faith-dd- Cristina Marrero . Our patience will achieve more than our force-dd- Edmund Burke . Who ever is out of patience is out of possession of their soul-dd- Francis Bacon . Have patience with all things but first of all with yourself-dd- Frances de Sales (This is one of my favorite patience quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Patience means self-suffering-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Patience is waiting-dd- Not passively waiting-dd- That is laziness-dd- But to keep going when the going is hard and slow – that is patience-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Patience is the only true foundation on which to make one’s dreams come true-dd- Franz Kafka . No great thing is created suddenly-dd- Epictetus . To lose patience is to lose the battle-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . If patience is worth anything, it must endure to the end of time-dd- And a living faith will last in the midst of the blackest storm-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Patience and the passage of time do more than strength and fury-dd- Jean de La Fontaine . Genius is eternal patience-dd- Michelangelo . I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free-dd- Michelangelo . Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I have been impressed with the urgency of doing-dd- Knowing is not enough; we must apply-dd- Being willing is not enough; we must do-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Patience is the best remedy for every trouble-dd- Plautus . We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world-dd- Helen Keller . The two most powerful warriors are patience and time-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits-dd- Thomas Edison . All we need is just a little patience-dd- Gun’s And Roses . Never put passion before principle, even if you win, you’ll lose-dd- Mr-dd- Miyagi (Karate Kid) . Patience you must have, my young padawan-dd- Yoda (Star Wars) . The very important thing you should have is patience-dd- Jack Ma (alibaba-dd-com) . Patience is the companion of wisdom-dd- Augustine of Hippo . All good things come to he who waits-dd- Proverb . Have patience, God isn’t finished yet-dd- Philippians 1:6 . Don’t put the cart before the horse-dd- John Heywood . He that can have patience can have what he will-dd- Benjamin Franklin . I am a slow walker, but I never walk back-dd- Abraham Lincoln . I am extraordinarily patient, provided I get my own way in the end-dd- Margaret Thatcher . Patience is a key element of success-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . How poor are they that have not patience-xx- What wound did ever heal but by degrees-qq- William Shakespeare . I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion-dd- These three are your greatest treasures-dd- Lao Tzu . Everything comes if a man will only wait-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop-dd- Confucius . Nothing else is necessary but these – love, sincerity, and patience-dd- Swami Vivekananda . One minute of patience, ten years of peace-dd- Greek proverb . Patience is the key to paradise-dd- Turkish proverb . Patience is poultice for all wounds-dd- Irish proverb . Slow is every foot on an unknown path-dd- Irish proverb . Haste has no blessing-dd- Swahili saying . Be impatient with actions but patient with results-dd- Naval Ravikant . Haste makes waste-dd- John Heywood . Intuition is a suspension of logic due to impatience-dd- Rita Mae Brown . Time is the wisest of all counselors-dd- Plutarch . The greatest power is often simple patience-dd- E-dd- Joseph Cossman . All great achievements require time-dd- Maya Angelou . Patience is a fruit of the spirit that grows only under trial-dd- Joyce Meyer . Patience is the best medicine-dd- John Florio . Genius is patience-dd- Isaac Newton . Be patient-dd- Good things will come-dd- Unknown . Be patient the best things happen unexpectedly-dd- Unknown . You can’t rush something you want to last forever-dd- Unknown . What comes easy won’t last-dd- What lasts won’t come easy-dd- Unknown . A man who masters patience masters everything else-dd- Unknown . Patience is power-dd- Unknown . Good things take time-dd- Unknown . Bear and forbear-dd- Unknown . Patience in all things is your crucial shield-dd- Robert Greene . Patience is a conquering virtue-dd- Geoffrey Chaucer . Patience isn’t a virtue; it’s a necessity-dd- Lou Holtz . Endurance is patience concentrated-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Patience is the art of hoping-dd- Luc de Clapiers . While we wait for life, life passes-dd- Seneca . Time discovers truth-dd- Seneca . Have patience-dd- All things are difficult before they become easy-dd- Saadi . Misfortune is the test of a person’s merit-dd- Seneca . Genius is nothing but a great aptitude for patience-dd- George-Louis de Buffon . It will be your toughest battle-dd- It will be the only one worth it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Take up an idea, devote yourself to it, struggle on in patience, and the sun will rise for you-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Be a lamp for yourselves-dd- Be your own refuge-dd- Seek for no other-dd- All things must pass-dd- Strive on diligently-dd- Don’t give up-dd- Buddha . There is no road too long to the man who advances deliberately and without undue haste; there are no honors too distant to the man who prepares himself for them with patience-dd- Jean de la Bruyere . Our real blessings often appear to us in the shape of pains, losses and disappointments; but let us have patience and we soon shall see them in their proper figures-dd- Joseph Addison . Sometimes things aren’t clear right away-dd- That’s where you need to be patient and persevere and see where things lead-dd- Mary Pierce . Your mastery depends on focus, patience and practice-dd- Not on luck-dd- Robin Sharma . Part 1-dd- This world is your best teacher-dd- There is a lesson in everything-dd- There is a lesson in each experience-dd- Learn it and become wise-dd- Every failure is a stepping stone to success-dd- Sivananda Saraswati . Part 2-dd- Every difficulty or disappointment is a trial of your faith-dd- Every unpleasant incident or temptation is a test of your inner strength-dd- Therefore nil desperandum-dd- March forward hero-xx- Sivananda Saraswati . Patience serves as a protection against wrongs as clothes do against cold-dd- For if you put on more clothes as the cold increases, it will have no power to hurt you-dd- So in like manner you must grow in patience when you meet with great wrongs, and they-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Every great dream begins with a dreamer-dd- Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world-dd- Harriet Tubman . For anything worth having one must pay the price; and the price is always work, patience, love, self-sacrifice – no paper currency, no promises to pay, but the gold of real service-dd- John Burroughs . Making your mark on the world is hard-dd- If it were easy, everybody would do it-dd- But it’s not-dd- It takes patience, it takes commitment, and it comes with plenty of failure along the way-dd- The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won’t-dd- It’s whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere-dd- Barack Obama . Part 1-dd- Water does not resist-dd- Water flows-dd- When you plunge your hand into it, all you feel is a caress-dd- Margaret Atwood . Part 2-dd- Water is not a solid wall, it will not stop you-dd- But water always goes where it wants to go, and nothing in the end can stand against it-dd- Water is patient-dd- Dripping water wears away a stone-dd- Remember that, my child-dd- Margaret Atwood . Part 3-dd- Remember you are half water-dd- If you can’t go through an obstacle, go around it-dd- Water does-dd- Margaret Atwood . If you want a more patient world, let patience be your motto-dd- Steve Maraboli . Because you are alive, everything is possible-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Trust the process-dd- Your time is coming-dd- Just do the work and the results will handle themselves-dd- Tony Gaskins . If you should put even a little on a little and should do this often, soon this would become big-dd- Hesiod . Don’t chase, don’t beg, don’t stress, don’t be desperate, just relax-dd- When you relax, it will come to you-dd- Make your wants, want you-dd- Unknown . You will get there when you are meant to get there and not moment sooner-dd- So relax, breathe, and be patient-dd- Unknown . It’s not imagination on my part when I say that to look up at the sky, the clouds, the moon, and the stars make me calm and patient-dd- Anne Frank . It doesn’t matter how many setbacks you come across, it’s the comeback that makes your story stand the test of time-dd- So, be the comeback-dd- Defy the odds-dd- Tofe Evans . Take pleasure in the laborious research process — enjoy the slow cooking of the idea, the organic growth that naturally takes shape over time-dd- Robert Greene . The secret engine fueling success is patience-dd- It will actually get you to most goals much quicker and smoother than the alternative-dd- Neil Strauss . My son, observe the postage stamp-xx- Its usefulness depends upon its ability to stick to one thing until it gets there-dd- Josh Billings . Grain by grain a loaf, stone by stone, a castle-dd- Yugoslavian saying . The continuous drip polishes the stone-dd- Peruvian saying . All good things arrive unto them that wait – and don’t die in the meantime-dd- Mark Twain . Drive slow and enjoy the scenery – drive fast and join the scenery-dd- Douglas Horton . The key to everything is patience-dd- You get the chicken by hatching the egg, not by smashing it-dd- Arnold H-dd- Glasow . The common man prays, ‘I want a cookie right now-xx-’ And God responds, ‘If you’d listen to what I say, tomorrow it will bring you 100 cookies’-dd- Criss Jami . The more you ask how much longer it will take, the longer the journey seems-dd- Maori saying . At the gate of patience there is no crowding-dd- Moroccan saying . Impatience may be a virtue if you have to write for today’s generation-dd- Haresh Sippy . You can learn many things from children-dd- How much patience you have, for instance-dd- Franklin P-dd- Jones . Patience is the ability to idle your motor when you feel like stripping your gears-dd- Barbara Johnson . Alcohol gives you infinite patience for stupidity-dd- Sammy Davis Jr . Patience is the art of concealing your impatience-dd- Guy Kawasaki . Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty-dd- John Ruskin . The test of good manners is to be patient with the bad ones-dd- Solomon Ibn Gabirol . All men are made one for another: either then teach them better or bear with them-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Knowing trees, I understand the meaning of patience-dd- Knowing grass, I can appreciate persistence-dd- Hal Borland . Patience is the support of weakness; impatience the ruin of strength-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Many a man thinks he is patient when, in reality, he is indifferent-dd- B-dd-C-dd- Forbes . Fortune knocks but once, but misfortune has much more patience-dd- Laurence J-dd- Peter . All commend patience, but none can endure to suffer-dd- Thomas Fuller . If you would know strength and patience, welcome the company of trees-dd- Hal Borland . The whole duty of man is embraced in the two principles of abstinence and patience: temperance in prosperity, and patient courage in adversity-dd- Seneca . A leaf that is destined to grow large is full of grooves and wrinkles at the start-dd- Now if one has no patience and wants it smooth offhand like a willow leaf, there is trouble ahead-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Successful people know the difference between patience and procrastination-dd- Unknown . Patience, a willingness to completely surrender to the process, and the importance of listening-dd- Unknown . Patience is the master key to every situation-dd- One must have sympathy for everything, surrender to everything, but at the same time remain patient and forbearing-dd- Franz Kafka . Patience is not a virtue-dd- It is an achievement-dd- Vera Nazarian . The salt of patience seasons everything-dd- Italian saying . We suffer more in imagination than in reality-dd- Seneca . What may not be altered is made lighter by patience-dd- Horace . In any contest between power and patience, bet on patience-dd- W-dd-B-dd- Prescott . Patience is necessary, and one cannot reap immediately where one has sown-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . And sure enough, even waiting will end… if you can just wait long enough-dd- William Faulkner . It is far better to endure patiently a smart which nobody feels but yourself, than to commit a hasty action whose evil consequences will extend to all connected with you-dd- Charlotte Brontë . Patience and wisdom walk hand in hand, like two one-armed lovers-dd- Jarod Kintz . Patience has its limits, take it too far and it’s cowardice-dd- George Jackson . Patience is power-dd- Patience is not an absence of action; rather it is “timing”-dd- It waits on the right time to act, for the right principles and in the right way-dd- Fulton J-dd- Sheen . The two hardest tests on the spiritual road are the patience to wait for the right moment and the courage not to be disappointed with what we encounter-dd- Paulo Coelho . Patience is the calm acceptance that things can happen in a different order than the one you have in mind-dd- David G-dd- Allen . All things come to him who waits – provided he knows what he is waiting for-dd- Woodrow Wilson . Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle-dd- Unknown . No pain that we suffer, no trial that we experience is wasted-dd- It ministers to our education, to the development of such qualities as patience, faith, fortitude and humility-dd- Orson F-dd- Whitney . All that we suffer and all that we endure, especially when we endure it patiently, builds up our characters, purifies our hearts, expands our souls, and makes us more tender and charitable-dd- Orson F-dd- Whitney . What was hard to suffer is sweet to remember-dd- Seneca . We should always allow some time to elapse, for time discloses the truth-dd- Seneca . Time heals what reason cannot-dd- Seneca . Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly-dd- Epictetus . Always seem patient, as if you know that everything will come to you eventually-dd- Robert Greene . Once you learn patience, your options suddenly expand-dd- Robert Greene . Haste is productive of injury, and so is too much hesitation-dd- He is the wisest man who does everything at the proper time-dd- Ovid . They also serve who only stand and wait-dd- John Milton . Keep doing your Karm (work)-dd- Don’t start expecting the results-dd- Bhagavad Gita . Judge a tree from its fruit, not from its leaves-dd- Euripides . The measure of a man is the way he bears up under misfortune-dd- Plutarch . Without labor nothing prospers-dd- Sophocles . Who seeks shall find-dd- Sophocles . Dripping water hollows out stone, not through force but through persistence-dd- Ovid . Time is generally the best doctor-dd- Ovid . Our levels of desire, patience, persistence, and confidence end up playing a much larger role in success than sheer reasoning powers-dd- Robert Greene . Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success-dd- Napoleon Hill . There are times to stay put, and what you want will come to you, and there are times to go out into the world and find such a thing for yourself-dd- Lemony Snicket . Work hard in silence-dd- Let your success be your noise-dd- Unknown . Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish-dd- John Quincy Adams . A waiting person is a patient person-dd- The word patience means the willingness to stay where we are and live the situation out to the full in the belief that something hidden there will manifest itself to us-dd- Henri J-dd-M-dd- Nouwen . Patience can’t be acquired overnight-dd- It is just like building up a muscle-dd- Every day you need to work on it-dd- Eknath Easwaran . Endurance is the crowning quality, and patience all the passion of great hearts-dd- James Russell Lowell . Talent is a long patience, and originality an effort of will and intense observation-dd- Gustave Flaubert . How many a man has thrown up his hands at a time when a little more effort, a little more patience would have achieved success-qq- Elbert Hubbard . To know how to wait-dd- It is the great secret of success-dd- Joseph de Maistre . Persistence-dd- Perfection-dd- Patience-dd- Power-dd- Prioritize your passion-dd- It keeps you sane-dd- Criss Jami . You don’t get the things you dream of, you get the things that you work for-dd- Ursula Callistis . I will not be distracted by noise, chatter, or setbacks-dd- Patience, commitment, grace, and purpose will guide me-dd- Louise Hay . No great thing is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig-dd- If you tell me that you desire a fig, I answer you that there must be time-dd- Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen-dd- Epictetus . The two powers which in my opinion constitute a wise man are those of bearing and forbearing-dd- Epictetus . You cannot have everything in the present-dd- The road to mastery requires patience and sacrifice-dd- Robert Greene . Sometimes it is best to lie low, to do nothing but let the winter pass-dd- Robert Greene . Patience and tenacity are worth more than twice their weight of cleverness-dd- Thomas Huxley . The highest result of education is tolerance-dd- Helen Keller . Any person capable of angering you becomes your master-dd- Epictetus . The enemy is the necessary condition for practicing patience-dd- Dalai Lama . Be patient and understanding-dd- Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious-dd- Phillips Brooks . Resolve to be tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving, and tolerant of the weak and the wrong-dd- Sometime in life you will have been all of these-dd- George Washington Carver . It’s an universal law – intolerance is the first sign of an inadequate education-dd- An ill-educated person behaves with arrogant impatience, whereas truly profound education breeds humility-dd- Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn . The more you know yourself, the more patience you have for what you see in others-dd- Erik Erikson . There is something hugely civilised about allowing long pauses in a conversation-dd- Very few people can stand that kind of silence-dd- James Robertson . Tolerance is nothing more than patience with boundaries-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Laws alone can not secure freedom of expression; in order that every man present his views without penalty there must be spirit of tolerance in the entire population-dd- Albert Einstein . Other people can’t cause us to be impatient unless we let them do so-dd- In other words, others don’t make us impatient-dd- We make ourselves impatient, through our expectations and demands, fixated attachments and stuckness-dd- Lama Surya Das . It is not for me to judge another man’s life-dd- I must judge, I must choose, I must spurn, purely for myself-dd- For myself, alone-dd- Hermann Hesse . Patience is when you’re supposed to be mad but you choose to understand-dd- Unknown . Men build too many walls and not enough bridges-dd- Joseph Fort Newton . Tolerance is giving to every other human being every right that you claim for yourself-dd- Robert Green Ingersoll . Tolerance is the oil which takes the friction out of life-dd- Wilbert E-dd- Scheer . Trying to understand is like straining through muddy water-dd- Have the patience to wait-xx- Be still and allow the mud to settle-dd- Lao Tzu . To understand the true quality of people, you must look into their minds, and examine their pursuits and aversions-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The only thing that isn’t worthless: to live this life out truthfully and rightly-dd- And be patient with those who don’t-dd- Marcus Aurelius . A boxer derives the greatest advantage from his sparring partner – and my accuser is my sparring partner-dd- He trains me in patience, civility and even temper-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Learn to see – accustoming the eye to calm, to patience, to letting-things-come-to-it; learning to defer judgment, to encircle and encompass the question on all sides-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . In the end we are always rewarded for our good will, our patience, fair-mindedness, and gentleness with what is strange-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The funny thing about the heart is a soft heart is a strong heart, and a hard heart is a weak heart-dd- Criss Jami . Acceptance and tolerance and forgiveness, those are life-altering lessons-dd- Jessica Lange . Tolerance can lead to learning something-dd- Jakob Dylan . Most great people have attained their greatest success one step beyond their greatest failure-dd- Napoleon Hill . What’s coming will come and we’ll meet it when it does-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden-dd- Seneca . Nothing happens to any man that he is not formed by nature to bear-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Even a snail will eventually reach its destination-dd- Gail Tsukiyama . Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness-dd- It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity-dd- Carl Jung . Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace-dd- God is awake-dd- Victor Hugo . Faith is not simply a patience that passively suffers until the storm is past-dd- Rather, it is a spirit that bears things – with resignations, yes, but above all, with blazing, serene hope-dd- Corazon Aquino . One who is patient glows with an inner radiance-dd- Allan Lokos . Someday, everything will make perfect sense-dd- So for now, laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears, and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason-dd- Unknown . Inner peace is impossible without patience-dd- Wisdom requires patience-dd- Spiritual growth implies the mastery of patience-dd- Patience allows the unfolding of destiny to proceed at its won unhurried pace-dd- Brian L-dd- Weiss . Have patience with everything that remains unsolved in your heart-dd- Try to love the questions themselves, like locked rooms and like books written in a foreign language-dd- Do not now look for the answers-dd- They cannot now be given to you because you could not live them-dd- It is a question of experiencing everything-dd- At present you need to live the question-dd- Perhaps you will gradually, without even noticing it, find yourself experiencing the answer, some distant day-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . When you encounter various trials, big or small, be full of joy-dd- They’re opportunities to learn patience-dd- Scott Curran . Take a rest: a field that has rested gives a beautiful crop-dd- Ovid . Everything comes gradually and at its appointed hour-dd- Ovid . Patience is not simply the ability to wait – it’s how we behave while we’re waiting-dd- Joyce Meyer . Be worthy love, and love will come-dd- Louisa May Alcott . An alternative to love is not hate but patience-dd- Santosh Kalwar . Quietly endure, silently suffer and patiently wait-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Patience is the mark of true love-dd- If you truly love someone, you will be more patient with that person-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Waiting and hoping is a hard thing to do when you’ve already been waiting and hoping for almost as long as you can bear it-dd- Jenny Nimmo . I hate waiting-dd- But if it’s waiting for you I’ll wait-dd- Unknown . Good relationships don’t just happen-dd- They take time, patience, and two people who truly want to be together-dd- Unknown . Waiting is painful-dd- Forgetting is painful-dd- But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering-dd- Paulo Coelho . Patience is supported and nurtured by a quality of forgiveness-dd- Allan Lokos . Love is patient, love is kind-dd- It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud-dd- It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs-dd- Corinthians 13:4-5 . The most inefficient and self-harming thing a person can do is go out looking for love-dd- Let it find you when the time is right and you’re out doing what you love to do-dd- Only then will you find it in its truest form-dd- A-dd-J-dd- Darkholme . God will bring the right person into your life at the right time-dd- Always believe that-xx- If they are not there, God isn’t finished yet-xx- Shannon L-dd- Alder . To say that one waits a lifetime for his soulmate to come around is a paradox-dd- People eventually get sick of waiting, take a chance on someone, and by the art of commitment become soulmates, which takes a lifetime to perfect-dd- Criss Jami . Humility and patience are the surest proofs of the increase of love-dd- John Wesley . If you’re not too long, I will wait for you all my life-dd- Oscar Wilde . Perfect love is perfectly patient-dd- Neal A-dd- Maxwell . Fortune and love favor the brave-dd- Ovid . All human power is a compound of time and patience-dd- Honore de Balzac . Patience attracts happiness; it brings near that which is far-dd- Swahili proverb . Life was always a matter of waiting for the right moment to act-dd- Paulo Coelho . Learn what can, and cannot, be asked from destiny-dd- Janet Morris . If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished-qq- Rumi . Experience has taught me this, that we undo ourselves by impatience-dd- Misfortunes have their life and their limits, their sickness and their health-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Good character is not formed in a week or a month-dd- It is created little by little, day by day-dd- Protracted and patient effort is needed to develop good character-dd- Heraclitus . Every man must patiently bide his time-dd- He must wait – not in listless idleness but in constant, steady, cheerful endeavors, always willing and fulfilling and accomplishing his task, that when the occasion comes he may be equal to the occasion-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . Two things define you: Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything-dd- Unknown . Part 1-dd- The best teachers have showed me that things have to be done bit by bit-dd- Nothing that means anything happens quickly – we only think it does-dd- Joseph Bruchac . Part 2-dd- The motion of drawing back a bow and sending an arrow straight into a target takes only a split second, but it is a skill many years in the making-dd- So it is with a life, anyone’s life-dd- Joseph Bruchac . Part 3-dd- I may list things that might be described as my accomplishments in these few pages, but they are only shadows of the larger truth, fragments separated from the whole cycle of becoming-dd- Joseph Bruchac . There is a slowness in affairs which ripens them, and a slowness which rots them-dd- Joseph Roux . Without patience, we will learn less in life-dd- We will see less-dd- We will feel less-dd- We will hear less-dd- Ironically, rush and more usually mean less-dd- Mother Teresa . Some people can never understand that you have to wait, even for the best of things, until the right time comes-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Patience is not the ability to wait-dd- Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . The sea does not reward those who are too anxious, too greedy, or too impatient-dd- One should lie empty, open, choiceless as a beach-waiting for a gift from the sea-dd- Anne Morrow Lindbergh . The first lesson to learn is to resign oneself to the little difficulties in life, not to hit out at everything one comes up against-dd- If one were able to manage this one would not need to cultivate great power; even one’s presence would be healing-dd- Hazrat Inayat Khan . Patience is a key that unlocks the door to a more fulfilling life-dd- It is through a cultivation of patience that we become better parents, powerful teachers, great businessmen, good friends, and a live a happier life-dd- Steve Maraboli . Learning patience can be a difficult experience, but once conquered you will find life is easier-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . Be patient with yourself-dd- Self-growth is tender; it’s holy ground-dd- There’s no greater investment-dd- Stephen Covey . Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent-dd- Billy Graham . It shows a brave and resolute spirit not to be agitated in exciting circumstances-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Whoever is patient has great understanding, but one who is quick-tempered displays folly-dd- Proverbs 14:29 . Learn to stand back when the time is not yet ripe and to strike fiercely when it has reached fruition-dd- Robert Greene . Patience, n-dd- A minor form of despair, disguised as a virtue-dd- Ambrose Bierce . A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough-dd- Bruce Lee . The best cure for anger is delay-dd- Seneca . Defeat is simply a signal to press onward-dd- Helen Keller . Patience is the direct antithesis of anger-dd- Allan Lokos . The Lord is compassionate and gracious, slow to anger, abounding in love-dd- Psalm 103:8 . Haste is of the Devil-dd- St-dd- Jerome . Impatience is the mark of independence, not of bondage-dd- Marianne Moore . Take time for all things: great haste makes great waste-dd- Benjamin Franklin . The world is more malleable than you think and it’s waiting for you to hammer it into shape-dd- Bono . Why should we be in such desperate haste to succeed, and in such desperate enterprises-qq- If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time-dd- We are the ones we’ve been waiting for-dd- We are the change that we seek-dd- Barack Obama . Patience is a virtue, but there comes a moment when you must stop being patient and take the day by the throat and shake it-dd- If it fights back; fine-dd- I’d rather end up bloody at the end of the day, then unhurt with no progress made, no knowledge gained-dd- I’d rather have a no, then nothing-dd- Laurell K-dd- Hamilton . Alas, impatience is but another form of unhappiness-dd- It is true, it is true-dd- I have never met a happy impatient person-dd- Richelle E-dd- Goodrich . Impatience only makes you look weak-dd- It is a principal impediment to power-dd- Robert Greene . This is one more piece of advice I have for you: don’t get impatient-dd- Even if things are so tangled up you can’t do anything, don’t get desperate or blow a fuse and start yanking on one particular thread before it’s ready to come undone-dd- You have to realize it’s going to be a long process and that you’ll work on things slowly, one at a time-dd- Haruki Murakami . You can tell the greatness of someone by what makes them angry-dd- Abraham Lincoln . No, no-xx- The adventures first, explanations take such a dreadful time-dd- Lewis Carroll . Time, the devourer of all time-dd- Ovid . Beware the fury of a patient man-dd- John Dryden . Vengeance is disappointing, always-dd- Janet Morris . Impatience is the cardinal sin of youth-dd- M-dd-T-dd- Bass . To be impatient is to be hooked on the future-dd- Gerald Jampolsky . Truth is confirmed by inspection and delay; falsehood by haste and uncertainty-dd- Tacitus . Quick decisions are unsafe decisions-dd- Sophocles . I’m tired of being treated like a second-class citizen-dd- Rosa Parks . Don’t wait-dd- The time will never be just right-dd- Napoleon Hill . Once you choose hope, anything’s possible-dd- Christopher Reeve . Remember no man is really defeated unless he is discouraged-dd- Bruce Lee . It is a rough road that leads to the heights of greatness-dd- Seneca . Be completely humble and gentle; be patient, bearing with one another in love-dd- Ephesians 4:2 . Fear is the glue that keeps you stuck-dd- Faith is the solvent that sets you free-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . A man of courage is also full of faith-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . The keys to patience are acceptance and faith-dd- Accept things as they are, and look realistically at the world around you-dd- Have faith in yourself and in the direction you have chosen-dd- Ralph Marston . Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer-dd- Romans 12:12 . Let us not become weary in doing good, for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up-dd- Galatians 6:9 . But if we hope for what we do not yet have, we wait for it patiently-dd- Romans 8:25 . You never know what’s around the corner-dd- It could be everything-dd- Or it could be nothing-dd- You keep putting one foot in front of the other, and then one day you look back and you’ve climbed a mountain-dd- Tom Hiddleston . God answers when you least expect it-dd- Unknown . Patience with others is love-dd- Patience with self is hope-dd- Patience with God is faith-dd- Unknown . Be patient because things will get better-dd- It may be stormy now, but it never rains forever-dd- Unknown . Keep the faith-dd- The most amazing things in life tend to happen right at the moment you’re about to give up hope-dd- Unknown . The wisest are the most annoyed at the loss of time-dd- Dante Alighieri . If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Let nothing disturb you, let nothing frighten you-dd- All things are passing away: God never changes-dd- Patience obtains all things-dd- Whoever has God lacks nothing; God alone suffices-dd- Teresa Of Avila . The work that God does in us when we wait is usually more important than the thing for which we wait-xx- Erwin W-dd- Lutzer . At the bottom of patience one finds heaven-dd- Kanuri saying . It will happen but it will take time-dd- John Bowlby . Work and wait, work and wait is what God says to us in creation-dd- Josiah Gilbert Holland . Hope is patience with the lamp lit-dd- Tertullian . My hopes are not always realized but I always hope-dd- Ovid . But the one who stands firm to the end will be saved-dd- Matthew 24:13 . Nothing is hopeless; we must hope for everything-dd- Euripides . Better a patient person than a warrior, one with self-control than one who takes a city-dd- Proverbs 16:32 . Silence is true wisdom’s best reply-dd- Euripides . No man is free who is not master of himself-dd- Epictetus . He who is contented is rich-dd- Lao Tzu . The nearer a man comes to a calm mind, the closer he is to strength-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The measure of wisdom is how calm you are when facing any given situation-dd- Naval Ravikant . The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil-dd- Cicero . To be calm is the highest achievement of the self-dd- Zen proverb . Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace-dd- Buddha . The less you want, the richer you are-dd- Yanni . Neither seek nor avoid, take what comes-dd- Swami Vivekananda . The best fighter is never angry-dd- Lao Tzu . Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace-dd- Robert J-dd- Sawyer . To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden-dd- Seneca . A rational person can find peace by cultivating indifference to things outside of their control-dd- Naval Ravikant . Peace only comes from accepting the inevitable and taming our desires-dd- The Ancient Sage . Remain calm in every situation because peace equals power-dd- Joyce Meyer . Be happy now-dd- Feel good now-dd- That’s the only thing you have to do-dd- Rhonda Byrne . No matter how busy you are, carve out time in your day to get calm, to think, to reflect, to be present-dd- Maria Shriver . Don’t hope that events will turn out the way you want, welcome events in whichever way they happen: this is the path to peace-dd- Epictetus . Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them-dd- Epictetus . Receive without pride, let go without attachment-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The mind freed from passions is an impenetrable fortress — a person has no more secure place of refuge for all time-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Fate leads the willing, and drags along the reluctant-dd- Seneca . Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind-dd- Christian D-dd- Larson . A calm and modest life brings more happiness than the pursuit of success combined with constant restlessness-dd- Albert Einstein . Anyone who enjoys inner peace is no more broken by failure than he is inflated by success-dd- Matthieu Ricard . Let them be right, if that’s what they need-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . This is my secret-dd- I don’t mind what happens-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . They call it “peace of mind” but maybe it should be called “peace from mind”-dd- Naval Ravikant . A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but if he is peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise-dd- Buddha . There is “what is” only when there is no comparison at all, and to live with what is, is to be peaceful-dd- Bruce Lee . Those who are possessed by nothing possess everything-dd- Morihei Ueshiba . Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know-dd- Pema Chödrön (This is one of my favorite inner peace quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Inner peace is like a clean and spacious room, empty of unnecessary, old, or broken stuff-dd- Remez Sasson . Peace is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it-dd- Unknown . Inner peace is beyond victory or defeat-dd- Bhagavad Gita . True peace cannot be achieved by force or by merely invoking the word “peace-dd-” It can only be attained by training the mind and learning to cultivate inner peace-dd- Peace is a calm and gentle state of mind-dd- 17th Karmapa . Peace-dd- It does not mean to be in a place where there is no noise, trouble or hard work-dd- It means to be in the midst of those things and still be calm in your heart-dd- Unknown . Peace is the result of retraining your mind to process life as it is, rather than as you think it should be-dd- Wayne W-dd- Dyer . Peace of mind is that mental condition in which you have accepted the worst-dd- Lin Yutang . There is nothing permanent except change-dd- Heraclitus . Today I escaped from the crush of circumstances, or better put, I threw them out, for the crush wasn’t from outside me but in my own assumptions-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Mastering others is strength, mastering yourself is true power-dd- Lao Tzu . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves-dd- Dalai Lama . Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Fearlessness presupposes calmness and peace of mind-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Anything is possible when you have inner peace-dd- Master Shifu (Kung Fu Panda) . Forgiveness equals inner peace – more peaceful people equals more world peace-dd- Richard Branson . Nothing can bring you peace but yourself-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Nothing external to you has any power over you-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . If you’ve got a world full of people who have inner peace, then you have a peaceful world-dd- Wayne W-dd- Dyer . It is inner stillness that will save and transform the world-dd- Eckhart Tolle . We don’t realize that, somewhere within us all, there does exist a supreme self who is eternally at peace-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . Empty your mind, be formless, shapeless, like water-dd- Bruce Lee . Once you have accepted your flaws no one can use them against you-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game Of Thrones) . A wise man never loses anything if he have himself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Patience is the companion of wisdom-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop-dd- Ovid . If you’re going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston Churchill . Freedom from desire leads to inner peace-dd- Lao Tzu . Only the educated are free-dd- Epictetus . Pray, hope and don’t worry-dd- Padre Pio . When in doubt, chill out-dd- Tim Fargo . Wisdom yields calmness-dd- Paul Graham . Stress is a choice-dd- So is inner peace-dd- Lewis Howes . The real battle is within – always in the present moment-dd- Stephen Hanselman . Control what you can-dd- Ignore the rest-dd- Eric Barker . Silence is sometimes the best answer-dd- Dalai Lama . It’s a nice feeling to just be-dd- Pema Chödrön . You are the sky-dd- Everything else – it’s just the weather-dd- Pema Chödrön . Slow down, life is long-dd- Naval Ravikant . Not everything requires a response-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Make your heart a zone of peace-dd- Jack Kornfield . Be happy where you are-dd- Unknown . Learn to sit back and observe, not everything needs a reaction-dd- Unknown . Storms don’t last forever-dd- Unknown . No one can get inner peace by pouncing on it-dd- Harry Emerson Fosdick . Be — don’t try to become-dd- Osho . Life begins where fear ends-dd- Osho . Wherever you go, there you are-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . To enjoy the rainbow first enjoy the rain-dd- Paulo Coelho . First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do-dd- Epictetus . Man conquers the world by conquering himself-dd- Zeno of Citium . It is inner stillness that will save and transform the world-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Remember the entrance to the sanctuary is inside you-dd- Rumi . You find peace not by rearranging the circumstances of your life, but by realizing who you are at the deepest level-dd- Eckhart Tolle . If a man can reduce his needs to zero, he is truly free: there is nothing that can be taken from him; nothing can hurt him-dd- John Boyd . Slow down-dd- Calm down-dd- Don’t worry-dd- Don’t hurry-dd- Trust the process-dd- Alexandra Stoddard . The answer lies within ourselves-dd- If we can’t find peace and happiness there, it’s not going to come from the outside-dd- Tenzin Palmo . Surrender to what is-dd- Let go of what was-dd- Have faith in what will be-dd- Sonia Ricotti . It takes a lot of courage to push through hard times-dd- Never give up-dd- Good things are coming your way-dd- Unknown . Be the calm, centered version of yourself-dd- This is the most productive and inspiring version-dd- Unknown . Acquire inner peace and a multitude will find their salvation near you-dd- Catherine de Hueck Doherty . Don’t try to have it all figured out all the time-dd- Half of my journey has been learning to own up to my flaws and mistakes with a sense of humor and grace for myself-dd- Mel Robbins . An arrow can only be shot by pulling it backward-dd- So when life is dragging you back with difficulties, it means that it’s going to launch you into something great-dd- So just focus, and keep aiming-dd- Paulo Coelho . If you only walk on sunny days you’ll never reach your destination-dd- Paulo Coelho . Don’t let the silly little dramas of each day get you down-dd- For you are here to do great things-dd- Ralph Marston . By going within-dd- Nowhere you can go is more peaceful — more free of interruptions — than your own soul-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Be not afraid of anything-dd- You will do marvelous work-dd- It is fearlessness that brings Heaven even in a moment-dd- Swami Vivekananda . When the mind is calm, how quickly, how smoothly, how beautifully you will perceive everything-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . If you can win over your mind, you can win over the whole world-dd- Sri Sri Ravi Shankar . Calm down and cheer up – You’re equipped to handle it-dd- Joyce Meyer . Do your best, and then let life do the rest-dd- Robin Sharma . For peace of mind, we need to resign as general manager of the universe-dd- Larry Eisenberg . He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at-dd- Epictetus . Anyone can steer the ship when the sea is calm-dd- Publilius Syrus . Be patient and calm; no one can catch a fish with anger-dd- Herbert Hoover . For fast-acting relief, try slowing down-dd- Lily Tomlin . Worries are pointless-dd- If there’s a solution, there’s no need to worry-dd- If no solution exists, there’s no point to worry-dd- Matthieu Ricard . Observe things as they are and don’t pay attention to other people-dd- There are some people just like mad dogs barking at everything that moves, even barking when the wind stirs among the grass and leaves-dd- Huang Po . Be like a duck-dd- Remain calm on the surface and paddle like crazy underneath-dd- Michael Caine . You cannot find peace by avoiding life-dd- Virginia Woolf . The only thing that belongs to us is the time-dd- Seneca . The difficulty comes from our lack of confidence-dd- Seneca . The next message you need is always right where you are-dd- Ram Dass . Everything that upsets you has its source in an assumed identity-dd- Your true self is eternally at peace-dd- Deepak Chopra . Don’t hope that events will turn out the way you want, welcome events in whichever way they happen: this is the path to peace-dd- Epictetus . Who is your master-qq- Anyone who has control over things upon which you’ve set your heart, or over things which you seek to avoid-dd- Epictetus . The chief task in life is simply this: to identify and separate matters so that I can say clearly to myself which are externals not under my control, and which have to do with the choices I actually control-dd- Epictetus . Everything turns on your assumptions about it, and that’s on you-dd- You can pluck out the hasty judgment at will, and like steering a ship around the point, you will find calm seas, fair weather and a safe port-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Discard your misperceptions-dd- Stop being jerked like a puppet-dd- Limit yourself to the present-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Let us meet with bravery whatever may befall us-dd- Let us never feel a shudder at the thought of being wounded or of being made a prisoner, or of poverty or persecution-dd- Seneca . Inner peace doesn’t come from getting what we want, but from remembering who we are-dd- Marianne Williamson . When we are unable to find tranquility within ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves-dd- Viktor Frankl . Reality is neutral-dd- Our reactions reflect back and create our world-dd- Judge, and feel separate and lonely-dd- Anger, and lose peace of mind-dd- Cling, and live in anxiety-dd- Fantasize, and miss the present-dd- Desire, and suffer until you have it-dd- Heaven and hell are right here, right now-dd- Naval Ravikant . If you ever want to have peace in your life, you have to move beyond good and evil-dd- Naval Ravikant . The enemy of peace of mind is expectations drilled into you by society and other people-dd- Naval Ravikant . Life is full of suffering-dd- Yes-dd- Why should it be otherwise-qq- Embrace-dd- Endure-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Peace and quiet makes room for real contemplation-dd- Contemplation allows the truth to emerge-dd- Facing the truth would force us to transform-dd- This is why we detest peace and quiet-dd- This is why we sacrifice every quiet moment to trivial distraction-dd- The Stoic Emperor . If you’re invested in security and certainty, you are on the wrong planet-dd- Pema Chödrön . No thought, no mind, no choice — just being silent, rooted in yourself-dd- Osho . It is in changing that we find purpose-dd- Heraclitus . Manifest plainness, embrace simplicity, reduce selfishness, have few desires-dd- Lao Tzu . Few things are brought to a successful issue by impetuous desire, but most by calm and prudent forethought-dd- Thucydides . Virtue alone affords everlasting and peace – giving joy-dd- Seneca . How does it help… to make troubles heavier by bemoaning them-qq- Seneca . No state is so bitter that a calm mind cannot find in it some consolation-dd- Seneca . Accept what is necessary with a calm spirit-dd- What happens that is new or beyond belief-qq- Seneca . You always own the option of having no opinion-dd- There is never any need to get worked up or to trouble your soul about things you can’t control-dd- These things are not asking to be judged by you-dd- Leave them alone-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Stick with the situation at hand, and ask, “Why is this so unbearable-qq- Why can’t I endure it-qq-” You’ll be embarrassed to answer-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Some things are in our control and others not-dd- Things in our control are opinion, pursuit, desire, aversion, and, in a word, whatever are our own actions-dd- Epictetus . Peace of mind comes from knowing that this too shall pass and good progress comes from good habits-dd- Brendon Burchard . Be selective with your battles-dd- Sometimes peace is better than being right-dd- Unknown . There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience-dd- French proverb . Enough is as good as a feast-dd- English proverb . Tension is who you think you should be-dd- Relaxation is who you are-dd- Chinese proverb . If there is light in the soul, there will be beauty in the person-dd- If there is beauty in the person, there will be harmony in the house-dd- If there is harmony in the house, there will be order in the nation-dd- If there is order in the nation, there will be peace in the world-dd- Chinese proverb . Before enlightenment – chop wood, carry water-dd- After enlightenment – chop wood, carry water-dd- Zen Buddhist proverb . We try to fix the outside so much, but our control of the outer world is limited, temporary, and often, illusory-dd- Matthieu Ricard . When you’re in the weeds, all you can see is the process of doing the work-dd- When you take a step back, you can see the purpose-dd- Adam Grant . No one else ‘makes us angry-dd-’ We make ourselves angry when we surrender control of our attitude-dd- Jim Rohn . The best entrepreneurs aren’t frazzled; they’re not tactic chasers-dd- They’re calm-dd- They’re systematic & they learn to say no-dd- Ramit Sethi . Less busy, more focus-dd- Less news, more art-dd- Less complaint, more appreciation-dd- Less noise, more peace-dd- Less hate-dd- More love-dd- Robin Sharma . You can’t calm the storm so stop trying-dd- What you can do is calm yourself-dd- The storm will pass-dd- Zig Ziglar . When we are foolish, we want to conquer the world-dd- When we are wise, we want to conquer ourselves-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Never waste valuable time or mental peace of mind on the affairs of others – that is too high a price to pay-dd- Robert Greene . I once asked a monk how he found peace-dd- “I say ‘yes'” he’d said-dd- “To all that happens, I say ‘yes'”-dd- Naval Ravikant . Expectations end in frustrations-dd- Hopes lead to despair-dd- Desires result in disappointments-dd- Blessed is the man who is free of illusions and in peace with reality-dd- The Ancient Sage . Short-term thinking makes people desperate, ungenerous, impulsive-dd- Long-term thinking makes people calm, gracious, controlled-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Be wary of those who gain a reputation of genius from calm seas-dd- Shane Parrish . Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly-dd- Epictetus . If there is to be any peace it will come through being, not having-dd- Henry Miller . Happiness depends upon ourselves-dd- Aristotle . Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly-dd- Epictetus . He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has-dd- Epictetus . No man can have a peaceful life who thinks too much about lengthening it-dd- Seneca . Expecting is the greatest impediment to living-dd- In anticipation of tomorrow, it loses today-dd- Seneca . The greatest obstacle to living is expectancy… What are you looking at-qq- To what goal are you straining-qq- The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately-dd- Seneca . Happiness is a state of inner fulfillment, not the gratification of inexhaustible desires for outward things-dd- Matthieu Ricard . Be content with what you have, rejoice in the way things are-dd- When you realise there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you-dd- Lao Tzu . Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes-dd- Don’t resist them; that only creates sorrow-dd- Let reality be reality-dd- Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like-dd- Lao Tzu . True happiness is to understand our duties toward God and man; to enjoy the present without anxious dependence upon the future; not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears, but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is abundantly sufficient-dd- Seneca . Don’t set your mind on things you don’t possess as if they were yours, but count the blessings you actually possess and think how much you would desire them if they weren’t already yours-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Happiness and freedom begin with a clear understanding of one principle-dd- Some things are within your control-dd- And some things are not-dd- Epictetus . The price of self-knowledge and calm is hardship and suffering-dd- This produces the kind of freedom that money cannot buy, power cannot touch and fame has nothing to do with-dd- Thomas Reynolds . The life of inner peace, being harmonious and without stress, is the easiest type of existence-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Your mistakes are part of your story-dd- Imagine how boring life would be without them-dd- Mel Robbins . 20 years of anxiety and panic attacks were a huge blessing for me, without it I wouldn’t appreciate the peace of mind I have now-dd- Mel Robbins . We need to reclaim our power and realize that we’re in charge of our time, our happiness, and our inner peace-dd- Marie Forleo . Happy is he who owes nothing-dd- Roman proverb . Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace-dd- Mike Ditka . When you can maintain peace and joy within you despite any situation on the outside, you have become the master of everything-dd- Rhonda Byrne . You don’t always need a plan-dd- Sometimes you need to breathe, calm down, look around, and improvise-dd- Creativity is the key of life-dd- Paulo Coelho . You have to protect your peace-dd- You weren’t created to live worried, upset and on edge-dd- Joel Osteen . Life is about laughing and living in good and bad times-dd- Getting through whatever comes our way and looking back with a smile-dd- Unknown . I am in charge of how I feel and today I am choosing happiness-dd- Unknown . It is important to expect nothing, to take every experience, including the negative ones, as merely steps on the path, and to proceed-dd- Ram Dass . There will be calmness when one is free from external objects and is not perturbed-dd- Bruce Lee . Desire is a contract that you make with yourself to be unhappy until you get what you want-dd- Naval Ravikant . All the elements for your happiness are already here-dd- There is no need to run, strive, search, or struggle-dd- Just Be-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Peace is every step-dd- It turns the endless path to joy-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Learn only how to avoid seeking for and attaching yourselves to anything-dd- Huang Po . Happiness can exist only in acceptance-dd- George Orwell . People of the deepest understanding look within, distracted by nothing-dd- Bodhidharma . A more worthy pursuit than wealth: Inner peace-dd- Naval Ravikant . You will be attacked for doing the right thing-dd- Do it anyway-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Within you, there is a stillness and a sanctuary to which you can retreat at any time and be yourself-dd- Hermann Hesse . Sometimes amid all the chaos you have to calm yourself, go within, ask what’s important, breathe-dd- Brendon Burchard . On average, the deeper people’s knowledge of a topic, the more calmly they talk about it-dd- Paul Graham . Building mental strength won’t make you win every time-dd- But it’ll give you peace of mind to know you can handle losing-dd- Amy Morin . Mental strength and inner peace go hand in hand-dd- Mentally strong people are confident that they can handle whatever life throws their way-dd- Amy Morin . You will continue to suffer if you have an emotional reaction to everything that is said to you-dd- True power is sitting back and observing everything with logic; true power is restraint-dd- If words control you that means everyone else can control you; breathe and allow things to pass-dd- Unknown . Remember in life that your duties are the sum of individual acts-dd- Pay attention to each of these as you do your duty… just methodically complete your task-dd- Marcus Aurelius . When you stay calm in the midst of the storm, you will feel a peace that passes all understanding-dd- Joel Osteen . In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you-dd- Deepak Chopra . Learn to relax-dd- Your body is precious, as it houses your mind and spirit-dd- Inner peace begins with a relaxed body-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . The silver lining is that we grow the most during periods of suffering-dd- This is the time to try new techniques for finding inner peace and cultivating the one that works best for you-dd- Naval Ravikant . Calm in quietude is not real calm-dd- When you can be calm in the midst of activity, this is the true state of nature-dd- Huanchu Daoren . Life is a storm that will test you unceasingly-dd- Don’t wait for calm waters that may not arrive-dd- Derive purpose from resilience-dd- Learn to sail the raging sea-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Usually we think that brave people have no fear-dd- The truth is that they are intimate with fear-dd- Pema Chödrön . Whoever is in a hurry shows that the thing he is about is too big for him-dd- Lord Chesterfield . Worrying does not take away tomorrow’s troubles-dd- It takes away today’s peace-dd- Randy Armstrong . Remind yourself that you don’t have to do what everyone else is doing-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Don’t tie yourself to small mindedness, it will steal your well-being-dd- Unknown . He that does good to another does good also to himself-dd- Seneca . This is what my soul is telling me, be peaceful and love everyone-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Love and peace should be our highest aspirations-dd- Richard Branson . Inner peace begins the moment you choose not to allow another person or event to control your emotions-dd- Pema Chödrön . Any person capable of angering you becomes your master-dd- Epictetus . I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion-dd- These three are your greatest treasures-dd- Lao Tzu . Acceptance and tolerance and forgiveness, those are life-altering lessons-dd- Jessica Lange . Forgiveness is the key to inner peace because it is the mental technique by which our thoughts are transformed from fear to love-dd- Marianne Williamson . Sometimes all you have to do is be quiet and listen, stay present and calm amid the storms, be the energy of love rather than trying to corral it-dd- Brendon Burchard . Because we are all one when we forgive others we forgive ourselves, which is the first step in the healing process-dd- Unknown . People who let go of grudges understand the value of inner peace-dd- There’s no reason to be bitter or angry when you can just move on and be happy-dd- Unknown . Learning to ignore certain people is one of the great paths to inner peace-dd- Life gets easier when you delete those who make it difficult-dd- Unknown . When you choose to forgive those who have hurt you, you take away their power-dd- Unknown . Forgive them, even when they are not sorry-dd- Unknown . Know that you forgive, not because the other deserves it-dd- You forgive because you deserve peace-dd- Deepak Chopra . No happiness without gratitude; no peace without forgiveness; no transformation without self-accountability-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . Grudges are for those who insist that they are owed something; forgiveness, however, is for those who are substantial enough to move on-dd- Criss Jami . Are you willing to take on the role of a peacemaker-qq- Are you willing to be the first one to say, “I’m sorry”-qq- Joyce Meyer . Life’s just too short not to forgive-dd- A clean heart brings priceless fortunes-dd- Robin Sharma . Never to wrong others takes one a long way towards peace of mind… A guilty person sometimes has the luck to escape detection, but never to feel sure of it-dd- Seneca . Forgive the people that did you wrong-dd- They hurt you once; don’t let them continue to hurt you-dd- They can’t stop your destiny unless you allow them to-dd- You’re not forgiving for their sake; you’re forgiving for your sake-dd- Joel Osteen . If you don’t have enough peace and understanding and loving-kindness within yourself, your actions will not truly be for peace-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If you really want peace on earth, create peace in your heart, in your being-dd- That is the right place to begin with and then spread-dd- Osho . Reason lost the battle, and all I could do was surrender and accept I was in love-dd- Paulo Coelho . Anyone who has lost something they thought was theirs forever finally comes to realise that nothing really belongs to them-dd- Paulo Coelho . If you’re brave enough to say goodbye, life will reward you with a new hello-dd- Paulo Coelho . Forgiveness is not an occasional act: it is an attitude-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind-dd- Zen proverb . Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others-dd- Gerald G-dd- Jampolsky . Let us train our minds to desire what the situation demands-dd- Seneca . It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable-dd- Seneca . Quiet the mind, and the soul will speak-dd- Ma Jaya Sati Bhagavati . As long as a sense of self-importance rules your being, you will never know lasting peace-dd- Matthieu Ricard . If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place-dd- Lao Tzu . Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner-dd- Lao Tzu . Your calm mind is your ultimate weapon against your challenges-dd- So relax-dd- Bryant McGill . Your thoughts are not the real you-dd- Learn to identify, then control your negative thoughts-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Remember happiness doesn’t depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think-dd- Dale Carnegie . You will continue to suffer if you have an emotional reaction to everything that is said to you-dd- True power is sitting back and observing everything with logic; true power is restraint-dd- If words control you that means everyone else can control you; breathe and allow things to pass-dd- Unknown . The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Run your brain in debug mode and realize that thinking raises anxiety and lowers happiness-dd- Naval Ravikant . Meditation is not a way of making your mind quiet-dd- It is a way of entering into the quiet that is already there – buried under the 50,000 thoughts the average person thinks every day-dd- Deepak Chopra . Leave your front and back door open-dd- Allow your thoughts to come and go-dd- Just don’t serve them tea-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . To quieten the mind is no trivial matter-dd- A quiet mind means less worry because mind is the generator of worry-dd- Your external circumstances might be perfect yet you will not attain peace until you silence your mind-dd- Mind is the cause of worry, not external circumstances-dd- The Ancient Sage . A contented mind is the greatest blessing a man can enjoy in this world-dd- Joseph Addison . There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm-dd- Willa Cather . The ignorant eschew phenomena but not thought; the wise eschew thought but not phenomena-dd- Huang Po . All the things that truly matter — beauty, love, creativity, joy, inner peace — arise from beyond the mind-dd- Eckhart Tolle . If you want peace, stop fighting-dd- If you want peace of mind, stop fighting with your thoughts-dd- Peter McWilliams . You have two choices: to control your mind or to let your mind control you-dd- Paulo Coelho . Remember this: the pain is all in your head-dd- Ray Dalio . God gives his hardest battles to his strongest soldiers-dd- Unknown . With God’s help, I don’t have to be aggravated or frustrated-dd- I can stay calm and hold my peace-dd- Joyce Meyer . God is working on your problem-dd- Stay calm-dd- Stay sweet-dd- Stay out of fear and keep on keeping on-dd- Joyce Meyer . Just relax and let God be God-dd- Joyce Meyer . God is stronger than my circumstances-dd- Zig Ziglar . You don’t look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you-dd- Alan W-dd- Watts . Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun-dd- Alan W-dd- Watts . Spirituality is not to be learned by flight from the world, or by running away from things, or by turning solitary and going apart from the world-dd- Rather, we must learn an inner solitude wherever or with whomsoever we may be-dd- We must learn to penetrate things and find God there-dd- Meister Eckhart . We spend a great deal of time telling God what we think should be done, and not enough time waiting in the stillness for God to tell us what to do-dd- Peace Pilgrim . You keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on you, because he trusts in you-dd- Isaiah 26:3 . I am leaving you with a gift—peace of mind and heart-dd- And the peace I give is a gift the world cannot give-dd- So don’t be troubled or afraid-dd- John 14:27 . With his love, he will calm all your fears-dd- He will rejoice over you with joyful songs-dd- Zephaniah 3:17 . He is a mighty savior-dd- He will take delight in you with gladness-dd- Zephaniah 3:17 . The lord himself will fight for you-dd- Just stay calm-dd- Exodus 14:14 . Your goal is not to battle with the mind, but to witness the mind-dd- Swami Muktananda . Meditation stills the wandering mind and establishes us forever in a state of peace-dd- Muktananda . Meditation is a silent heart, a peaceful mind which can make life more lovable, more livable-dd- Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh . That is the true function of meditation: to create a space in you where you can be rich, infinitely rich, utterly peaceful, absolutely ecstatic-dd- Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh . You should sit in meditation for 20 minutes a day-dd- Unless you’re too busy; then you should sit one hour-dd- Old Zen Saying . The most powerful thought is a prayerful thought-dd- When I’m praying for you, I am praying for my own peace of mind-dd- I can only have for myself what I am willing to wish for you-dd- Marianne Williamson . The kingdom of God is just behind the darkness of closed eyes, and the first gate that opens to it is your peace-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . The peace of mind that we get from meditation does not fade away-dd- It lasts for good in some corner of the inmost recesses of our aspiring heart-dd- Sri Chinmoy . Meditation is the most powerful antidote to chaos-dd- Given the chaos in the world today, meditators meditating is one of the greatest ways we can be of service-dd- A resonant field of inner peace is the greatest disruptor of all-dd- Marianne Williamson . During times of chaos retreat into your inner peace-dd- Then when you interact with the chaos you will bring with you the power to transform it-dd- Marianne Williamson . Stillness is also inner peace, and that stillness and peace are the essence of your Being-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Be the observer of your mind-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Now is now-dd- Are you going to be here or not-qq- Ram Dass . Truth lies in silence-dd- B-dd- D-dd- Schiers . He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough-dd- Lao Tzu . Calm yourself-dd- Breathe and be present-dd- Important matters need you centered-dd- Brendon Burchard . We should always allow some time to elapse, for time discloses the truth-dd- Seneca . Make peace with your past so it won’t destroy your present-dd- Paulo Coelho . The more you need in order to be happy, the more miserable you’ll be-dd- Yanni . Be the witness of your thoughts-dd- You are what observes, not what you observe-dd- Buddhist proverb . Be a peacemaker in everyday life-dd- Display peace in everything you do-dd- Be peace-dd- Live in peace-dd- Buddhist proverb . The true purpose of Zen is to see things as they are, to observe things as they are, and to let everything go as it goes-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Never be in a hurry; do everything quietly and in a calm spirit-dd- Do not lose your inner peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset-dd- Saint Francis De . Do not look for happiness outside yourself-dd- The awakened seek happiness inside-dd- Peter Deunov . The more chaos there is on the outside, the more important it is to find stillness on the inside-dd- It gives us the power to endure this storm and the power to transform it-dd- Marianne Williamson . You cannot ask the darkness to leave; you must turn on the light-dd- Sogyal Rinpoche . Just slow down-dd- Slow down your speech-dd- Slow down your breathing-dd- Slow down your walking-dd- Slow down your eating-dd- And let this slower, steadier pace perfume your mind-dd- Just slow down-dd- Doko . Not being tense but ready-dd- Not thinking but not dreaming-dd- Not being set but flexible-dd- Liberation from the uneasy sense of confinement-dd- It is being wholly and quietly alive, aware and alert, ready for whatever may come-dd- Bruce Lee . Not till your thoughts cease all their branching here and there, not till you abandon all thoughts of seeking for something, not till your mind is motionless as wood or stone, will you be on the right road to the Gate-dd- Huang Po . Do not permit the events of your daily lives to bind you, but never withdraw yourselves from them-dd- Only by acting thus can you earn the title of ‘A Liberated One’-dd- Huang Po . There is nothing other than this present moment; there is no past, there is no future; there is nothing but this-dd- So when we don’t pay attention to each little this, we miss the whole thing-dd- Charlotte Joko Beck . Misfortune can be minimized, but never eliminated-dd- Life is full of seemingly endless trouble, and then life ends-dd- Peace must be found in the imperfect present-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Whether we’re seeking inner peace or global peace or a combination of the two, the way to experience it is to build on the foundation of unconditional openness to all that arises-dd- Pema Chödrön . Peace isn’t an experience free of challenges, free of rough and smooth, it’s an experience that’s expansive enough to include all that arises without feeling threatened-dd- Pema Chödrön . We are always in transition-dd- If you can just relax with that, you’ll have no problem-dd- Chogyam Trungpa . Your attachments are the source of all your problems-dd- Wayne W-dd- Dyer . When the heart is at peace, “for” and “against” are forgotten-dd- Chuang Tzu . Nothing goes right on the outside when nothing is going right on the inside-dd- Matthieu Ricard . Unless we agree to suffer we cannot be free from suffering-dd- D-dd-T-dd- Suzuki . Home is where you give up looking for something better-dd- Unknown . At every moment keep a sturdy mind on the task at hand, as a Roman and human being, doing it with strict and simple dignity, affection, freedom, and justice — giving yourself a break from all other considerations-dd- You can do this if you approach each task as if it is your last, giving up every distraction, emotional subversion of reason, and all drama, vanity, and complaint over your fair share-dd- You can see how mastery over a few things makes it possible to live an abundant and devout life — for, if you keep watch over these things, the gods won’t ask for more-dd- Marcus Aurelius . When you realize nothing is lacking, the whole world belongs to you-dd- Lao Tzu . Let go, or be dragged-dd- Zen Proverb . What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the small man seeks is in others-dd- Confucius . To seek is to suffer-dd- To seek nothing is bliss-dd- Bodhidharma . Mind is like a mad monkey-dd- Sathya Sai Baba . Wise men don’t judge – they seek to understand-dd- Wei Wu Wei . When thoughts arise, then do all things arise-dd- When thoughts vanish, then do all things vanish-dd- Huang Po . Wherever you are, it’s the place you need to be-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The noble-minded are calm and steady-dd- Little people are forever fussing and fretting-dd- Confucius . Rest and be kind, you don’t have to prove anything-dd- Jack Kerouac . Relax-dd- Nothing is under control-dd- Adi Da . I live by letting things happen-dd- Dogen . Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know-dd- Pema Chödrön . You are exactly where you need to be-dd- Unknown . Only the hand that erases can write the true thing-dd- Meister Eckhart . Before enlightenment; chop wood, carry water-dd- After enlightenment; chop wood, carry water-dd- Buddha . Who you are is always right-dd- Ming-Dao Deng . The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness-dd- Eric Hoffer . The resistance to the unpleasant situation is the root of suffering-dd- Ram Dass . Education breeds confidence-dd- Confidence breeds hope-dd- Hope breeds peace-dd- Confucius . Still your waters-dd- Josh Waitzkin . Relax-dd- Nothing’s missing-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Learn to be comfortable in adversity but most importantly, learn to be comfortable when you’re bored-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If a warrior is not unattached to life and death, he will be of no use whatsoever-dd- Yamamoto Tsunetomo (Hagakure: The Book of the Samurai) . The mind of the beginner is empty, free of the habits of the expert, ready to accept, to doubt, and open to all the possibilities-dd- Shunryu Suzuki (Zen Mind, Beginner’s Mind) . The place to improve the world is first in one’s own heart and head and hands-dd- Robert M-dd- Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance) . Empty your mind, be formless-dd- Shapeless, like water-dd- If you put water into a cup, it becomes the cup-dd- You put water into a bottle and it becomes the bottle-dd- You put it in a teapot, it becomes the teapot-dd- Now, water can flow or it can crash-dd- Be water, my friend-dd- Bruce Lee . If you are depressed, you are living in the past-dd- If you are anxious, you are living in the future-dd- If you are at peace, you are living in the present-dd- Lao Tzu . Do you have the patience to wait until your mud settles and the water is clear-qq- Lao Tzu . Everything that happens to you is a form of instruction if you pay attention-dd- Robert Greene . I don’t mind what happens-dd- That is the essence of inner freedom-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Where can I find a man who has forgotten words so I can talk with him-qq- Zhuangzi . Forget the years, forget distinctions-dd- Leap into the boundless and make it your home-dd- Zhuangzi . Life is a balance of holding on and letting go-dd- Rumi . When we discover that the truth is already in us, we are all at once our original selves-dd- Dogen . When one first seeks the truth, one separates oneself from it-dd- Dogen . Peace of mind is that mental condition in which you have accepted the worst-dd- Lin Yutang . Don’t seek, don’t search, don’t ask, don’t knock, don’t demand – relax-dd- Osho . Wherever you are, be there totally-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Life isn’t as serious as the mind makes it out to be-dd- Eckhart Tolle . And when they played they really played-dd- And when they worked they really worked-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Do not seek the truth, only cease to cherish your opinions-dd- Seng-ts’an . One loses joy and happiness in the attempt to possess them-dd- Masanobu Fukuoka . Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun-dd- Alan Watts . Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone-dd- Alan Watts . Every experience is a lesson-dd- Every loss is a gain-dd- Sathya Sai Baba (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . In Zen we have no gurus-dd- Frederick Lenz . Zen is an effort to become alert and awake-dd- Osho . Zen teaches nothing; it merely enables us to wake up and become aware-dd- It does not teach, it points-dd- D-dd-T-dd- Suzuki . Zen in it’s essence is the art of seeing into the nature of one’s being, and it points the way from bondage to freedom-dd- D-dd-T-dd- Suzuki . The practice of Zen is forgetting the self in the act of uniting with something-dd- Koun Yamada . The true purpose [of Zen] is to see things as they are, to observe things as they are, and to let everything go as it goes-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Zen practice is to open up our small mind-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Zen is not a religion-dd- There is no room for a cult-dd- There is no dependence on a teacher-dd- There is only learning how to use your own mind and making it strong-dd- Frederick Lenz . Zen teaches that if we can open up to the inevitability of our demise, we can begin to transform and lighten up about it-dd- Allen Klein . Zen is a liberation from time-dd- For if we open our eyes and see clearly, it becomes obvious that there is no other time than this instant, and that the past and the future are abstractions without any concrete reality-dd- Alan Watts . Zen is a path of liberation-dd- It liberates you-dd- It is freedom from the first step to the last-dd- You are not required to follow any rules; you are required to find out your own rules and your own life in the light of awareness-dd- Osho . Zen is not some kind of excitement, but concentration on our usual everyday routine-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Zen is not an art, it’s not a religion-dd- It’s a realisation-dd- Gene Clark . To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it-dd- Confucius . If you chase two rabbits, you catch none-dd- Confucius . Do not think you will necessarily be aware of your own enlightenment-dd- Dogen . To study Buddhism is to study ourselves-dd- To study ourselves is to forget ourselves-dd- Dogen . Treat every moment as your last-dd- It is not preparation for something else-dd- Shunryu Suzuki (Zen Mind, Beginner’s Mind) . In the beginner’s mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert’s mind there are few-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . The only Zen you can find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there-dd- Robert M-dd- Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance) . There are only two ways to live your life-dd- One is as if nothing is a miracle-dd- The other is as if everything is a miracle-dd- Albert Einstein . Give a bowl of rice to a man and you will feed him for a day-dd- Teach him how to grow his own rice and you will save his life-dd- Confucius . Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom-dd- Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power-dd- Lao Tzu . Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished-dd- Lao Tzu . If you want others to be happy, practice compassion-dd- If you want to be happy, practice compassion-dd- Dalai Lama . The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus-dd- Bruce Lee . Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment-dd- Buddha . The first and the best victory is to conquer self-dd- Plato . All know the way, but few actually walk it-dd- Bodhidharma . Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom-dd- Bodhidharma . The essence of the Way is detachment-dd- Bodhidharma . Don’t try to steer the river-dd- Deepak Chopra . Not creating delusions is enlightenment-dd- Bodhidharma . All things are difficult before they are easy-dd- Thomas Fuller . Words diminish meanings; these words included-dd- Unknown . The more you know, the less you need-dd- Yvon Chouinard (Patagonia) . Don’t be afraid to just sit and watch-dd- Anthony Bourdain . Act without expectation-dd- Lao Tzu . Become comfortable with not knowing-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Life begins where fear ends-dd- Osho . Be present above all else-dd- Naval Ravikant . Think with your whole body-dd- Taisen Deshimaru . Love all-dd- Serve all-dd- Help ever-dd- Hurt never-dd- Sathya Sai Baba . To go beyond is as wrong as to fall short-dd- Confucius . Roads were made for journeys not destinations-dd- Confucius . Don’t curse the darkness, light a candle-dd- Confucius . Body and mind dropped off-dd- Dogen (on enlightenment) . Those who seek the easy way do not seek the true way-dd- Dogen . Enlightenment is intimacy with all things-dd- Dogen . A zen master’s life is one continuous mistake-dd- Dogen . Now I know what success is: living your truth, sharing it-dd- Kamal Ravikant . I follow four dictates: face it, accept it, deal with it, then let it go-dd- Sheng-yen . To live – is that not enough-qq- D-dd-T-dd- Suzuki . Zen has no business with ideas-dd- D-dd-T-dd- Suzuki . Sleep is the best meditation-dd- Dalai Lama . Don’t seek the truth; just drop your opinions-dd- Anthony . This will never come again-dd- Steve Hagen . Movement is evil-dd- Being still is good-dd- Ben Caesar . Life is a second-by-second miracle-dd- Joko Beck . In the highest level a man has the look of knowing nothing-dd- Yamamoto Tsunetomo . Singlemindedness is all-powerful-dd- Yamamoto Tsunetomo . The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself-dd- Anais Nin . When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don’t adjust the goals, adjust the action steps-dd- Confucius . If you want happiness for a year, inherit a fortune-dd- If you want happiness for a lifetime, help someone else-dd- Confucius . Truth makes you rise to new heights, no matter where you are-dd- Kamal Ravikant . These mountains that you are carrying, you were only supposed to climb-dd- Najwa Zebian . Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose-dd- Lyndon B-dd- Johnson . It is easy to believe we are each waves and forget we are also the ocean-dd- Jon J-dd- Muth . Emptiness which is conceptually liable to be mistaken for sheer nothingness is in fact the reservoir of infinite possibilities-dd- D-dd-T-dd- Suzuki . In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity-dd- Sun Tzu . If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles-dd- Sun Tzu . Even if it seems certain that you will lose, retaliate-dd- Neither wisdom nor technique has a place in this-dd- A real man does not think of victory or defeat-dd- He plunges recklessly towards an irrational death-dd- By doing this, you will awaken from your dreams-dd- Yamamoto Tsunetomo (Hagakure: The Book of the Samurai) . Purity is something that cannot be attained except by piling effort upon effort-dd- Yamamoto Tsunetomo (Hagakure: The Book of the Samurai) . The three elements of creativity are thus: loving, knowing, and doing – or heart, mind, and hands – or, as Zen Buddhist teaching has it; great faith, great question, and great courage-dd- Eric Maisel . You look at where you’re going and where you are and it never makes sense, but then you look back at where you’ve been and a pattern seems to emerge-dd- Robert M-dd- Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance) . There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy-dd- Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness-dd- Dalai Lama . As a bee gathering nectar does not harm or disturb the color and fragrance of the flower; so do the wise move through the world-dd- Buddha . My daily affairs are quite ordinary; but I’m in total harmony with them-dd- Layman Pang . Unhappiness and rain just drift by and are gone, they are visitors-dd- John Aske . Have the fearless attitude of a hero and the loving heart of a child-dd- Soyen Shaku . A man is great not because he hasn’t failed; a man is great because failure hasn’t stopped him-dd- Confucius . Confuse them with your silence and amaze them with your actions-dd- Unknown . I don’t hold on to anything, don’t reject anything; nowhere an obstacle or conflict-dd- Layman Pang . We just let it happen… and that’s the beauty of this technique-dd- Bob Ross . Just as parents care for their children, you should bear in mind the whole universe-dd- Dogen . If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito-dd- Dalai Lama . A true Zen saying: “Nothing is what I want”-dd- Frank Zappa . When I’m riding my bicycle I feel like a Buddhist who is happy just to enjoy his mundane existence-dd- Robin Williams . When you’ve understood this scripture, throw it away-dd- If you can’t understand this scripture, throw it away-dd- I insist on your freedom-dd- Jack Kerouac . Too lazy to be ambitious, I let the world take care of itself-dd- Ten days’ worth of rice in my bag; a bundle of twigs by the fireplace-dd- Why chatter about delusion and enlightenment-qq- Listening to the night rain on my roof, I sit comfortably, with both legs stretched out-dd- Ryōkan . Craziness is good-dd- Crazy people are happy, free, they have no hindrance-dd- But since you have many attachment, you are only a little crazy-dd- This is not crazy enough-dd- You must become completely crazy-dd- Then you will understand-dd- Seungsahn . I have lived with several Zen masters – all of them cats-dd- Eckhart Tolle . The menu is not the meal-dd- Alan Watts . Zen is nothing to get excited about-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Do not be too interested in Zen-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . We are here to awaken from our illusion of separateness-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . The whole moon and the entire sky are reflected in one dewdrop on the grass-dd- Dogen . Cease from practice based on intellectual understanding, pursuing words, and following after speech-dd- Dogen . It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them-dd- Epictetus . They call it ‘peace of mind’ but maybe it should be called ‘peace from mind’-dd- Naval Ravikant . It’s almost always possible to be honest and positive-dd- Naval Ravikant . To set up what you like against what you dislike, this is the disease of the mind-dd- Sengcan . Life is a journey-dd- Time is a river-dd- The door is ajar-dd- Jim Butcher . But as long as you think you are practicing zazen for the sake of something, that is not true practice-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Many have died; you also will die-dd- The drum of death is being beaten-dd- The world has fallen in love with a dream-dd- Only sayings of the wise will remain-dd- Kabir . The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Pursue not the outer entanglements; dwell not in the inner void; be serene in the oneness of things; and dualism vanishes by itself-dd- Sengcan . Matters of great concern should be treated lightly-dd- Matters of small concern should be treated seriously-dd- Yamamoto Tsunetomo (Hagakure: The Book of the Samurai) . One thing, all things: move among and intermingle, without distinction-dd- To live in this realization is to be without anxiety about non-perfection-dd- To live in this faith is the road to non-duality, because the non-dual is one with the trusting mind-dd- Sengcan . There is a crack in everything, that’s how the light gets in-dd- Leonard Cohen . Why do you so earnestly seek the truth in distant places-qq- Look for delusion and truth in the bottom of your own heart-dd- Ryōkan . The thief left it behind: the moon at my window-dd- Ryōkan . We shape clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness inside that holds whatever we want-dd- Lao Tzu . Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely-dd- Buddha . For things to reveal themselves to us, we need to be ready to abandon our views about them-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . One has not understood until one has forgotten it-dd- D-dd-T-dd- Suzuki . A great man is hard on himself; a small man is hard on others-dd- Confucius . To be truly ignorant, be content with your own knowledge-dd- Zhuangzi . It’s beautiful to be alone-dd- To be alone does not mean to be lonely-dd- It means the mind is not influenced and contaminated by society-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . When you understand one thing through and through, you understand everything-dd- When you try to understand everything, you will not understand anything-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . When we start to feel anxious or depressed, instead of asking, “What do I need to get to be happy-qq-” The question becomes, “What am I doing to disturb the inner peace that I already have-qq-”-dd- D-dd-T-dd- Suzuki . If you want something then you lose everything-dd- If you don’t want anything then you already have everything-dd- Seungsahn . To say one is revolutionary is a little like saying one is a Zen Buddhist – if you say you are, you probably aren’t-dd- Lawrence Ferlinghetti . When you catch yourself slipping into a pool of negativity, notice how it derives from nothing other than resistance to the current situation-dd- Donna Quesada . The foolish reject what they see, not what they think; the wise reject what they think, not what they see-dd- Huang Po . A wise man speaks because he has something to say; a fool because he has to say something-dd- Plato . Un-think-dd- Un-learn-dd- Un-know-dd- Un-believe-dd- Un-speculate-dd- Un-seek-dd- Un-strive-dd- Un-fear-dd- Lose your mind and effortlessly be-dd- Brian Thompson . Knowledge is learning something everyday-dd- Wisdom is letting go of something everyday-dd- Unknown . Don’t be satisfied with your accomplishment, nor be dissatisfied with it-dd- Unknown . The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life-dd- Confucius . You can have the mind or you can have the moment-dd- Naval Ravikant . A fool sees himself as another, but a wise man sees others as himself-dd- Dogen . One must be deeply aware of the impermanence of the world-dd- Dogen . Prefer to be defeated in the presence of the wise than to excel among fools-dd- Dogen . The greatest effort is not concerned with results-dd- Atisa . Do not look for a sanctuary in anyone except your self-dd- Buddha . Life is more or less a lie, but then again, that’s exactly the way we want it to be-dd- Bob Dylan . To be in harmony with the wholeness of things is not to have anxiety over imperfections-dd- Dogen . Here it is – right now-dd- Start thinking about it and you miss it-dd- Huang Po . Children are natural Zen masters; their world is brand new in each and every moment-dd- John Bradshaw . Happiness only comes when you let go of who you think you are-dd- If you think you’re wealthy and powerful and noble and truthful or horrible and demonic, whatever it may be, it’s all a waste of time-dd- Frederick Lenz . All I can guarantee you is that as long as you are searching for happiness, you will remain unhappy-dd- U-dd-G-dd- Krishnamurti . Letting go takes a lot of courage sometimes-dd- But once you let go, happiness comes very quickly-dd- You won’t have to go around search for it-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Letting go gives us freedom, and freedom is the only condition for happiness-dd- If, in our heart, we still cling to anything – anger, anxiety, or possessions – we cannot be free-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . There is surely nothing other than the single purpose of the present moment-dd- A man’s whole life is a succession of moment after moment-dd- There will be nothing else to do, and nothing else to pursue-dd- Live being true to the single purpose of the moment-dd- Yamamoto Tsunetomo (Hagakure: The Book of the Samurai) . Be true to the thought of the moment and avoid distraction-dd- Other than continuing to exert yourself, enter into nothing else, but go to the extent of living single thought by single thought-dd- Yamamoto Tsunetomo (Hagakure: The Book of the Samurai) . If we are always demanding something out of life, then we will never be content-dd- But if we accept life as it is, then we will know contentment-dd- Thich Thien-An . Flow with whatever may happen, and let your mind be free: Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing-dd- This is the ultimate-dd- Zhuangzi . Your life is your practice-dd- Your spiritual practice does not occur someplace other than in your life right now, and your life is nowhere other than where you are-dd- Karen Maezen Miller . Live the life in front of you, be the life you are, and see what you find out for yourself-dd- Karen Maezen Miller . People of this world are deluded-dd- They’re always longing for something – always, in a word, seeking-dd- Bodhidharma . When you bow, you should just bow; when you sit, you should just sit; when you eat, you should just eat-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . When there is no gaining idea in what you do, then you do something-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . So if you do something, you should be observant, and careful, and alert-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Where you stand, where you are, that’s what your life is right there, regardless of how painful it is or how enjoyable it is-dd- That’s what it is-dd- Taizan Maezumi . I am not devaluing thoughts-dd- Just do not mix up what we think with what actually is-dd- Taizan Maezumi . Nothing has ever existed except this moment-dd- That’s all there is-dd- That’s all we are-dd- Yet most human beings spend 50 to 90 percent or more of their time in their imagination, living in fantasy-dd- We think about what has happened to us, what might have happened, how we feel about it, how we should be different, how others should be different, how it’s all a shame, and on and on-dd- Joko Beck . There is one thing in life that you can always rely on: life being as it is-dd- Joko Beck . Throughout this life, you can never be certain of living long enough to take another breath-dd- Huang Po . To see things for what they are is to see with the eyes of the vastness itself-dd- Suzanne Segal . When reading, only read-dd- When eating, only eat-dd- When thinking, only think-dd- Seungsahn . When we do not expect anything we can be ourselves-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Do not be assertive, but adjust to the object, and you shall find a way around or through it-dd- Bruce Lee . If nothing within you stays rigid, outward things will disclose themselves-dd- Bruce Lee . Detachment is necessary for peace, and peace is necessary for happiness-dd- Naval Ravikant . The phrase that I use the most to myself in my head is one word: accept-dd- Naval Ravikant . If you cry because the sun has gone out of your life, your tears will prevent you from seeing the stars-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Letting go is the lesson-dd- Letting go is always the lesson-dd- Have you ever noticed how much of our agony is all tied up with craving and loss-qq- Susan Gordon Lydon . It is a timeless spiritual truth: release attachment to outcomes, deep inside yourself, you’ll feel good no matter what-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . If you want to travel the Way of Buddhas and Zen masters, then expect nothing, seek nothing, and grasp nothing-dd- Dogen . To escape from the world means that one’s mind is not concerned with the opinions of the world-dd- Dogen . Lose yourself in nothing to become everything; Relax into an infinite deep sea of coherent energy; Keep unfolding deeper and deeper into oneness; Continuously let go of control; Feel greater and greater degrees of wholeness-dd- Joe Dispenza . Learning to let go should be learned before learning to get-dd- Life should be touched, not strangled-dd- You’ve got to relax, let it happen at times, and at others move forward with it-dd- Ray Bradbury . Once you stop clinging and let things be, you’ll be free, even of birth and death-dd- You’ll transform everything-dd- Bodhidharma . You are here to learn something-dd- Don’t try to figure out what it is-dd- This can be frustrating and unproductive-dd- Steven L-dd- Peck . Obey the nature of things (your own nature), and you will walk freely and undisturbed-dd- Sengcan . Do not become caught in the teaching-dd- You must be able to let it go-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . You have to learn how to sit without fighting-dd- If you know how to sit like that, sitting is very pleasant-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Just let things be in their own way and there will be neither coming nor going-dd- Sengcan . Drop the craving for self, for permanence, for particular circumstances, and go straight ahead with the movement of life-dd- Alan Watts . With no set idea of how something is supposed to be, it is hard to get stuck on things not happening in the time frame you desired-dd- Instead, you are just being there, open to the possibilities of your life-dd- Lodro Rinzler . Let go-dd- Let Be-dd- See through everything and be free, complete, luminous, at home — at ease-dd- Lama Surya Das . The true purpose is to see things as they are, to observe things as they are, and to let everything go as it goes-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Our way is not to sit to acquire something; it is to express our true nature-dd- That is our practice-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Do not be trapped by the need to achieve anything-dd- This way, you achieve everything-dd- Frank Herbert . Think of patience as an act of being open to whatever comes your way-dd- Lodro Rinzler . A Buddha is an idle person-dd- He doesn’t run around after fortune and fame-dd- Bodhidharma . Life is a balance between rest and movement-dd- Rajneesh . Next to love, balance is the most important thing-dd- John Wooden . A warrior balances solitude and dependence-dd- Paulo Coelho . Life is like riding a bicycle-dd- To keep your balance, you must keep moving-dd- Albert Einstein . He who loves with purity considers not the gift of the lover, but the love of the giver-dd- Thomas a Kempis . Balance is the perfect state of still water-dd- Let that be our model-dd- It remains quiet within and is not disturbed on the surface-dd- Confucius . Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole nature in its beauty-dd- Nobody is able to achieve this completely but striving for such achievement is, in itself, a part of the liberation and a foundation for inner security-dd- Albert Einstein . It is a wretched thing that the young men of today are so contriving and so proud of their material possessions-dd- Men with contriving hearts are lacking in duty-dd- Lacking in duty, they will have no self-respect-dd- Yamamoto Tsunetomo . He who is self-conceited has no superiority allowed to him-dd- Lao Tzu . The most transformative experience has been the simple act of loving myself-dd- Kamal Ravikant . Have good trust in yourself, not in the One that you think you should be, but in the One that you are-dd- Taizan Maezumi . Being attached to someone is not about the other person-dd- It is about your own sense of inadequacy-dd- Jaggi Vasudev . Any love is a home-sickness, a longing for a lost paradise-dd- Jean Klein . A man walking is never in balance but always correcting for imbalance-dd- Gregory Bateson . The more we value things, the less we value ourselves-dd- Bruce Lee . Love is the absence of judgment-dd- Dalai Lama . Since we desire the true happiness that is brought about by a calm mind, and such peace of mind arises only from having a compassionate attitude, we need to make a concerted effort to develop compassion-dd- Dalai Lama . The most important point is to accept yourself and stand on your two feet-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . When asked “Who I Am’, the only answer possible is: I am the infinite, the vastness that is the substance of all things-dd- I am no one and everyone, nothing and everything – just as you are-dd- Suzanne Segal . When we have our body and mind in order, everything else will exist in the right place, in the right way-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . More important than any stage which you will attain is your sincerity, your right effort-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . In deep self acceptance, grows a compassionate understanding-dd- Jack Kornfield . There is not secret to balance-dd- You just have to feel the waves-dd- Frank Herbert . I live by four simple words-dd- Love-dd- Being-dd- Here-dd- Now-dd- Todd Crawshaw . Your treasure house is in yourself, it contains all you need-dd- Hui Hai . It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable-dd- Seneca . The mind: A beautiful servant, a dangerous master-dd- Osho . Keep it simple and focus on what matters-dd- Don’t let yourself be overwhelmed-dd- Confucius . Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . The best cure for the body is a quiet mind-dd- Napeleon Bonaparte . Peace of mind produces right values, right values produce right thoughts-dd- Right thoughts produce right actions-dd- Mark Richardson . As you become more and more deeply rooted in witnessing, thoughts start disappearing-dd- You are, but the mind is utterly empty-dd- Osho . You must only concentrate on the next step, the next breath, the next stroke of the broom, and the next, and the next-dd- Nothing else-dd- Michael Ende . Keep your heart clear and transparent, and you will never be bound-dd- A single disturbed thought creates ten thousand distractions-dd- Ryōkan . Not thinking about anything is Zen-dd- Once you know this, walking, sitting, or lying down, everything you do is Zen-dd- Bodhidharma . The mind is the root from which all things grow-dd- If you can understand the mind, everything else is included-dd- Bodhidharma . Not till your thoughts cease all their branching here and there, not till you abandon all thoughts of seeking for something, not till your mind is motionless as wood or stone, will you be on the right road to the Gate-dd- Huang Po . The things I carry are my thoughts-dd- That’s it-dd- They are the only weight-dd- My thoughts determine whether I am free and light or burdened-dd- Kamal Ravikant . You are, after all, what you think-dd- Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . Distraction is the main problem for us all – what the Buddha called the monkey mind-dd- We need to tame this monkey mind-dd- Tenzin Palmo . The word ‘innocence’ means a mind that is incapable of being hurt-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . If your mind is empty, it is always ready for anything; it is open to everything-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Not till your thoughts cease all their branching here and there, not till you abandon all thoughts of seeking for something, not till your mind is motionless as wood or stone, will you be on the right road to the Gate-dd- Huang Po . True depth of understanding is wide and steady-dd- Shallow understanding is lazy and wandering-dd- Zhuangzi . It is only with total humility, and in absolute stillness of mind that we can know what indeed we are-dd- Wei Wu Wei . If moment by moment you can keep your mind clear then nothing will confuse you-dd- Sheng-yen . A mind that worries about the past is distracted, and a mind that worries about the future is delusional-dd- Cheng Yen . Technical knowledge is not enough-dd- One must transcend techniques so that the art becomes an artless art, growing out of the unconscious-dd- D-dd-T-dd- Suzuki . Buddha means awareness, the awareness of body and mind that prevents evil from arising in either-dd- Bodhidharma . When thought is in bondage the truth is hidden, for everything is murky and unclear, and the burdensome practice of judging brings annoyance and weariness-dd- What benefit can be derived from distinctions and separations-qq- Sengcan . The struggle of what one likes and what one dislikes is the disease of the mind-dd- Sengcan . What pleases our mind is not dangerous enough-dd- Kazuaki Tanahashi . Within our impure mind the pure one is to be found-dd- Huineng . Nothing divides one so much as thought-dd- R-dd-H-dd- Blyth . Time does not change us-dd- It just unfolds us-dd- Max Frisch . I never think of the future – it comes soon enough-dd- Albert Einstein . The memory of everything is very soon overwhelmed in time-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Time is the fire in which we burn-dd- Gene Roddenberry . Our opinions have no permanence; like autumn and winter, they gradually pass away-dd- Zhuangzi . Everything that has a beginning has an ending-dd- Make your peace with that and all will be well-dd- Jack Kornfield . The more a thing tends to be permanent, the more it tends to be lifeless-dd- Alan Watts . See and realize that this world is not permanent-dd- Neither late nor early flowers will remain-dd- Ryōkan . Every day passes whether you participate or not-dd- Ming Dao Deng . Unless we die to ourselves, we can never be alive again-dd- D-dd-T-dd- Suzuki . We’re in such a hurry most of the time we never get much chance to talk-dd- The result is a kind of endless day-to-day shallowness, a monotony that leaves a person wondering years later where all the time went and sorry that it’s all gone-dd- Robert M-dd- Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance) . When we realize the everlasting truth of “everything changes” and find our composure in it, we find ourselves in Nirvana-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Time’s the king of men; he’s both their parent, and he is their grave, and gives them what he will, not what they crave-dd- William Shakespeare . Time is the coin of life-dd- Only you can determine how it will be spent-dd- Carl Sandburg . Awareness is the greatest agent for change-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Whether we like it or not, change comes, and the greater the resistance, the greater the pain-dd- Alan Watts . Don’t waste your time chasing butterflies-dd- Mend your garden, and the butterflies will come-dd- Mario Quintana . There is only one thing in life which never changes, and it is change-dd- Confucius . Open your arms to change, but don’t let go of your values-dd- Dalai Lama . We teach ourselves; Zen merely points the way-dd- D-dd-T-dd- Suzuki . Reality is created by the mind, we can change our reality by changing our mind-dd- Plato . The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth-dd- Lao Tzu . In order to be effective truth must penetrate like an arrow – and that is likely to hurt-dd- Wei Wu Wei . Realisation is a matter of becoming conscious of that which is already realised-dd- Wei Wu Wei . Unless it grows out of yourself no knowledge is really yours, it is only borrowed plumage-dd- D-dd-T-dd- Suzuki . The Truth is realized in an instant; the Act is practiced step by step-dd- Seungsahn . But opinions, judgments, memories, dreaming about the future—ninety percent of the thoughts spinning around in our heads have no essential reality-dd- Joko Beck . If you forget yourself, you become the universe-dd- Hakuin Ekaku . No word matters-dd- But man forgets reality and remembers words-dd- Roger Zelazny . Not knowing how near the truth is, we seek it far away-dd- Hakuin Ekaku . It is easier for the world to accept a simple lie than a complex truth-dd- Alexis de Tocqueville . The way of Zen is to become independent and strong-dd- Don’t rely on others for perceptions of life and truth-dd- Do it individually-dd- Frederick Lenz . Truth is not far away-dd- It is nearer than near-dd- There is no need to attain it, since not one of your steps leads away from it-dd- Dogen . The Great Way is not difficult for those who have no preferences-dd- When love and hate are both absent everything becomes clear and undisguised-dd- Make the smallest distinction, however, and heaven and earth are set infinitely apart-dd- If you wish to see the truth then hold no opinion for or against-dd- Sengcan . If you are under control, you lose the danger of glimpsing an unknown realm-dd- Kazuaki Tanahashi . If you use your mind to study reality, you won’t understand either your mind or reality-dd- If you study reality without using your mind, you’ll understand both-dd- Bodhidharma . The farther away you are from the truth, the more the hateful and pleasurable states will arise-dd- Bodhidharma . The ultimate Truth is beyond words-dd- Doctrines are words-dd- They’re not the Way-dd- Bodhidharma . Reality has no inside, outside, or middle part-dd- Bodhidharma . The more you talk and think about it, the further astray you wander from the truth-dd- Stop talking and thinking and there is nothing you will not be able to know-dd- Sengcan . I feel cut off only because I am split within myself, because I try to be divided from my own feelings and sensations-dd- What I feel and sense therefore seems foreign to me-dd- And on being aware of the unreality of this division, the universe does not seem foreign any more-dd- Alan Watts . A mind full of preconceived ideas, subjective intentions, or habits is not open to things as they are-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Do not seek for the truth, only stop having an opinion-dd- Seng-ts’an . If you cannot find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it-qq- Dogen . He who knows, does not speak-dd- He who speaks, does not know-dd- Lao Tzu . When there is no desire, all things are at peace-dd- Lao Tzu . Countless words count less than the silent balance between yin and yang-dd- Lao Tzu . Taoism is a way of liberation, which never comes by means of revolution, since it is notorious that most revolutions establish worse tyrannies than they destroy-dd- Alan Watts . You should rather be grateful for the weeds, because eventually they will enrich your practice-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . You must let what happens happen-dd- Everything must be equal in your eyes, good and evil, beautiful and ugly, foolish and wise-dd- Michael Ende . Taoism is the profoundest nonconformism that has ever been evolved anywhere in the world, at any time in history; essentially it is rebellion-dd- Osho . Taoism has no rules-dd- It’s a suggestion for perceiving life in its wholeness, without unnecessary categorization, yet enjoying the beauty of categorization-dd- Frederick Lenz . Taoism is the gentle way-dd- The path of least resistance-dd- Frederick Lenz . Taoism is the way of water-dd- The most frequent element or symbol referred to in Lao Tzu’s writings is the symbol of water-dd- Frederick Lenz . Taoism is simply the complete acceptance of yourself as you are right in this moment-dd- Sheila M-dd- Burke . Accept everything just the way it is-dd- Miyamoto Musashi . Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world-dd- Miyamoto Musashi . The flame that burns Twice as bright burns half as long-dd- Lao Tzu . If you try to change it, you will ruin it-dd- Try to hold it, and you will lose it-dd- Lao Tzu . He who is in harmony with the Tao is like a newborn child-dd- Its bones are soft, its muscles are weak, but its grip is powerful-dd- Lao Tzu . To have some deep feeling about Buddhism is not the point; we just do what we should do, like eating supper and going to bed-dd- This is Buddhism-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Patience from a Buddhist perspective is not a “wait and see” attitude, but rather one of “just be there”-dd- Lodro Rinzler . Buddhism teaches that joy and happiness arise from letting go-dd- Please sit down and take an inventory of your life-dd- There are things you’ve been hanging on to that really are not useful and deprive you of your freedom-dd- Find the courage to let them go-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Buddhism may be summed up in two phrases: “Let go-xx-” and “Walk on-xx-”-dd- Alan Watts . Suffering is when we resist the moment-dd- Kamal Ravikant . Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace-dd- Buddha . Attack the evil that is within yourself, rather than attacking the evil that is in others-dd- Confucius . We are not disturbed by what happens to us, but by our thoughts about what happens to us-dd- Epictetus . Life and death are of supreme importance-dd- Time swiftly passes by and opportunity is lost-dd- Each of us should strive to awaken-dd- Awaken-xx- Take heed, do not squander your life-dd- Dogen . Breath by breath, let go of fear, expectation, anger, regret, cravings, frustration, fatigue-dd- Let go of the need for approval-dd- Let go of old judgments and opinions-dd- Die to all that, and fly free-dd- Soar in the freedom of desirelessness-dd- Lama Surya Das . Stress is caused by being “here” but wanting to be “there”-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Guilt, regret, resentment, sadness and all forms of nonforgiveness are caused by too much past and not enough presence-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Any effort that has self-glorification as its final endpoint is bound to end in disaster-dd- Robert M-dd- Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance) . Anger, ego, jealousy are the biggest diseases-dd- Keep yourself aloof from these three diseases-dd- Sathya Sai Baba . The saint is a man who disciplines his ego-dd- The sage is a man who rids himself of his ego-dd- Wei Wu Wei . The more you suffer the deeper grows your character, and with the deepening of your character you read the more penetratingly into the secrets of life-dd- All great artists, all great religious leaders, and all great social reformers have come out of the intensest struggles which they fought bravely, quite frequently in tears and with bleeding hearts-dd- D-dd-T-dd- Suzuki . Unless we agree to suffer we cannot be free from suffering-dd- D-dd-T-dd- Suzuki . The trying to do something is in itself enlightenment-dd- When we are in difficulty or distress, there we have enlightenment-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . When another person makes you suffer, it is because he suffers deeply within himself, and his suffering is spilling over-dd- He does not need punishment; he needs help-dd- That’s the message he is sending-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Nirvana means to extinguish the burning fires of the Three Poisons: greed, anger, and ignorance-dd- This can be accomplished by letting go of dissatisfaction-dd- Shinjo Ito . Life always gives us exactly the teacher we need at every moment-dd- This includes every mosquito, every misfortune, every red light, every traffic jam, every obnoxious supervisor (or employee), every illness, every loss, every moment of joy or depression, every addiction, every piece of garbage, every breath-dd- Every moment is the guru-dd- Joko Beck . We have to face the pain we have been running from-dd- In fact, we need to learn to rest in it and let its searing power transform us-dd- Joko Beck . Do not permit the events of your daily lives to bind you, but never withdraw yourselves from them-dd- Only by acting thus can you earn the title of ‘A Liberated One’-dd- Huang Po . The ignorant mind, with its infinite afflictions, passions, and evils, is rooted in the three poisons-dd- Greed, anger, and delusion-dd- Bodhidharma . Those who don’t know how to suffer are the worst off-dd- There are times when the only correct thing we can do is to bear out troubles until a better day-dd- Ming-Dao Deng . If you haven’t wept deeply, you haven’t begun to meditate-dd- Ajahn Chah . An outside enemy exists only if there is anger inside-dd- Thubten Zopa Rinpoche . Hating someone makes them important-dd- Forgiving them makes them obsolete-dd- Unknown . Pain doesn’t last-dd- And when it’s gone, we have something to show for it-dd- Growth-dd- Kamal Ravikant . Why seek a doctrine-qq- As soon as you have a doctrine, you fall into dualistic thought-dd- Huang Po . Your body and mind are the field-dd- Suffering is the seed, wisdom the sprout, and buddhahood the grain-dd- Bodhidharma . A Buddha is someone who finds freedom in good fortune and bad-dd- Bodhidharma . I haven’t learned how to confront a problem by avoiding it-dd- Brian Spellman . Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Trees are like people-dd- They all have a few flaws in them-dd- Bob Ross . You are the sky-dd- Everything else – it’s just the weather-dd- Pema Chödrön . A lily or a rose never pretends, and its beauty is that it is what it is-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Sitting quietly, doing nothing, Spring comes, and the grass grows, by itself-dd- Matsuo Basho . If you become restless, speed up-dd- If you become winded, slow down-dd- You climb the mountain in an equilibrium between restlessness and exhaustion-dd- Robert M-dd- Pirsig (Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance) . Rivers know this: there is no hurry-dd- We shall get there some day-dd- A-dd- A-dd- Milne . The moon does not fight-dd- It attacks no one-dd- It does not worry-dd- It does not try to crush others-dd- It keeps to its course, but by its very nature, it gently influences-dd- What other body could pull an entire ocean from shore to shore-qq- The moon is faithful to its nature and its power is never diminished-dd- Ming-Dao Deng . A finger points at the moon, but the moon is not at the tip of the finger-dd- Words points at the truth, but the truth is not in words-dd- Huineng . A flower does not think of competing with the flower next to it-dd- It just blooms-dd- Zen Shin . The ultimate goal of farming is not the growing of crops, but the cultivation and perfection of human beings-dd- Masanobu Fukuoka . Clear mind is like the full moon in the sky-dd- Sometimes clouds come and cover it, but the moon is always behind them-dd- Clouds go away, then the moon shines brightly-dd- So don’t worry about clear mind: it is always there-dd- When thinking comes, behind it is clear mind-dd- When thinking goes, there is only clear mind-dd- Thinking comes and goes, comes and goes, You must not be attached to the coming or the going-dd- Seungsahn . The waters are in motion, but the moon retains its serenity-dd- D-dd-T-dd- Suzuki . When fishermen cannot go to sea, they repair nets-dd- Nabil Sabio Azadi . Three things cannot long be hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth-dd- Confucius . A flower falls, even though we love it; and a weed grows, even though we do not love it-dd- Dogen . Zen is a quiet thing-dd- It listens-dd- Howard Fast . Awareness allows us get outside of your mind and observe it in action-dd- Dan Brule . Those who seek the truth by means of intellect and learning only get further and further away from it-dd- Huang Po . It is simply sitting silently, witnessing the thoughts, passing before you-dd- Just witnessing, not interfering not even judging, because the moment you judge you have lost the pure witness-dd- Osho . Not being tense but ready-dd- Not thinking but not dreaming-dd- Not being set but flexible-dd- Liberation from the uneasy sense of confinement-dd- It is being wholly and quietly alive, aware and alert, ready for whatever may come-dd- Bruce Lee . Silence is the language of Om-dd- We need silence to be able to reach our Self-dd- Both internal and external silence is very important to feel the presence of that supreme Love-dd- Amit Ray . If you would spend all your time – walking, standing, sitting or lying down – learning to halt the concept-forming activities of your own mind, you could be sure of ultimately attaining the goal-dd- Huang Po . Be soft in your practice-dd- Think of the method as a fine silvery stream, not a raging waterfall-dd- Sheng-yen . Meditation is a secular practice, not a religious practice-dd- Abhijit Naskar . There is only the one reality, neither to be realized nor attained-dd- Huang Po . There is no beginning to practice nor end to enlightenment; There is no beginning to enlightenment nor end to practice-dd- Dogen . For the beginner, practice without effort is not true practice-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . It will take quite a long time before you find your calm, serene mind in your practice-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . It is when your practice is rather greedy that you become discouraged with it-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Follow the stream, have faith in its course-dd- It will go on its own way, meandering here, trickling there-dd- It will find the grooves, the cracks, the crevices-dd- Just follow it-dd- Never let it out of your sight-dd- It will take you-dd- Sheng-yen . As long as we remain within the confines of the thinking mind, we can’t experience the state of non-thinking-dd- If we can’t experience non-thinking, we will not understand what our life truly is-dd- Please realize this for yourself-xx- Just sit-dd- Taizan Maezumi . Enlightenment is not something you achieve-dd- It is the absence of something-dd- All your life you have been going forward after something, pursuing some goal-dd- Enlightenment is dropping all that-dd- Joko Beck . Those who worship don’t know, and those who know don’t worship-dd- Bodhidharma . An Awakened person is someone who finds freedom in good fortune and bad-dd- Bodhidharma . In contemplation, one’s mind should be stable and unmoving, like a wall-dd- Bodhidharma . Even to be attached to the idea of enlightenment is to go astray-dd- Sengcan . The obstacle is the path-dd- Zen Proverb . Move and the way will open-dd- Zen Proverb . Be master of mind rather than mastered by mind-dd- Zen Proverb . When the student is ready, the teacher will appear-dd- Zen Proverb . You should sit and meditate for 20 minutes, unless you’re too busy, then you should sit and meditate or an hour-dd- Zen Proverb . To follow the path, look to the master, follow the master, walk with the master, see through the master, become the master-dd- Zen Proverb . The wise adapt themselves to circumstances, as water molds itself to the pitcher-dd- Zen Proverb . Only when you can be extremely pliable and soft can you be extremely hard and strong-dd- Zen Proverb . Man stands in his own shadow and wonders why it is dark-dd- Zen Proverb . When walking, walk-dd- When eating, eat-dd- Zen Proverb . No snowflake ever falls in the wrong place-dd- Zen Proverb . When you reach the top of the mountain, keep climbing-dd- Zen Proverb . To live is enough-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Calmness in activity is true calmness-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . When you do something, you should do it with your whole body and mind; you should be concentrated on what you do-dd- You should do it completely, like a good bonfire-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . You should not be a smoky fire-dd- You should burn yourself completely-dd- If you do not burn yourself completely, a trace of yourself will be left in what you do-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Emotionally we have many problems, but these problems are not actual problems; they are something created; they are problems pointed out by our self-centered ideas or views-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Zen is not some kind of excitement, but concentration on our usual everyday routine-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . What we call “I” is just a swinging door which moves when we inhale and when we exhale-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . We do not exist for the sake of something else-dd- We exist for the sake of ourselves-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . We should not hoard knowledge; we should be free from our knowledge-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . The goal of practice is always to keep our beginner’s mind-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Sincerity itself is the railroad track-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . When something dies is the greatest teaching-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing-dd- Lao Tzu . Sit with the pain until it passes, and you will be calmer for the next one-dd- Naval Ravikant . Without pain, without sacrifice, we would have nothing-dd- Fight Club . Let go of the past-dd- Robert Greene . Adversity is the first path to truth-dd- Lord Byron . Great things never came from comfort zones-dd- Neil Strauss . Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it-dd- Helen Keller . It is always by way of pain one arrives at pleasure-dd- Marquis de Sade . True self-discovery begins where your comfort zone ends-dd- Adam Braun . One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: that word is love-dd- Sophocles . Be patient and tough; someday this pain will be useful to you-dd- Ovid . The root of all suffering is attachment-dd- Buddha . Turn your wounds into wisdom-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Change happens when the pain of staying the same is greater than the pain of change-dd- Tony Robbins . Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars-dd- Kahlil Gibran . People go through so much pain trying to avoid pain-dd- Neil Strauss . Life begins at the end of your comfort zone-dd- Neale Donald Walsch . Too many people believe that everything must be pleasurable in life, which makes them constantly search for distractions and short-circuits the learning process-dd- Robert Greene . Most of the gains in life come from suffering in the short term, so you can get paid in the long term-dd- Naval Ravikant . Pain makes me grow-dd- Growing is what I want-dd- Therefore, for me pain is pleasure-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings-dd- Lao Tzu . You never know how strong you are until being strong is your only choice-dd- Bob Marley . It is when I struggle that I strengthen-dd- It is when challenged to my core that I learn the depth of who I am-dd- Steve Maraboli . God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our conscience, but shouts in our pains: it is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Humility, after the first shock, is a cheerful virtue-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Every pain is a gift-dd- Every pain is an opportunity-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Be master of your petty annoyances and conserve your energies for the big, worthwhile things-dd- It isn’t the mountain ahead that wears you out – it’s the grain of sand in your shoe-dd- Robert Service . The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection-dd- Thomas Paine . The pain will leave once it has finished teaching you-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . I’ve learned more from pain than I could’ve ever learned from pleasure-dd- Unknown . If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Remember anything you want that’s valuable requires you to break through short-term pain in order to gain long-term pleasure-dd- Tony Robbins . Failure gave me strength-dd- Pain was my motivation-dd- Michael Jordan . Pain nourishes courage-dd- You can’t be brave if you’ve only had wonderful things happen to you-dd- Mary Tyler Moore . You must go through that short-term pain to reach long-term gains-dd- A meaningful life is about growth, not comfort-dd- Maxime Lagacé . We do survive every moment, after all, except the last one-dd- John Updike . The aim of the wise is not to secure pleasure but to avoid pain-dd- Aristotle . We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey-dd- Kenji Miyazawa . You may have had unfair things happen to you, but the depth of your pain is an indication of the height of your future-dd- Joel Osteen (This is one of my favorite pain quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . There is no education like adversity-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Behind every beautiful thing, there’s been some kind of pain-dd- Bob Dylan . Pain is inevitable, suffering is optional-dd- Buddha . If you’re going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston Churchill . Nobody can hurt me without my permission-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret-dd- The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons-dd- Jim Rohn . Laugher is the tonic, the relief, the surcease for pain-dd- Charlie Chaplin . The only thing that’s the end of the world is the end of the world-dd- Barack Obama . It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience-dd- Julius Caesar . Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened-dd- Ludwig Jacobowski . Nothing pains some people more than having to think-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, for wise men say it is the wisest course-dd- William Shakespeare . There is a saying in Tibetan, ‘Tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength’-dd- No matter what sort of difficulties, how painful experience is, if we lose our hope, that’s our real disaster-dd- Dalai Lama . One thing you can’t hide – is when you’re crippled inside-dd- John Lennon . Life is pain, so live it up while you can-dd- Ernest Hemingway . There are no gains without pains-dd- Benjamin Franklin . If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Smile, though your heart is aching-dd- Smile, even though it’s breaking-dd- When there are clouds in the sky, you’ll get by if you smile through your pain and sorrow-dd- Smile and maybe tomorrow, you’ll see the sun come shining through for you-dd- Charlie Chaplin . It is only through labor and painful effort, by grim energy and resolute courage, that we move on to better things-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you-dd- Maya Angelou . My pain may be the reason for somebody’s laugh-dd- But my laugh must never be the reason for somebody’s pain-dd- Charlie Chaplin . One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain-dd- Bob Marley . Better bread with water than cake with trouble-dd- Russian proverb . Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors-dd- African proverb . The art of life is the art of avoiding pain-dd- Thomas Jefferson . It hurts because it matters-dd- John Green . That’s the thing about pain, it demands to be felt-dd- John Green . Our strength grows out of our weaknesses-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . We can ignore even pleasure-dd- But pain insists upon being attended to-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Much of your pain is self-chosen-dd- Kahlil Gibran . I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders-dd- Jewish proverb . The pain I feel now is the happiness I had before-dd- That’s the deal-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Embrace the feeling-dd- Start the healing-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Pain is a great motivator-dd- Naval Ravikant . It’s better to feel pain than nothing at all-dd- Unknown . Pain is real-dd- But so is hope-dd- Unknown . Two barrels of tears will not heal a bruise-dd- Chinese proverb . The cost of failure is…learning-dd- Neil Strauss . Strange how we decorate pain-dd- Margaret Atwood . What hurts us is what heals us-dd- Paulo Coelho . Fear is pain arising from the anticipation of evil-dd- Aristotle . To hurt is as human as to breathe-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . Life is pain and the enjoyment of love is an anesthetic-dd- Cesare Pavese . The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again-dd- Charles Dickens . Face your life, its pain, its pleasure, leave no path untaken-dd- Neil Gaiman . Move toward resistance and pain-dd- Robert Greene . I can bear any pain as long as it has meaning-dd- Haruki Murakami (1Q84) . It is when we hurt that we learn-dd- Steve Maraboli . Don’t let pain define you, let it refine you-dd- Tim Fargo . Passion is the bridge that takes you from pain to change-dd- Frida Kahlo . True discovery happens when you embrace the obstacle, the difficulty-dd- Truth is for the patient, the enduring-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Stay focused on your purpose, not your pain-dd- Ranal Currie . And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom-dd- Anais Nin . Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success-dd- Bo Bennett . Bad things do happen; how I respond to them defines my character and the quality of my life-dd- I can choose to sit in perpetual sadness, immobilized by the gravity of my loss, or I can choose to rise from the pain and treasure the most precious gift I have – life itself-dd- Walter Anderson . First, having the larger goal will lift your mind out of the moment and help you endure the hard work and drudgery-dd- Second, as you become better at this task or craft, it becomes increasingly pleasurable-dd- Robert Greene . You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented in the history of the world, but then you read-dd- It was books that taught me that the things that tormented me most were the very things that connected me with all the people who were alive, who had ever been alive-dd- James Baldwin . No matter how far life pushes you down, no matter how much you hurt, you can always bounce back-dd- Unknown . Growth in painful-dd- Change is painful-dd- But nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don’t belong-dd- Unknown . Often it’s the deepest pain which empowers you to grow into your highest self-dd- Unknown . Stop saying “I wish” and start saying “I will”-dd- Unknown . Every flower must grow through dirt-dd- Unknown . The more you’re hurt, the more you’ll change-dd- Unknown . Problems are the price you pay for progress-dd- Branch Rickey . After the rain, the sun will reappear-dd- There is life-dd- After the pain, the joy will still be here-dd- Walt Disney . Be soft-dd- Do not let the world make you hard-dd- Do not let pain make you hate-dd- Do not let the bitterness steal your sweetness-dd- Take pride that even though the rest of the world may disagree, you still believe it to be a beautiful place-dd- Iain Thomas . It’s so hard to forget pain, but it’s even harder to remember sweetness-dd- We have no scar to show for happiness-dd- We learn so little from peace-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Sacrifice today for tomorrows betterment, you are willing to pay those payments with pain, because pain is just a message when you are fixing something that’s insufficient in your life-dd- Greg Plitt . I don’t believe there is pleasure in life-dd- I believe there is only relief of pain… We have to suffer to be on top-dd- Georges St-Pierre . Don’t get lost in your pain, know that one day your pain will become your cure-dd- Rumi . Some days, we’re just looking for a soft place to land-dd- Dr-dd- SunWolf . You can’t run away from trouble-dd- There ain’t no place that far-dd- Uncle Remus . Bad is never good until worse happens-dd- Danish proverb . You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you-dd- Walt Disney . It’s not easy taking my problems one at a time when they refuse to get in line-dd- Ashleigh Brilliant . Do not free a camel of the burden of his hump; you may be freeing him from being a camel-dd- Gilbert Keith Chesterton . Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor-dd- Truman Capote . There’s nothing that cleanses your soul like getting the hell kicked out of you-dd- Woody Hayes . Life is pain, highness-dd- Anyone who says differently is selling something-dd- William Goldman . I fell off my pink cloud with a thud-dd- Elizabeth Taylor . The cure for pain is in the pain-dd- Rumi . Forget about winning and losing, forget about pride and pain-dd- Bruce Lee . We don’t even ask happiness, just a little less pain-dd- Charles Bukowski . What matters most is how well you walk through the fire-dd- Charles Bukowski . You have to die a few times before you can really live-dd- Charles Bukowski . Nothing prevents happiness like the memory of happiness-dd- Andre Gide . The real problem is not why some pious, humble, believing people suffer, but why some do not-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Along with pain comes satisfaction and with satisfaction comes relief-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Are you facing or avoiding your pain-qq- Are you caring for your emotions or are you making yourself busy-qq- Learn to wait and embrace your suffering-dd- Fleeing it will simply bring more confusion-dd- Facing it will bring clarity-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The tragedy of life is in what dies inside a man while he lives – the death of genuine feeling, the death of inspired response, the awareness that makes it possible to feel the pain or the glory of other men in yourself-dd- Norman Cousins . The prettiest smile hides the deepest secrets-dd- The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears-dd- And the kindest hearts have felt the most pain-dd- Unknown . When the clouds get too heavy, it rains-dd- When your pain gets too bad, you cry-dd- Unknown . There is no greater sorrow than to recall happiness in times of misery-dd- Dante Alighieri . He who makes a beast out of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Pain is meant to wake us up-dd- People try to hide their pain-dd- But they’re wrong-dd- Pain is something to carry, like a radio-dd- You feel your strength in the experience of pain-dd- It’s all in how you carry it-dd- That’s what matters-dd- Pain is a feeling-dd- Your feelings are a part of you-dd- Your own reality-dd- If you feel ashamed of them, and hide them, you’re letting society destroy your reality-dd- You should stand up for your right to feel your pain-dd- Jim Morrison . I think that humans have a huge capacity to carry pain and sadness-dd- There are things that haunt us our entire lives; we are unable to let them go-dd- The good times seem almost effervescent and dreamlike in comparison with the times that didn’t go so well-dd- Henry Rollins . Sooner or later, you will need to make friends with disappointment-dd- Dr-dd- SunWolf . I have absolutely no pleasure in the stimulants in which I sometimes so madly indulge-dd- It has not been in the pursuit of pleasure that I have periled life and reputation and reason-dd- It has been the desperate attempt to escape from torturing memories, from a sense of insupportable loneliness and a dread of some strange impending doom-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Some old wounds never truly heal, and bleed again at the slightest word-dd- George R-dd-R (Game of Thrones) . God brings men into deep waters, not to drown them, but to cleanse them-dd- John Aughey . Some of God’s greatest gifts are unanswered prayers-dd- Garth Brooks . Life swings like a pendulum backward and forward between pain and boredom-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Neurosis is the natural by-product of pain avoidance-dd- Carl Jung . Life didn’t promise to be wonderful-dd- Teddy Pendergrass . Wisdom is nothing more than healed pain-dd- Robert Gary Lee . If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace-dd- Thomas Paine . If experience is the mother of wisdom, pain is the father-dd- Thibaut . We can learn and change in a state of pain and suffering, or we can evolve in a state of joy and inspiration-dd- Joe Dispenza . When I planted my pain in the field of patience it bore fruit of happiness-dd- Kahlil Gibran . We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more from imagination than from reality-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Following a path is easy-dd- Creating a new one is tough but it will lead you to new places-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Sometimes you must hurt in order to know, fall in order to grow, lose in order to gain, because life’s greatest lessons are learnt through pain-dd- Nagato . Handling our suffering is an art-dd- If we know how to suffer, we suffer much less, and we’re no longer afraid of being overwhelmed by the suffering inside-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Acceptance doesn’t mean resignation; it means understanding that something is what it is and that there’s got to be a way through it-dd- Michael J-dd- Fox . When it hurts – observe-dd- Life is trying to teach you something-dd- Anita Krizzan . Trying to build a life where you never experience bad feelings is like building a ship that can’t handle a storm-dd- Neil Strauss . Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn’t do than by the ones you did do-dd- So throw off the bowlines-dd- Sail away from the safe harbor-dd- Catch the trade winds in your sails-dd- Explore-dd- Dream-dd- Discover-dd- Sarah Frances Brown . Try to exclude the possibility of suffering which the order of nature and the existence of free wills involve, and you find that you have excluded life itself-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . The pain that you create now is always some form of nonacceptance, some form of unconscious resistance to what is-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Prosperity is not without many fears and distastes, and adversity is not without comforts and hopes-dd- Francis Bacon . There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt-dd- Erma Bombeck . The pain you feel today will be the strength you feel tomorrow-dd- Unknown . Pain can change you, but that doesn’t mean it has to be a bad change-dd- Take that pain and turn it into wisdom-dd- Unknown . There are two types of pain in this world: pain that hurts you, and pain that changes you-dd- Unknown . Every negative situation contains the possibility for something positive, an opportunity-dd- It is how you look at it that matters-dd- Robert Greene . Be the silent watcher of your thoughts and behavior-dd- You are beneath the thinker-dd- You are the stillness beneath the mental noise-dd- You are the love and joy beneath the pain-dd- Eckhart Tolle . There is no coming to consciousness without pain-dd- People will do anything, no matter how absurd, in order to avoid facing their own Soul-dd- One does not become enlightened by imagining figures of light, but by making the darkness conscious-dd- Carl Jung . Where the wound has been given, there must the cure be found, if anywhere-dd- Jane Austen . We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain-dd- Alan Watts . Love is the sweetest pain inside-dd- Tarkan . Love is so short, forgetting is so long-dd- Pablo Neruda . The marks humans leave are too often scars-dd- John Green (The Fault in Our Stars) . Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . I still own my heart, which I know because it hurts so much-dd- Emilie Autumn . The worst part is feeling you lost a part of yourself, forever-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Pain makes you stronger-dd- Fear makes you braver-dd- Heartbreak makes you wiser-dd- Drake . Have you ever been hurt and the place tries to heal a bit, and you just pull the scar off of it over and over again-dd- Rosa Parks . If pain must come, may it come quickly-dd- Because I have a life to live, and I need to live it in the best way possible-dd- If he has to make a choice, may he make it now-dd- Then I will either wait for him or forget him-dd- Paulo Coelho . The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too-dd- Ernest Hemingway . If you love deeply, you’re going to get hurt badly-dd- But it’s still worth it-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Through love all that is bitter will be sweet-dd- Through love all that is copper will be gold-dd- Through love all dregs will become wine-dd- Through love all pain will turn to medicine-dd- Rumi . There’s no love without pain-dd- Irving Stone . I felt so much, that I started to feel nothing-dd- Unknown . Sometimes your heart needs more time to accept what your mind already knows-dd- Unknown . Among my stillness was a pounding heart-dd- Shannon A-dd- Thompson . Where there is love, there is vulnerability to pain-dd- Laura Ramirez . The surest way to hurt yourself is to give up on love, just because it didn’t work out the first time-dd- Amanda Howells . Thinking of you is a poison I drink often-dd- Atticus . If you spend your time hoping someone will suffer the consequences for what they did to your heart, then you’re allowing them to hurt you a second time in your mind-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Loving you was like going to war; I never came back the same-dd- Warsan Shire . They say that time heals a broken heart, but time has stood still since we’ve been apart-dd- Don Gibson . Part 1-dd- I think you still love me, but we can’t escape the fact that I’m not enough for you-dd- I knew this was going to happen-dd- Haruki Murakami . Part 2-dd- So I’m not blaming you for falling in love with another woman-dd- I’m not angry, either-dd- I should be, but I’m not-dd- Haruki Murakami . Part 3-dd- I just feel pain-dd- A lot of pain-dd- I thought I could imagine how much this would hurt, but I was wrong-dd- Haruki Murakami . I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love-dd- Mother Teresa . Maybe part of loving is learning to let go-dd- The Wonder Years . What is the opposite of two-qq- A lonely me, a lonely you-dd- Richard Wilbur . I am hopelessly in love with a memory-dd- An echo from another time, another place-dd- Michael Faudet . Long after I have given up, my heart still searches for you without my permission-dd- Rudy Francisco . The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears-dd- John Vance Cheney . God is closest to those with broken hearts-dd- Jewish saying . Sadness flies away on the wings of time-dd- Jean de La Fontaine . The gem cannot be polished without friction nor man without trials-dd- Confucius . Great success requires greater sacrifice-dd- Sachin Prabhu . Find a place inside where there’s joy, and the joy will burn out the pain-dd- Joseph Campbell . You have the hope that life is fair, but it’s not-dd- Expect it to be hard, unfair, sometimes ugly and sad-dd- The least you expect of it, the more bearable it will seem-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you aren’t in the moment, you are either looking forward to uncertainty, or back to pain and regret-dd- Jim Carrey . If you go deeper and deeper into your own heart, you’ll be living in a world with less fear, isolation and loneliness-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Take chances, make mistakes-dd- That’s how you grow-dd- Pain nourishes your courage-dd- You have to fail in order to practice being brave-dd- Mary Tyler Moore . We’re all going to die, all of us, what a circus-xx- That alone should make us love each other but it doesn’t-dd- We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities, we are eaten up by nothing-dd- Charles Bukowski . Are you ready to sacrifice who you are, for what you will become-dd- Eric Thomas . Pain is strange-dd- A cat killing a bird, a car accident, a fire… Pain arrives, BANG, and there it is, it sits on you-dd- It’s real-dd- And to anybody watching, you look foolish-dd- Like you’ve suddenly become an idiot-dd- There’s no cure for it unless you know somebody who understands how you feel, and knows how to help-dd- Charles Bukowski . I was a man who thrived on solitude; without it I was like another man without food or water-dd- Each day without solitude weakened me-dd- I took no pride in my solitude; but I was dependent on it-dd- The darkness of the room was like sunlight to me-dd- Charles Bukowski . When the pain overtakes you, reach inside-dd- Gather the broken pieces, and hand them to God-dd- Ask Him to remake your heart-dd- Different, this time-dd- Stronger-dd- More beautiful-dd- This is how we are made, and remade by the Maker-dd- Yasmin Mogahed . There are no mistakes in life, only lessons-dd- There is no such thing as a negative experience, only opportunities to grow, learn and advance along the road of self-mastery-dd- From struggle comes strength-dd- Even pain can be a wonderful teacher-dd- Robin S-dd- Sharma . It has been said, time heals all wounds-dd- I do not agree-dd- The wounds remain-dd- In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens-dd- But it is never gone-dd- Rose Kennedy . The two enemies of human happiness are pain and boredom-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Do not resist the pain-dd- Allow it to be there-dd- Surrender to the grief, despair, fear, loneliness, or whatever form the suffering takes-dd- Witness it without labeling it mentally-dd- Embrace it-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Without pain, there would be no suffering, without suffering we would never learn from our mistakes-dd- To make it right, pain and suffering is the key to all windows, without it, there is no way of life-dd- Angelina Jolie . Life will bring you pain all by itself-dd- Your responsibility is to create joy-dd- Milton Erickson . There is nothing that can take the pain away-dd- But eventually you will find a way to live with it-dd- There will be nightmares-dd- And every day when you wake up, it will be the first thing you think about-dd- Until one day, it will be the second thing-dd- Raymond Reddington (The Blacklist) . To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness-dd- Bertrand Russell . Pain is a pesky part of being human, I’ve learned it feels like a stab wound to the heart, something I wish we could all do without, in our lives here-dd- Pain is a sudden hurt that can’t be escaped-dd- But then I have also learned that because of pain, I can feel the beauty, tenderness, and freedom of healing-dd- Pain feels like a fast stab wound to the heart-dd- But then healing feels like the wind against your face when you are spreading your wings and flying through the air-xx- We may not have wings growing out of our backs, but healing is the closest thing that will give us that wind against our faces-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Eventually, the time that was not spent on learning skills will catch up with you, and the fall will be painful-dd- Robert Greene . Change is slow and gradual-dd- It requires hard work, a bit of luck, a fair amount of self-sacrifice, and a lot of patience-dd- Robert Greene . If you’re bored with life, if you don’t get up every morning with a burning desire to do things – you don’t have enough goals-dd- Lou Holtz . It is better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret-dd- Jackie Joyner-Kersee . The wings of transformation are born of patience and struggle-dd- Janet S-dd- Dickens . Your life does not get better by chance-dd- It gets better by change-dd- Jim Rohn . The pain of the mind is worse than the pain of the body-dd- Publilius Syrus . To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it-dd- Charlie Chaplin . The happiest have the shortest memory-dd- The more peaceful let go and let be-dd- The more you live in the past, the more you make your suffering last-dd- Maxime Lagacé (Learn to meditate, go walk in nature, practice a sport every day-dd- Make your health your #1 priority in life-dd-) . Mental pain is less dramatic than physical pain, but it is more common and also more hard to bear-dd- The frequent attempt to conceal mental pain increases the burden: it is easier to say “My tooth is aching” than to say “My heart is broken”-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . No man can think clearly when his fists are clenched-dd- George Jean Nathan . The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter-dd- Unknown . If we took emotional health as seriously as a society as we take learning arithmetic and reading, we would have a much smaller problem-dd- Neil Strauss . My fear delivered one of the great lessons of my life: That someone without fear can’t push himself-dd- He can’t get better-dd- He can’t transform negatives in to positives-dd- He can’t open his world to creativity and invention, or even progress-dd- Georges St-Pierre . The pain and boredom we experience in the initial stage of learning a skill toughens our minds-dd- Robert Greene . Your fears are a kind of prison that confines you within a limited range of action-dd- The less you fear, the more power you will have and the more fully you will live-dd- Robert Greene . A good portion of the things you want in life is outside your comfort zone-dd- Idowu Koyenikan . Most misunderstandings in the world could be avoided if people would simply take the time to ask, “What else could this mean-qq- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Sometimes it’s worse to win a fight than to lose-dd- Billie Holiday . Let me not pray to be sheltered from dangers, but to be fearless in facing them-dd- Let me not beg for the stilling of my pain, but for the heart to conquer it-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears-dd- Les Brown . The art of living lies less in eliminating our troubles than in growing with them-dd- Bernard M-dd- Baruch . Everybody ought to do at least two things each day that he hates to do, just for practice-dd- William James . Every problem has in it the seeds of its own solution-dd- If you don’t have any problems, you don’t get any seeds-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . There are some defeats more triumphant than victories-dd- Michel de Montaigne . God uses suffering as a whetstone, to make men sharp with-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Even our misfortunes are a part of our belongings-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . We only part to meet again-dd- John Gay . These pains you feel are messengers-dd- Listen to them-dd- Rumi . No words can explain the way I’m missing you-dd- Sam Smith . One of my biggest challenge in life was losing someone close to me-dd- One of my biggest learning experience was losing someone close to me-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Birds sing after a storm; why shouldn’t people feel as free to delight in whatever remains to them-qq- Rose F-dd- Kennedy . People fear death even more than pain-dd- It’s strange that they fear death-dd- Life hurts a lot more than death-dd- At the point of death, the pain is over-dd- Yeah, I guess it is a friend-dd- Jim Morrison . Let go-dd- Why do you cling to pain-qq- There is nothing you can do about the wrongs of yesterday-dd- It is not yours to judge-dd- Why hold on to the very thing which keeps you from hope and love-qq- Leo Buscaglia . Grief can be the garden of compassion-dd- If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life’s search for love and wisdom-dd- Rumi . Waste no tears over the grieves of yesterday-dd- Euripides . The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected-dd- Nicholas Sparks . But who can remember pain, once it’s over-qq- All that remains of it is a shadow, not in the mind even, in the flesh-dd- Pain marks you, but too deep to see-dd- Out of sight, out of mind-dd- Margaret Atwood . You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . The spiritual path is not strewn with roses-dd- Haridas Chaudhuri . Sorrow is the mere rust of the soul-dd- Activity will cleanse and brighten it-dd- Samuel Johnson . The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain-dd- It’s the loneliness of it-dd- Memories need to be shared-dd- Lois Lowry . We carry our burden on and on, until one day, suddenly, we laugh and set it down upon the ground-dd- Muriel Strode . We shall draw from the heart of suffering itself the means of inspiration and survival-dd- Winston Churchill . I cursed my misfortune, — and it remained one-dd- Muriel Strode . To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . In the depth of winter, I learned that within me lay an invincible summer-dd- Albert Camus . Chronic pain or other challenges are invitations; gifts that challenge us to learn how to manage the mind-dd- Cheryl Richardson . Chronic pain can be very lonely-dd- It can have a shame-based quality-dd- Jennifer Grey . Of pain you could wish only one thing: that it should stop-dd- Nothing in the world was so bad as physical pain-dd- In the face of pain there are no heroes-dd- George Orwell (1984) . You just do it-dd- You force yourself to get up-dd- You force yourself to put one foot before the other and you refuse to let it get to you-dd- You fight-dd- You cry-dd- Then you go about the business of living-dd- That’s how I’ve done it-dd- There’s no other way-dd- Elizabeth Taylor . If you can sit with your pain, listen to your pain and respect your pain, in time you will move through your pain-dd- Bryant McGill . Somewhere inside that hurting body, there is something better, something stronger, something real-dd- R-dd- M-dd- Drake . Don’t try to understand everything, because sometimes it isn’t meant to be understood, but to be accepted-dd- Unknown . You don’t know pain until you’re staring at yourself in the mirror with tears streaming down your face and you’re begging yourself to just hold on and be strong-dd- Unknown . The pain will not go away by getting angry or bitter-dd- It will go away when you learn to accept life’s challenges with grace and ease-dd- Leon Brown . Diseases can be our spiritual flat tires — disruptions in our lives that seem to be disasters at the time but end by redirecting our lives in a meaningful way-dd- Bernie S-dd- Siegel . Something very beautiful happens to people when their world falls apart-dd- A humility, a nobility, a higher intelligence emerges at just the point when our knees hit the floor-dd- Marianne Wilson . God gave us pain to remind us we are alive, so we will learn to value the joys and beauty of the world-dd- Tom Corr . You are so brave and quiet I forget you are suffering-dd- Ernest Hemingway . It is not what happens to us in life that defines us-dd- It is what we do with it that defines us-dd- Tom Seaman . Your comfort zone is your danger zone-dd- Greg Plitt . Pain is weakness leaving the body-dd- Chesty Puller . Easy choices, hard life-dd- Hard choices, easy life-dd- Jerzy Gregorek . Some people learn to lose-dd- Others lose and learn-dd- Georges St-Pierre . The clearer your vision, the less you’ll be affected by your short-term-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The experience of pain or loss can be a formidably motivating force-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . No pain-dd- No gain-dd- Shut up and train-dd- Unknown . Endure the pain-dd- Enjoy the gain-dd- Unknown . Have the guts to go beyond the pain-dd- Unknown . Sore-dd- The most satisfying pain-dd- Unknown . Don’t quit-dd- You’re already in pain-dd- You’re already hurt-dd- Get a reward from it-dd- Unknown . It never gets easier, you just get better-dd- Unknown . Train insane or remain the same-dd- Unknown . If you don’t find the time, if you don’t do the work, you don’t get the results-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . If you can go through the pain period, you make it to be a champion-dd- If you can’t go through it, forget it-dd- And that’s what most people lack: having the guts – the guts to go in and just say… “I don’t care what happens”-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . If you’re never able to tolerate a little bit of pain and discomfort, you’ll never get better-dd- Angela Duckworth . Pain is temporary-dd- It may last for a minute, or an hour or a day, or even a year-dd- But eventually, it will subside-dd- And something else take its place-dd- Eric Thomas . The last three or four reps is what makes the muscle grow-dd- This area of pain divides the champion from someone else who is not a champion-dd- That’s what most people lack, having the guts to go on and just say they’ll go through the pain no matter what happens-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . Discipline is rarely enjoyable, but almost always profitable-dd- Darrin Patrick . Success at anything will always come down to this: Focus and effort, and we control both-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . It’s not who’s the best – it’s who can take the most pain-dd- Steve Prefontaine . A problem is a chance for you to do your best-dd- Duke Ellington . We acquire the strength we have overcome-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . At the end of pain is success-dd- Eric Thomas . The trick to healing from suffering, I think, is deciding that the pain was worth it-dd- Aella . The true greats will always overcome adversity-dd- Conor McGregor . Eccedentesiast (-dd-n)-dd- Someone who hides pain behind a smile-dd- . Discomfort is the positive sign you are trying new things-dd- By trying new things, you are growing-dd- By growing, you next pain will be diminished-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Without suffering and doubts, the mind will come to rest on cliches and stay there, until the spirit dies as well-dd- Robert Greene . Pain is the great teacher of mankind-dd- Beneath its breath souls develop-dd- Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach . Most people want to avoid pain, and discipline is usually painful-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Face your fears, endure its pain and they will be re-written in the form of pride and dreams-dd- Greg Plitt . Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding-dd- It is the bitter potion by which the physician within you heals your sick self-dd- Therefore, trust the physician and drink his remedy in silence and tranquility-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The things that we’re the most resistant to are usually what we need-dd- And the things we’re most scared to let go of are typically the ones we most need to relinquish-dd- Neil Strauss . The best way to neutralize our natural impatience is to cultivate a kind of pleasure in pain — like an athlete, you come to enjoy rigorous practice, pushing past your limits, and resisting the easy way out-dd- Robert Greene . Experiencing sadness and anger can make you feel more creative, and by being creative, you can get beyond your pain or negativity-dd- Yoko Ono . Smiling is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to hide every pain-dd- Unknown . Adversity introduces a man to himself-dd- Unknown . The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you-dd- If you do that, you’re in control of your life-dd- If you don’t, life controls you-dd- Tony Robbins . In order to rise from its own ashes, a Phoenix first must burn-dd- Octavia Butler . When pain is over, the remembrance of it often becomes a pleasure-dd- Jane Austen . Pain is sometimes the cost of a meaningful existence-dd- I can handle that-dd- Jeb Dickerson . If you ever think about giving up, remember why you held on for so long-dd- Hayley Williams . Our wounds are often the openings into the best and most beautiful part of us-dd- David Richo . Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents which, in prosperous circumstances, would have lain dormant-dd- Horace . Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul-qq- John Keats . The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply-dd- Denis Waitley . Change is hard at first, messy in the middle and gorgeous at the end-dd- Robin Sharma . He who has a why to live can bear almost any how-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . It doesn’t hurt to feel sad from time to time-dd- Willie Nelson . Use your enemy’s arrows for firewood-dd- Matshona Dhliwayo . Knowing what it feels to be in pain, is exactly why we try to be kind to others-dd- Jiraiya . Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you: you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for-dd- Bob Marley . Life is fragile and painful-dd- Life is relationships and attachments-dd- You can learn detachment but you can’t avoid relationships-dd- Learn to dance with that-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness-dd- They are a sign of a pure heart-dd- José N-dd- Harris . Hearts united in pain and sorrow will not be separated by joy and happiness-dd- Bonds that are woven in sadness are stronger than the ties of joy and pleasure-dd- Love that is washed by tears will remain eternally pure and faithful-dd- Kahlil Gibran . We find comfort among those who agree with us — growth among those who don’t-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . You don’t get to choose if you get hurt in this world-dd- But you do have some say in who hurts you-dd- John Green . Hurt me with the truth but never comfort me with a lie-dd- Unknown . I know pain in every way that’s why I never want to hurt anyone-dd- Unknown . My biggest mistake is thinking that people care for me as much as I do for them-dd- Unknown . Truth is like a surgery-dd- It hurts but cures-dd- Lie is like a pain killer-dd- It gives instant relief but has side effects forever-dd- Unknown . What marks the artist is his power to shape the material of pain we all have-dd- Lionel Trilling . Time heals griefs and quarrels, for we change and are no longer the same persons-dd- Neither the offender nor the offended are any more themselves-dd- Blaise Pascal . If I can see pain in your eyes then share with me your tears-dd- If I can see joy in your eyes then share with me your smile-dd- Santosh Kalwar . If you’re in a bad situation, don’t worry it’ll change-dd- If you’re in a good situation, don’t worry it’ll change-dd- John A-dd- Simone Sr . The Lord gives us friends to push us to our potential — and enemies to push us beyond it-dd- Robert Brault . I owe much to my friends; but, all things considered, it strikes me that I owe even more to my enemies-dd- The real person springs life under a sting even better than under a caress-dd- Andre Gide . The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Anger, resentment and jealousy doesn’t change the heart of others – it only changes yours-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Forget what hurt you in the past, but never forget what it taught you-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Live and allow others to live; hurt no one; life is dear to all living beings-dd- Mahavira . Put all excuses aside and remember this – you are capable-dd- Zig Ziglar . Action is a high road to self-confidence and self-esteem-dd- Bruce Lee . Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself-dd- Coco Chanel . Self-command is the main elegance-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Never bend your head-dd- Always hold it high-dd- Look the world straight in the eye-dd- Helen Keller . As is our confidence, so is our capacity-dd- William Hazlitt . If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Confidence comes from caring-dd- Caring comes from love-dd- Maxime Lagacé . One important key to success is self-confidence-dd- An important key to self-confidence is preparation-dd- Arthur Ashe . A true genius admits that he/she knows nothing-dd- Albert Einstein . A great man is always willing to be little-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Confidence comes from being prepared-dd- John Wooden . I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship-dd- Louisa May Alcott . The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent full of doubt-dd- Bertrand Russell . Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong-dd- Peter T-dd- Mcintyre . Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement-dd- Nothing can be done without hope and confidence-dd- Helen Keller . All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure-dd- Mark Twain . I do not care so much what I am to others as I care what I am to myself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Confidence is the food of the wise man but the liquor of the fool-dd- Vikram (The Office) . Be faithful to that which exists within yourself-dd- Andre Gide . Nothing builds self-esteem and self-confidence like accomplishment-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Your desire for what you want just has to be greater than your fear of it-dd- That’s all-dd- Neil Strauss . Courage starts with showing up and letting ourselves be seen-dd- Brené Brown (Daring Greatly) . Every time I became too confident, life reminded me I should not-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Our levels of desire, patience, persistence, and confidence end up playing a much larger role in success than sheer reasoning powers-dd- Robert Greene . The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Life is not easy for any of us-dd- But what of that-qq- We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves-dd- We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained-dd- Marie Curie . Every woman that finally figured out her worth, has picked up her suitcases of pride and boarded a flight to freedom, which landed in the valley of change-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . There can be no failure to a man who has not lost his courage, his character, his self respect, or his self-confidence-dd- He is still a King-dd- Orison Swett Marden . Look well into thyself; there is a source of strength which will always spring up if thou wilt always look-dd- Marcus Aurelius . If you believe it will work out, you’ll see opportunities-dd- If you believe it won’t you will see obstacles-dd- Wayne Dyer . The world belongs to those who set out to conquer it armed with self confidence and good humour-dd- Charles Dickens . Believe in your infinite potential-dd- Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Skill and confidence are an unconquered army-dd- George Herbert . The world steps aside for the man who knows where he is going-dd- James Allen . Confidence is preparation-dd- Everything else is beyond your control-dd- Richard Kline . One learns to ignore criticism by first learning to ignore applause-dd- Robert Brault (This is one of my favorite confidence quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me-dd- Ayn Rand . A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval-dd- Mark Twain . Be a lamp for yourselves-dd- Be your own refuge-dd- Seek for no other-dd- All things must pass-dd- Strive on diligently-dd- Don’t give up-dd- Buddha . No one can make you feel inferior without your consent-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face-dd- You must do the thing which you think you cannot do-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen-dd- Michael Jordan . You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them-dd- Michael Jordan . Man often becomes what he believes himself to be-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Believing that the dots will connect down the road will give you the confidence to follow your heart-dd- Steve Jobs . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Health is the greatest possession-dd- Contentment is the greatest treasure-dd- Confidence is the greatest friend-dd- Non-being is the greatest joy-dd- Lao Tzu . Somehow I can’t believe that there are any heights that can’t be scaled by a man who knows the secrets of making dreams come true-dd- This special secret, it seems to me, can be summarized in four C s-dd- They are curiosity, confidence, courage, and constancy, and the greatest of all is confidence-dd- When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable-dd- Walt Disney . Act as if what you do makes a difference-dd- It does-dd- William James . Confidence is contagious-dd- So is lack of confidence-dd- Vince Lombardi . You can have anything you want, if you want it badly enough-dd- Abraham Lincoln . You can be anything you want to be, do anything you set out to accomplish if you hold that desire with singleness of purpose-dd- Abraham Lincoln . The secret is contained in a three-part formula I learned in the gym: self-confidence, a positive mental attitude, and honest hard work-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was-dd- Muhammad Ali . Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage-dd- Anaïs Nin . They can do all because they think they can-dd- Virgil . The more you care, the stronger you can be-dd- Jim Rohn . Don’t say, “If I could, I would”-dd- Say, “If I can, I will”-dd- Jim Rohn . Don’t settle-dd- Don’t struggle-dd- Naval Ravikant . Start with the end in mind-dd- Stephen Covey . Humor comes from self-confidence-dd- Rita Mae Brown . We are what we believe we are-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Don’t rush-dd- Just do your thing-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Courage is the birthplace of confidence-dd- Debbie Millman . Confidence is a very fragile thing-dd- Joe Montana . All that matters is how you see yourself-dd- Conor McGregor . Be proud to wear you-dd- Dodinsky . A bold act requires a high degree of confidence-dd- Robert Greene . Many admire and glorify those who act boldly-dd- Robert Greene . Confidence cannot find a place wherein to rest in safety-dd- Virgil . Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Confidence is silent and insecurity is loud-dd- Unknown . You were born to be real, not to be perfect-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Abundance comes from a place of confidence-dd- Unknown . Old ways won’t open new doors-dd- Unknown . Inhale confidence-dd- Exhale doubt-dd- Unknown . When you have confidence, you can do anything-dd- Sloane Stephens . Experience tells you what to do; confidence allows you to do it-dd- Stan Smith . As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Focus on your greater goal, your destiny-dd- Robert Greene . You can steer yourself in any direction you choose-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . To give oneself is the only way of becoming oneself-dd- Earl Nightingale . Anything is achievable-dd- Be positive, be enthusiastic, and project confidence-dd- Sarah Doukas . What a man thinks of himself, that it is which determines, or rather indicates his fate-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Confidence is everything-dd- We live in our own minds, and we die in our own minds-dd- So if we are incredible in our minds, we live and die incredibly-dd- Kenneth Nate . Stay afraid, but do it anyway-dd- What’s important is the action-dd- You don’t have to wait to be confident-dd- Just do it and eventually the confidence will follow-dd- Carrie Fisher . The more you repeat to yourself that you can do it, the more that path will be grooved in your mind-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Embrace today, discard yesterday and have confidence in tomorrow-dd- Tim Fargo . The only failure is quitting-dd- Everything else is just gathering information-dd- Jen Sincero (You Are A Badass) . If you want to conquer fear, don’t sit home and think about it-dd- Go out and get busy-dd- Dale Carnegie . Don’t wait until everything is just right-dd- It will never be perfect-dd- There will always be challenges, obstacles and less than perfect conditions-dd- So what-dd- Get started now-dd- With each step you take, you will grow stronger and stronger, more and more skilled, more and more self-confident and more and more successful-dd- Mark Victor Hansen . The sun himself is weak when he first rises, and gathers strength and courage as the day gets on-dd- Charles Dickens . Confidence and hard work is the best medicine to kill the disease called failure-dd- It will make you successful person-dd- Abdul Kalam . Your dream doesn’t have an expiration date-dd- Take a deep breath and try again-dd- K-dd-T-dd- Witten . When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun-dd- And when you have fun, you can do amazing things-dd- Joe Namath . Courage doesn’t always roar-dd- Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says I’ll try again tomorrow-dd- Mary Anne Radmacher . I wish I could show you, when you are lonely or in darkness, the astonishing light of your own being-dd- Hafiz . Remember that wherever your heart is, there you will find your treasure-dd- Paulo Coelho . A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him-dd- David Brinkley . You are constantly invited to be what you are-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . How long should you try-qq- Until-dd- Jim Rohn . All I want to do is change the world-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . Preparation for tomorrow is hard work today-dd- Bruce Lee . I don’t have the confidence to pull off a moustache-dd- Rich Sommer . You wouldn’t worry so much about what others think of you if you realized how seldom they do-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . There’s nothing as unstoppable as a freight train full of fuck-yeah-dd- Jen Sincero (You Are A Badass) . Anyone can be confident with a full head of hair-dd- But a confident bald man – there’s your diamond in the rough-dd- Larry David . Maybe Nike has it right-dd- At some point we have to stop thinking, and just do it-dd- Katty Kay (The Confidence Code) . The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence-dd- Charles Bukowski . I quit being afraid when my first venture failed and the sky didn’t fall down-dd- Al Neuharth . Because of the self-confidence with which he had spoken, no one could tell whether what he said was very clever or very stupid-dd- Leo Tolstoy . If you want to improve your self-worth, stop giving other people the calculator-dd- Tim Fargo . I have great faith in fools; self-confidence my friends call it-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . What could we accomplish if we knew we could not fail-qq- Eleanor Roosevelt . The deep roots never doubt spring will come-dd- Marty Rubin . Do what is easy and your life will be hard-dd- Do what is hard and your life will become easy-dd- Les Brown . It is best to act with confidence, no matter how little right you have to it-dd- Lillian Hellman . I would rather be my own tyrant than have some one else tyrannize me-dd- John D-dd- Rockerfeller . Stop acting so small-dd- You are the universe in ecstatic motion-dd- Rumi . It’s all in your head-dd- You have the power to make things seem hard or easy or even amusing-dd- The choice is yours-dd- Seneca . The best time to have confidence is after a defeat-dd- The worst time is after a win-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Indifference to little things will give you superpowers-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The greater the artist, the greater the doubt-dd- Perfect confidence is granted to the less talented as a consolation prize-dd- Robert Hughes . Your fears of the consequences of a bold action are way out of proportion to reality, and in fact the consequences of timidity are worse-dd- Robert Greene . When you act, act effortlessly, as if you could do much more-dd- Avoid the temptation of revealing how hard you work – it only raises questions-dd- Robert Greene . I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Being brave enough to be alone frees you up to invite people into your life because you want them and not because you need them-dd- Mandy Hale . Confidence is a plant of slow growth in an aged bosom: youth is the season of credulity-dd- William Pitt . The more you seek the uncomfortable the more you will become comfortable-dd- Conor McGregor . Self-control is strength-dd- Right thought is mastery-dd- Calmness is power-dd- James Allen . Confidence contributes more to conversation than wit-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . I’m standing in the ashes of who I used to be-dd- Halsey . Never be bullied into silence-dd- Never allow yourself to be made a victim-dd- Accept no one’s definition of your life; define yourself-dd- Harvey Fierstein . The more validation I need, the less discernment I have-dd- Kurt Hanks . You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can’t have it-dd- Robert Anthony . We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be-dd- Jane Austen . I am not a product of my circumstances-dd- I am a product of my decisions-dd- Stephen Covey . We don’t see things as they are, we see them as we are-dd- Anais Nin . If you don’t ask, the answer is always no-dd- Nora Roberts . We should do everything both cautiously and confidently at the same time-dd- Epictetus . I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right-dd- Muhammad Ali Jinnah . Don’t try to be the most confident person in the room-dd- Try to be the one who worked the most before entering the room-dd- Maxime Lagacé . What culture triumphs-qq- The culture with the right combination of self-criticism and self-confidence-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Teaching is, and always will be, about building confidence… confidence is about expecting a positive result…expecting a positive result drives the desire to learn-dd- Everything else is just details-dd- Tom Schimmer . We think confidence causes success, but it’s more often a result of success – mastering something hard or accomplishing something meaningful-dd- Adam Grant . A man should never be ashamed to own he has been wrong, which is but saying, that he is wiser today than he was yesterday-dd- Alexander Pope . I am only one, but I am one-dd- I cannot do everything, but I can do something-dd- And because I cannot do everything, I will not refuse to do the something that I can do-dd- Edward Everett Hale . Confidence isn’t walking into a room thinking you’re better than everyone, it’s walking in not having to compare yourself to anyone at all-dd- Unknown . Confidence comes naturally with success but success comes only to those who are confident-dd- Unknown . Confidence must be monitored so that it does not spoil or rot and turn to arrogance-dd- John Wooden . A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation-dd- Moliere . I believe the process of going from confusion to understanding is a precious, even emotional, experience that can be the foundation of self-confidence-dd- Brian Greene . Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter, and those who matter don’t mind-dd- Bernard M-dd- Baruch (Falsy attributed-dd- Check out Quote Investigator for more) . I have no responsibility to be like they expect me to be-dd- It’s their mistake, not my failing-dd- Richard P-dd- Feynman . To share your weakness is to make yourself vulnerable; to make yourself vulnerable is to show your strength-dd- Criss Jami . If you enter an action with less than total confidence, you set up obstacles in your own path-dd- Robert Greene . When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you-dd- African proverb . Overconfidence is a product of ignorance-dd- Adam Grant . Laugh at your problems; everybody else does-dd- Seneca . It means nothing to me-dd- I have no opinion about it, and I don’t care-dd- Pablo Picasso . Confidence is directness and courage in meeting the facts of life-dd- John Dewey . Don’t go through life, grow through life-dd- Eric Butterworth . A life filled with complete certainty is absurdity-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Care about people’s approval, and you will always be their prisoner-dd- Lao Tzu . Keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself-dd- Lucille Ball . Every path but your own is the path of fate-dd- Keep on your own track, then-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Be a lifelong student-dd- The more you learn, the more you earn and the more self-confidence you will have-dd- Brian Tracy . Real pleasure comes from overcoming challenges, feeling confidence in your abilities, and experiencing the power this brings-dd- Robert Greene . Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that’s very important for good health-dd- Dalai Lama . Confidence is at the root of so many attractive qualities, a sense of humor, a sense of style, a willingness to be who you are no matter what anyone else might think or say-dd- Wentworth Miller . Don’t worry about who doesn’t like you, who has more, or who’s doing what-dd- Erma Bombeck . Get more confidence by doing things that excite and frighten you-dd- Jessica Williams . Other people’s opinion of you does not have to become your reality-dd- Les Brown . Why should we worry about what others think of us, do we have more confidence in their opinions than we do our own-qq- Brigham Young . A young outcast will often feel that there is something wrong with himself, but as he gets older, grows more confident in who he is, he will adapt, he will begin to feel that there is something wrong with everyone else-dd- Criss Jami . Sometimes, if you fake confidence long enough, you’re going to be confident-dd- Elle King . If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life-dd- With confidence, you have won even before you have started-dd- Cicero . By not caring too much about what people think, I’m able to think for myself and propagate ideas which are very often unpopular-dd- And I succeed-dd- Albert Ellis . For it is in your power to retire into yourself whenever you choose-dd- Marcus Aurelius . He who has peace of mind disturbs neither himself nor another-dd- Epicurus . Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts-dd- Charles Dickens . He is most powerful who governs himself-dd- Seneca . Man conquers the world by conquering himself-dd- Zeno of Citium . Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings-dd- Samuel Johnson . Little triumphs are the pennies of self-esteem-dd- Florence King . Trust yourself-dd- You know more than you think you do-dd- Dr-dd- Benjamin Spock . The strongest force in the universe is a human being living consistently with his identity-dd- Tony Robbins . Learn to still your waters-dd- The calmer you are on the inside, the more you’ll be comfortable when it’s boiling-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The only way to totally own yourself is to not need anything from anyone-dd- The Ancient Sage . Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence-dd- Robert Frost . A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power-dd- Brian Tracy . Decide what you want, believe you can have it, believe you deserve it and believe it’s possible for you-dd- Jack Canfield . When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find the ways to do it-dd- Believing a solution paves the way to solution-dd- David J-dd- Schwartz (The Magic of Thinking Big) . I believe in myself so much that nothing is going to stop me-dd- Conor McGregor . Real self-esteem is an integration of an inner value with things in the world around you-dd- Anna Deavere Smith . The maintenance of self-esteem is a continuous task that taxes all of the individual’s power and inner resources-dd- We have to prove our worth and justify our existence anew each day-dd- Bruce Lee . It’s about your worth-dd- Your self-worth… You — and only you — can ultimately put the price tag on that-dd- Anna Deavere Smith . Failure has to be an option in art and in exploration – because it’s a leap of faith-dd- And no important endeavor that required innovation was done without risk-dd- You have to be willing to take those risks-dd- James Cameron . The root cause of superstition is lack of self-confidence-dd- Bhagavad Gita . I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence-dd- Frederick Douglass . I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within-dd- It was there all the time-dd- Anna Freud . Believe in yourself-xx- Have faith in your abilities-xx- Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Confidence is not, “They’ll like me”-dd- Confidence is “I’ll be fine if they don’t”-dd- Christina Grimmie . Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . When I was growing up, I always knew I’d be in the top of my class in math, and that gave me a lot of self-confidence-dd- Sergey Brin (Google) . Believe in yourself and there will come a day when others will have no choice but to believe with you-dd- Cynthia Kersey . The greatest step toward success is self-confidence-dd- The greatest builder of self confidence is self esteem, and self esteem comes from doing the daily things you know you should do-dd- Jim Rohn . What happens inside always appears outside-dd- Earl Nightingale . Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love-dd- Brené Brown . To love oneself is the beginning of a life-long romance-dd- Oscar Wilde . The man who does not value himself, cannot value anything or anyone-dd- Ayn Rand . A calm person remains undisturbed in the excitement of the moment-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Love yourself first and everything else falls into line-dd- You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world-dd- Lucille Ball . Kindness in words creates confidence-dd- Kindness in thinking creates profoundness-dd- Kindness in giving creates love-dd- Lao Tzu . Be royal in your own fashion: Act like a king to be treated like one-dd- Robert Greene . The inner speech, your thoughts, can cause you to be rich or poor, loved or unloved, happy or unhappy, attractive or unattractive, powerful or weak-dd- Ralph Charell . You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection-dd- Sharon Salzberg . The deeper you love yourself, the more the universe will affirm your worth-dd- Alan Cohen . The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others-dd- Sonya Friedman . Never dull your shine for somebody else-dd- Tyra Banks . Only a weak person needed someone else around all the time-dd- Sarah Dessen . Trust yourself-dd- Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life-dd- Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement-dd- Golda Meir . Until you value yourself, you won’t value your time-dd- Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . No one will listen to us until we listen to ourselves-dd- Marianne Williamson . Confidence comes with maturity, being more accepting of yourself-dd- Nicole Scherzinger . Because one believes in oneself, one doesn’t try to convince others-dd- Because one is content with oneself, one doesn’t need others’ approval-dd- Because one accepts oneself, the whole world accepts him/her-dd- Lao Tzu . If ever there is tomorrow when we’re not together… there is something you must always remember-dd- You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think-dd- But the most important thing is, even if we’re apart… I’ll always be with you-dd- Carter Crocker . One of the greatest regrets in life is being what others would want you to be, rather than being yourself-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Confidence is the willingness to be as ridiculous, luminous, intelligent, and kind as you really are, without embarrassment-dd- Susan Piver . Only the person who has faith in himself is able to be faithful to others-dd- Erich Fromm . Lend yourself to others, but give yourself to yourself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Beauty is an attitude-dd- Estee Lauder . Nothing you wear is more important than your smile-dd- Connie Stevens . The most beautiful thing you can wear is confidence-dd- Blake Lively . Be confident in the skin you are in, because that is the only body you will ever have, the only place that will ever be solely yours… you can be beautiful in your own way-dd- And you have to accept, and own it-dd- Deejae Harper . Part 1-dd- You know what’s really, powerfully sexy-qq- A sense of humor-dd- A taste for adventure-dd- A healthy glow-dd- Hips to grab on to-dd- Openness-dd- Confidence-dd- Humility-dd- Appetite-dd- Intuition-dd- Courtney E-dd- Martin . Part 2-dd- Smart-ass comebacks-dd- Presence-dd- A quick wit-dd- Dirty jokes told by an innocent-looking lady-dd- A storyteller-dd- A genius-dd- A doctor-dd- A new mother-dd- A woman who realizes beautiful she is-dd- Courtney E-dd- Martin . Self-confidence is the most attractive quality a person can have-dd- How can anyone see how great you are if you can’t see it yourself-qq- Unknown . Being comfortable with who you are is the ultimate treat-dd- Sean Beaudoin . I think confidence is the most appealing quality in any human being or any artist; that’s what really attracts us to people-dd- Marilyn Manson . There’s power in looking silly and not caring that you do-dd- Amy Poehler . Outer beauty pleases the eye-dd- Inner beauty captivates the heart-dd- Mandy Hale . It is the mind that makes the body rich-dd- Andrew Carnegie . It is confidence in our bodies, minds and spirits that allows us to keep looking for new adventures-dd- Oprah Winfrey . A great figure or physique is nice, but it’s self-confidence that makes someone really sexy-dd- Vivica Fox . I found I was more confident when I stopped trying to be someone else’s definition of beautiful and started being my own-dd- – Remington Miller . True beauty is the flame of self-confidence that shines from the inside out-dd- Barrie Davenport . Smile, for everyone lacks self-confidence and more than any other one thing a smile reassures them-dd- Andre Maurois . Sex appeal is fifty percent what you’ve got and fifty percent what people think you’ve got-dd- Sophia Loren . Confidence makes you sexy-dd- Queen Latifah . A boss creates fear, a leader confidence-dd- Russell H-dd- Ewing . When the leader lacks confidence, the followers lack commitment-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Don’t let your confidence blinds you of the opportunities that exist-dd- Balancing you certainty with uncertainty is the only thing that will keep you fresh and alert-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Your mind will never go blank when it is well prepared-dd- Robert Greene . We admire the bold and prefer to be around them because their self-confidence infects us-dd- Robert Greene . If you are not presenting your message with confidence and self-belief, why should anyone have confidence or belief in your message-qq- Loren Weisman . A true leader has the confidence to stand alone, the courage to make tough decisions, and the compassion to listen to the needs of others-dd- Douglas MacArthur . Don’t join an easy crowd; you won’t grow-dd- Go where the expectations and the demands to perform are high-dd- Jim Rohn . If you’re indifferent to what people think, you can be confident, and if you’re confident, you can speak well-dd- Naval Ravikant . Self-confidence results, first, from exact knowledge; second, the ability to impart that knowledge-dd- Napoleon Hill . Nothing so bolsters our self-confidence and reconciles us with ourselves as the continuous ability to create; to see things grow and develop under our hand, day in, day out-dd- Eric Hoffer . True confidence has no room for jealousy and envy-dd- When you know you are great, you have no reason to hate-dd- Unknown . In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different-dd- Coco Chanel . Self-confidence carries conviction; it makes other people believe in us-dd- Orison Swett Marden . People who ask confidently get more than those who are hesitant and uncertain-dd- When you’ve figured out what you want to ask for, do it with certainty, boldness and confidence-dd- Jack Canfield . Giving people self-confidence is by far the most important thing that I can do-dd- Because then they will act-dd- Jack Welch . Staying silent is like a slow growing cancer to the soul and a trait of a true coward-dd- There is nothing intelligent about not standing up for yourself-dd- You may not win every battle-dd- However, everyone will at least know what you stood for — you-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . You see, the point is that the strongest man in the world is he who stands most alone-dd- Henrik Ibsen . The man of genius inspires us with a boundless confidence in our own powers-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . He who asks with timidity invites a refusal-dd- Seneca . If you want to be wrong then follow the masses-dd- Socrates . In every person there is a sun-dd- Just let them shine-dd- Socrates . Confidence comes from discipline and training-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can-dd- Paul Tournier . You have to have confidence in your ability, and then be tough enough to follow through-dd- Rosalynn Carter . If you practice something for a few hundred hours, you will almost certainly see great improvement-dd- K-dd- Anders Ericsson . Each time we face our fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . I was never the most confident person but I was the one who worked the hardest and that made all the difference-dd- Maxime Lagacé . You have to believe in yourself when no one else does – that makes you a winner right there-dd- Venus Williams . Your success depends mainly upon what you think of yourself and whether you believe in yourself-dd- William J-dd- H-dd- Boetcker . When a team outgrows individual performance and learns team confidence, excellence becomes a reality-dd- Joe Paterno . Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Confidence doesn’t come out of nowhere-dd- It’s a result of something… hours and days and weeks and years of constant work and dedication-dd- Roger Staubach . If you can see it here, and you have the courage enough to speak it, it will happen-dd- Conor McGregor . Success is most often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable-dd- Coco Chanel . If you’re going to gain something, gain respect and confidence-dd- And if you’re going to hate something, hate the false idea that you are not capable of your dreams-dd- Daniel Goldston . If you want to find the real competition, just look in the mirror-dd- After awhile you’ll see your rivals scrambling for second place-dd- Criss Jami . Set your mind on a definite goal and observe how quickly the world stands aside to let you pass-dd- Napoleon Hill . The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it-dd- Andrew Carnegie . It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves-dd- Edmund Hillary . The most terrifying thing is to accept oneself completely-dd- Carl Jung . Fear doesn’t exist anywhere except in the mind-dd- Dale Carnegie . Doubt is a sign of developing expertise-dd- Adam Grant . To be successful is simple: you keep going despite the challenges, the uncertainty, the doubts, the failures-dd- . If you are worried about failure or going through a period of mental and financial instability… your worries will be reflected in the results-dd- Robert Greene . Don’t let others put thoughts into your mind that takes away your self-confidence-dd- Katori Hall . Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are-dd- Malcolm Forbes . Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do-dd- John Wooden . Inaction breeds doubt and fear-dd- Action breeds confidence and courage-dd- Dale Carnegie . Successful people have fear, successful people have doubts, and successful people have worries-dd- They just don’t let these feelings stop them-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism-dd- Norman Vincent Peale (The Power of Positive Thinking) . Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure-dd- Marianne Williamson . Your playing small does not serve the world-dd- Who are you not to be great-qq- Marianne Williamson . The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it-dd- J-dd- M-dd- Barrie . Whenever we’re afraid, it’s because we don’t know enough-dd- If we understood enough, we would never be afraid-dd- Earl Nightingale . If you are insecure, guess what-qq- The rest of the world is too-dd- Do not overestimate the competition and underestimate yourself-dd- You are better than you think-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Unfortunately, unless we’re focused on building up our courage, which gives us our self-confidence and all that we need to make quantum change in our lives, the voice of fear will always take the lead inside our minds-dd- Debbie Ford . You have to grow from the inside out-dd- None can teach you, none can make you spiritual-dd- There is no other teacher but your own soul-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Nothing holds you back more than your own insecurities-dd- Unknown . Stop beating yourself up-dd- You are a work in progress; which means you get there a little at a time, not all at once-dd- Unknown . Stop hating yourself for everything you are not-dd- Start loving yourself for everything that you are-dd- Unknown . Low self-esteem is like driving through life with your hand-break on-dd- Maxwell Maltz . Low self-confidence isn’t a life sentence-dd- Self-confidence can be learned, practiced, and mastered — just like any other skill-dd- Once you master it, everything in your life will change for the better-dd- Barrie Davenport . Insecurity kills more dreams than failure ever will-dd- Suzy Kassem . The eyes of others our prisons; their thoughts our cages-dd- Virginia Woolf . To find yourself, think for yourself-dd- Socrates . The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it-dd- Criss Jami . Ego is false confidence, self-respect is true confidence-dd- Naval Ravikant . When you are confident and arrogant, you are weak-dd- When you are humble and kind, you are strong-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Massive self-confidence is boring-dd- Simon Conway Morris . It is the certainty that they possess the truth that makes men cruel-dd- Anatole France . There is a very thin line between confidence and arrogance-dd- Adam Peaty . Or, rather, let us be more simple and less vain-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . People that put themselves above others will fall longer and harder-dd- Gina Lindley . None are so empty as those who are full of themselves-dd- Benjamin Whichcote . The ego relies on the familiar-dd- It is reluctant to experience the unknown, which is they very essence of life-dd- Deepak Chopra . Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Confidence is ignorance-dd- If you’re feeling cocky, it’s because there’s something you don’t know-dd- Eoin Colfer . Believe in yourself-dd- Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work-dd- Dr-dd- Roopleen . Flattery is all right so long as you don’t inhale-dd- Adlai Stevenson . The less you talk the more people think about your words-dd- Unknown . Confidence is important, but if it is not based on a realistic appraisal of who you are, it is mere grandiosity and smugness-dd- Robert Greene . Understand: You should be radiating confidence, not arrogance or disdain-dd- Robert Greene . If a man thinks he is not conceited, he is very conceited indeed-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Make your ego porous-dd- Will is of little importance, complaining is nothing, fame is nothing-dd- Openness, patience, receptivity, solitude is everything-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, “He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would not have mentioned these alone”-dd- Epictetus . Class is an aura of confidence that is being sure without being cocky-dd- Class has nothing to do with money-dd- Class never runs scared-dd- It is self-discipline and self-knowledge-dd- It’s the sure-footedness that comes with having proved you can meet life-dd- Ann Landers . Humility has nothing to do with the insecure and inadequate-xx- Just like arrogance has nothing to do with greatness-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . You never really learn much from hearing yourself speak-dd- George Clooney . On the highest throne in the world, we still sit only on our own bottom-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Do all the good you can and make as little fuss about it as possible-dd- Charles Dickens . The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes-dd- Winston Churchill . You’re never as good as everyone tells you when you win, and you’re never as bad as they say when you lose-dd- Lou Holtz . The better you feel about yourself, the less you feel the need to show off-dd- Robert Hand . Self-confidence may be mistaken for egotism if it is not accompanied by humility of the heart-dd- Napoleon Hill . Confidence turns into pride only when you are in denial of your mistakes-dd- Criss Jami . A bad day for your ego is a great day for your soul-dd- Jillian Michaels . The less promise and potency in the self, the more imperative is the need for pride-dd- The core of pride is self-rejection-dd- Bruce Lee . To be overly confident or without doubt seems silly to me-dd- Anna Deavere Smith . Great tranquility of heart is his who cares for neither praise nor blame-dd- Thomas a Kempis . Accept who you are and revel in it-dd- Mitch Albom . Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric-dd- Bertrand Russell . Confidence should not be your goal-dd- Improving should-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you’re presenting yourself with confidence, you can pull off pretty much anything-dd- Katy Perry . Gaining confidence means getting outside your comfort zone, experiencing setbacks, and, with determination, picking yourself up again-dd- Katty Kay (The Confidence Code) . Confidence is key-dd- Sometimes, you need to look like you’re confident even when you’re not-dd- Vanessa Hudgens . When you stop living your life based on what others think of you real life begins-dd- At that moment, you will finally see the door of self acceptance opened-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . To learn you need a certain degree of confidence, not too much and not too little-dd- If you have too little confidence, you will think you can’t learn-dd- If you have too much, you will think you don’t have to learn-dd- Eric Hoffer . When you do not seek or need approval, you are at your most powerful-dd- Caroline Myss . Young man, make your name worth something-dd- Andrew Carnegie . My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me-dd- Henry Ford . I think if you can dance and be free and not embarrassed, you can rule the world-dd- Amy Poehler . Don’t waste your energy trying to change opinions-dd- Do you thing, and don’t care if they like it-dd- Tina Fey . For once, you believed in yourself-dd- You believed you were beautiful and so did the rest of the world-dd- Sarah Dessen . Female inferiority is internalised by us-dd- Women need a lot more confidence-dd- Gloria Steinem . If you live off a man’s compliments, you’ll die from his criticism-dd- Cornelius Lindsey . I’m a woman, phenomenally-dd- Phenomenal woman, that’s me-dd- Maya Angelou . It’s okay to be scared-dd- Being scared means you’re about to do something really, really brave-dd- Mandy Hale . Through my education, I didn’t just develop skills, I didn’t just develop the ability to learn, but I developed confidence-dd- Michelle Obama . Elegance is a statement, an attitude-dd- Elegant women are women of character with confidence-dd- Elie Saab . It is she who has enough confidence to define success and failure for herself who succeeds-dd- Sophia Amoruso . Think like a queen-dd- A queen is not afraid to fail-dd- Failure is another stepping stone to greatness-dd- Oprah Winfrey . I don’t like to gamble, but if there’s one thing I’m willing to bet one, it’s myself-dd- Beyonce . Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger-dd- Arnold Palmer . It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up-dd- Vince Lombardi . Regardless of how you feel inside, always try to look like a winner-dd- Arthur Ashe . If you’re waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you’ll never make it-dd- Criss Jami . What’s the worst thing that can happen to a quarterback-qq- He loses his confidence-dd- Terry Bradshaw . When you see it in your head, you gonna see it before your eyes-dd- Conor McGregor . You need to play with supreme confidence, or else you’ll lose again, and then losing becomes a habit-dd- Joe Paterno . That was my way of getting through difficult times of low confidence – hard work-dd- David Beckham . Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy-dd- Brian Tracy . The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good-dd- Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom-dd- James Allen . To be evenminded is the greatest virtue-dd- Heraclitus . Just keep in mind: the more we value things outside our control, the less control we have-dd- Epictetus . The tranquility that comes when you stop caring what they say-dd- Or think, or do-dd- Only what you do-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately-dd- Seneca . It does not matter what you bear, but how you bear it-dd- Seneca . A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials-dd- Seneca . To be calm is the highest achievement of the self-dd- Zen proverb . He has the most who is content with the least-dd- Diogenes . Self-control is strength-dd- Right thought is mastery-dd- Calmness is power-dd- James Allen . Man conquers the world by conquering himself-dd- Zeno of Citium . Learn to be indifferent to what makes no difference-dd- Marcus Aurelius . To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden-dd- Seneca . The willing are led by fate, the reluctant dragged-dd- Cleanthes . Too many people believe that everything must be pleasurable in life-dd- Robert Greene . A rational person can find peace by cultivating indifference to things outside of their control-dd- Naval Ravikant . If you are easily provoked you are easily controlled-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Be an island of calm in the sea of craziness-dd- The Ancient Sage . Relentlessly prune bullshit, don’t wait to do things that matter, and savor the time you have-dd- Paul Graham . Be a master of the mind, not mastered by the mind-dd- Zen proverb . The more you seek the uncomfortable, the more you will become comfortable-dd- Conor McGregor . Failure and deprivation are the best educators and purifiers-dd- Albert Einstein . If it’s endurable, then endure it-dd- Stop complaining-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Between stimulus and response, there is a space-dd- In that space is our power to choose our response-dd- Viktor Frankl . When someone is properly grounded in life, they shouldn’t have to look outside themselves for approval-dd- Epictetus . Success is based off of your willingness to work your ass off no matter what obstacles are in your way-dd- David Goggins . If you make happiness your goal, you’ll be disappointed-dd- If you make presence your goal, you’ll be satisfied-dd- Maxime Lagacé . To make a goal of comfort or happiness has never appealed to me; a system of ethics built on this basis would be sufficient only for a herd of cattle-dd- Albert Einstein . The great law of nature is that it never stops-dd- There is no end-dd- Ryan Holiday . The ultimate power in life is to be completely self-reliant, completely yourself-dd- Robert Greene . That one wants nothing to be different, not forward, not backwards, not in all eternity-dd- Not merely bear what is necessary, still less conceal it… but love it-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit-dd- The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The mind that is anxious about future events is miserable-dd- Seneca . The wise man is neither raised up by prosperity nor cast down by adversity; for always he has striven to rely predominantly on himself, and to derive all joy from himself-dd- Seneca . Don’t explain your philosophy-dd- Embody it-dd- Epictetus . I love to go and see all the things I am happy without-dd- Socrates (On going to the market) . The robbed that smiles steals something from the thief-dd- Othello (This is one of my favorite stoic quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Stoicism is about the domestication of emotions, not their elimination-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . A Stoic is someone who transforms fear into prudence, pain into transformation, mistakes into initiation, and desire into undertaking-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Stoicism teaches how to keep a calm and rational mind no matter what happens to you and it helps you understand and focus on what you can control and not worry about and accept what you can’t control-dd- Jonas Salzgeber . Stoicism, understood properly, is a cure for a disease-dd- The disease in question is the anxiety, grief, fear, and various other negative emotions that plague humans and prevent them from experiencing a joyful existence-dd- William B-dd- Irvine . Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be, be one-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick-dd- Don’t lose faith-dd- Steve Jobs . The true hero is one who conquers his own anger and hatred-dd- Dalai Lama . Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants-dd- Epictetus . He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has-dd- Epictetus . What you’re supposed to do when you don’t like a thing is change it-dd- If you can’t change it, change the way you think about it-dd- Don’t complain-dd- Maya Angelou . You have power over your mind — not outside events-dd- Realize this, and you will find strength-dd- Marcus Aurelius . When you wake up in the morning, tell yourself: the people I deal with today will be meddling, ungrateful, arrogant, dishonest, jealous and surly-dd- They are like this because they can’t tell good from evil-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms – to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way-dd- Viktor Frankl (Man’s Search for Meaning) . Many men will meet me who are drunkards, lustful, ungrateful, greedy, and excited by the frenzy of ambition-dd- Seneca . Set aside a certain number of days during which you shall be content with the scantiest and cheapest fare, with coarse and rough dress, saying to yourself the while, “Is this the condition that I feared-qq-” Seneca . It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor-dd- Seneca . ‎Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats-dd- Voltaire . The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook-dd- William James . What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do-dd- Tim Ferriss . The things you own end up owning you-dd- Joshua Fields Millburn (The Minimalists) . Is there such a thing as a cheerful pessimist-qq- That’s what I am-dd- Charlie Munger . It is not daily increase but daily decrease, hack away the unessential-dd- The closer to the source, the less wastage there is-dd- Bruce Lee . The reason why we have two ears and only one mouth is so we might listen more and talk less-dd- Zeno of Citium . I begin to speak only when I’m certain what I’ll say isn’t better left unsaid-dd- Cato The Younger . If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished-qq- Rumi . Be content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are-dd- When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you-dd- Lao Tzu . Nothing endures but change-dd- Heraclitus . Why should we pay so much attention to what the majority thinks-qq- Socrates . Be tolerant with others and strict with yourself-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Order your soul-dd- Reduce your wants-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods-dd- Socrates . No human thing is of serious importance-dd- Plato . Just keep going-dd- Be stoic-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Ensure you endure-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The obstacle is the way-dd- Ryan Holiday . Great times are great softeners-dd- Ryan Holiday . Move toward resistance and pain-dd- Robert Greene . The limit is not the sky-dd- The limit is the mind-dd- Wim Hof . Problems only exist in the human mind-dd- Anthony de Mello . Discomfort is the currency of success-dd- Brooke Castillo . Show people, don’t tell people-dd- David Goggins . Discomfort is a wise teacher-dd- Caroline Myss . Just that you do the right thing-dd- The rest doesn’t matter-dd- Marcus Aurelius . To complain is always nonacceptance of what is-dd- Eckhart Tolle . If it doesn’t challenge you, it won’t change you-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Equanimity is power-dd- Unknown . What are the secret of success -qq- -one word answer: “rational”-dd- Charlie Munger . Be present above all else-dd- Naval Ravikant . Don’t aim to be perfect-dd- Aim to be antifragile-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Peace must be found in the imperfect present-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You will be attacked for doing the right thing-dd- Do it anyway-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Think long term-dd- Execute short term-dd- Experience now-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You amplify everything you react to-dd- The Stoic Emperor . While we wait for life, life passes-dd- Seneca . There is no genius without a touch of madness-dd- Seneca . Live your life like you’re the hero in your movie-dd- Joe Rogan . When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Do what you will-dd- Even if you tear yourself apart, most people will continue doing the same things-dd- Marcus Aurelius . It can ruin your life only if it ruins your character-dd- Otherwise it cannot harm you — inside or out-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Keep your intention pure-dd- Emotions will try to distract you-dd- So keep going-dd- That’s the cure-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Every hour focus your mind attentively…on the performance of the task in hand, with dignity, human sympathy, benevolence and freedom, and leave aside all other thoughts-dd- You will achieve this, if you perform each action as if it were your last-dd- Marcus Aurelius . There are two of the most immediately useful thoughts you will dip into-dd- First that things cannot touch the mind: they are external and inert; anxieties can only come from your internal judgement-dd- Second, that all these things you see will change almost as you look at them, and then will be no more-dd- Constantly bring to mind all that you yourself have already seen changed-dd- The universe is change: life is judgement-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Make the mind tougher by exposing it to adversity-dd- Robert Greene . You can accomplish anything if you can: 1) prioritize ruthlessly 2) control your attention-dd- Both of these have become particularly hard in the present age-dd- As such those who can control these two critical factors will rule the world-dd- The Ancient Sage . The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled-dd- For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . Never let people who choose the path of least resistance steer you away from your chosen path of most resistance-dd- David Goggins (See also: The World’s Toughest Man-xx- – David Goggins, YouTube video) . Life is a storm that will test you unceasingly-dd- Don’t wait for calm waters that may not arrive-dd- Derive purpose from resilience-dd- Learn to sail the raging sea-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Short term thinking is everywhere-dd- Noisy feuds over little prizes-dd- The long term thinker will be king-dd- Win the decade, not the day-dd- The Stoic Emperor . How do you move forward-qq- One step at a time-dd- How do you lose weight-qq- One kilo at a time-dd- How do you write a book-qq- One page at a time-dd- How do you build a relationship-qq- One day at a time-dd- In a world obsessed with speed, never forget things of real worth and value take time-dd- Thibaut . Give yourself fully to your endeavors-dd- Decide to construct your character through excellent actions and determine to pay the price of a worthy goal-dd- The trials you encounter will introduce you to your strengths-dd- Epictetus . Now is the time to get serious about living your ideals-dd- How long can you afford to put off who you really want to be-qq- Your nobler self cannot wait any longer-dd- Put your principles into practice – now-dd- Stop the excuses and the procrastination-dd- This is your life-xx- […] Decide to be extraordinary and do what you need to do – now-dd- Epictetus . We should not, like sheep, follow the herd of creatures in front of us, making our way where others go, not where we ought to go-dd- Seneca . Associate with people who are likely to improve you-dd- Welcome those who you are capable of improving-dd- The process is a mutual one: men learn as they teach-dd- Seneca . As each day arises, welcome it as the very best day of all, and make it your own possession-dd- We must seize what flees-dd- Seneca . Inwardly, we ought to be different in every respect, but our outward dress should blend in with the crowd-dd- Seneca . Be so busy building your own life that other people’s bullshit is of no concern-dd- Ed Latimore . In life, it doesn’t matter what happens to you or where you came from-dd- It matters what you do with what happens and what you’ve been given-dd- Ryan Holiday . We are quick to forget that just being alive is an extraordinary piece of good luck, a remote event, a chance occurrence of monstrous proportions-dd- Nicholas Nassim Taleb . Difficulty is what wakes up the genius-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . A stoic is a Buddhist with attitude-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Missing a train is only painful if you run after it-xx- Likewise, not matching the idea of success others expect from you is only painful if that’s what you are seeking-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . If you have your heart set on wearing crowns, why not make one out of roses – you will look even more elegant in that-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Discard your misperceptions-dd- Stop being jerked like a puppet-dd- Limit yourself to the present-dd- Marcus Aurelius . If you ever start taking things too seriously, just remember that we are talking monkeys on an organic spaceship flying through the universe-dd- Joe Rogan . Don’t let jerks live rent-free in your head-dd- Sam Altman (Y Combinator) . We are bacteria to the universe-dd- We’re basically monkeys on a small rock orbiting a small backwards star in a huge galaxy, which is in an absolutely staggeringly gigantic universe, which itself may be part of a gigantic multiverse-dd- Naval Ravikant . Don’t be the person that looks at the weather report the night before to decide what you are going to do the next day-dd- David Goggins . Sometimes saying “fuck it” at the right time can be a very powerful thing-dd- It tells your mind that you are willing to do whatever it takes to get to the other side-dd- David Goggins . “Why did this happen to me-qq-” Why not-qq- Events will never conform perfectly to your desires-dd- Move forward-dd- The Stoic Emperor . If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, ‘He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would not have mentioned these alone’-dd- Epictetus . I have to die-dd- If it is now, well then I die now; if later, then now I will take my lunch, since the hour for lunch has arrived – and dying I will tend to later-dd- Epictetus . The average man is a conformist, accepting miseries and disasters with the stoicism of a cow standing in the rain-dd- Colin Wilson . Don’t get mad at others because life is kicking your ass-dd- David Goggins . What is to give light must endure burning-dd- Viktor Frankl . Life is full of hostility — some of it overt, some clever and underhanded-dd- Robert Greene . Expect the river to be wild, surprising and challenging-dd- To expect the opposite is to live in delusion-dd- Maxime Lagacé . You are scared of dying—and, tell me, is the kind of life you lead really any different than being dead-qq- Seneca . You need not look about for the reward of a just deed; a just deed in itself offers a still greater return-dd- Seneca . Desire is a contract that you make with yourself to be unhappy until you get what you want-dd- Naval Ravikant . Your existence, my existence is just infinitesimal-dd- It’s like a firefly blinking once in the night-dd- Naval Ravikant . The universe has been around for a long time, and the universe is a very, very large place-dd- If you’ll study even the smallest bit of science, for all practical purposes we are nothing-dd- Naval Ravikant . We’re not really here that long, and we don’t really matter that much-dd- Nothing that we do lasts-dd- Eventually, you will fade-dd- Your works will fade-dd- Your children will fade-dd- Your thoughts will fade-dd- These planets will fade-dd- This sun will fade-dd- It will all be gone-dd- Naval Ravikant . Almost all Americans own a smartphone or a computer-dd- Each device contains the library of Alexandria-dd- The sum total of all world knowledge-dd- You can learn anything-dd- Why don’t you-qq- Too busy tracking social status-dd- Too enthralled by imagery your evolution can’t resist-dd- The Stoic Emperor . This is an era of universal hyperbole-dd- Every day delivers a new banality disguised as an emergency-dd- Distrust your first reactions-dd- Begin with the assumption that you are overreacting-dd- Conserve your emotional energies for your real concerns-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You will eventually die and the world will keep moving-dd- Life Math Money . Take a deep breath-dd- You’re living the dream life of hundreds of millions who are below poverty line people-dd- You have some of the best comforts available to you-dd- You live better than kings did 100 years ago-xx- What the f*ck are you so worried and stressed out all the time about-qq- Life Math Money . “Why do I keep repeating harmful behaviors/habits when I know they are bad for me-qq-” Because they give you pleasure or help you avoid discomfort-dd- And you are too weak to let go of a little pleasure or to bear a little discomfort-dd- The Ancient Sage . Unfollow the mind-dd- Follow the heart-dd- Mute the masses-dd- The Ancient Sage . I’m happy as hell, but I’m also real-dd- Happy didn’t get me here-dd- But going through hell to get to where I’m at made me happy-dd- David Goggins . Everyone faces up more bravely to a thing for which he has long prepared himself, sufferings, even, being withstood if they have been trained for in advance-dd- Those who are unprepared, on the other hand, are panic-stricken by the most insignificant happenings-dd- Seneca . What upsets people is not things themselves, but their judgements about these things-dd- Epictetus . You become what you give your attention to…If you yourself don’t choose what thoughts and images you expose yourself to, someone else will-dd- Epictetus . Remind yourself that the past and future are ‘indifferent’ to you, and that the supreme good, and eudaimonia, can only exist within you, right now, in the present moment-dd- Donald J-dd- Robertson . Whatever happens at all happens as it should; you will find this true, if you watch narrowly-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Why is this so unbearable-qq- Why can’t I endure it-qq- You’ll be embarrassed to answer-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Run down the list of those who felt intense anger at something: the most famous, the most unfortunate, the most hated, the most whatever: Where is all that now-qq- Smoke, dust, legend…or not even a legend-dd- Think of all the examples-dd- And how trivial the things we want so passionately are-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Everything that happens is either endurable or not-dd- If it’s endurable, then endure it-dd- Stop complaining-dd- If it’s unendurable… then stop complaining-dd- Your destruction will mean its end as well-dd- Just remember: you can endure anything your mind can make endurable, by treating it as in your interest to do so-dd- Marcus Aurelius . An hour of deeply contemplating your own moral failures will leave you feeling much more forgiving of the foibles of others-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Many will choose the stability of slavery over the uncertainty of freedom-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Conviction is much more powerful than “positive thinking”-dd- Positive thinking is fragile and easily shattered by random tragedy-dd- Random tragedy is an inevitable feature of life-dd- Conviction guides you through misfortune-dd- It does not wish it away-dd- Purpose outdoes positivity-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Much of what other people know isn’t worth knowing-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Always resignation and acceptance-dd- Always prudence and honour and duty-dd- Jane Austen . Uncertainty is an uncomfortable position-dd- But certainty is an absurd one-dd- Voltaire . The phrase that I use the most to myself in my head is one word: accept-dd- Naval Ravikant . True rewards – wealth, knowledge, love, fitness, and equanimity – come from ignoring others and improving ourselves-dd- Naval Ravikant . A man is no bigger than the smallest thing that provokes him-dd- Dan Horton . Some can delay gratification-dd- Others don’t seek it at all-dd- Be the latter-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Show me someone for whom success is less important than the manner in which it is achieved-dd- Of concern for the means, rather than the ends, of their actions…I want to see him-dd- This is the person I have looked for a long time, the true genius-dd- Epictetus . The news allows you to dedicate massive amounts of energy and attention to things you probably cannot impact while the things you can impact go unaddressed-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Short-term thinking makes people desperate, ungenerous, impulsive-dd- Long-term thinking makes people calm, gracious, controlled-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Learn to detach yourself from the chaos of the battlefield-dd- Robert Greene . The wise man needs nothing and yet he can make good use of anything, whereas the fool ‘needs’ countless things but can make good use of none of them-dd- Donald J-dd- Robertson . Welcome if it comes-dd- Let go if it goes-dd- Chase nothing-dd- Cling to nothing-dd- Remain unconcerned-dd- The Ancient Sage . Wisdom lies in cheerful acceptance of whatever life throws at you-dd- The Ancient Sage . The impediment to action advances action-dd- What stands in the way becomes the way-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Don’t allow yourself to be heard any longer griping about public life, not even with your own ears-xx- Marcus Aurelius . Not to assume it’s impossible because you find it hard-dd- But to recognize that if it’s humanly possible, you can do it too-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Do not indulge in dreams of having what you have not, but reckon up the chief of the blessings you do possess, and then thankfully remember how you would crave for them if they were not yours-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Men seek out retreats for themselves in the country, by the seaside, on the mountains… nowhere can a man find a retreat more peaceful or more free from trouble than his own soul-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Objective judgment, at this very moment-dd- Unselfish action, now at this very moment-dd- Willing acceptance – now at this very moment – of all external events-dd- That’s all you need-dd- Marcus Aurelius . “What is the work of a Master-qq-” said a solemn-faced visitor-dd- “To teach people to laugh,” said the Master gravely-dd- Anthony de Mello . Understand what you can control and what you can’t-dd- Forget about the things you can’t control and put that energy into the things you can control-dd- Shane Parrish (fs-dd-blog) . Intelligence consists in ignoring things that are irrelevant-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . The wise man listens to meaning, the fool only gets the noise-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Heroes are heroes because they are heroic in behaviour, not because they won or lost-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . You can change it, you can accept it, or you can leave it-dd- What is not a good option is to sit around wishing you would change it but not changing it, wishing you would leave it but not leaving it, and not accepting it-dd- Naval Ravikant . Doctors won’t make you healthy-dd- Nutritionists won’t make you slim-dd- Teachers won’t make you smart-dd- Gurus won’t make you calm-dd- Mentors won’t make you rich-dd- Trainers won’t make you fit-dd- Ultimately, you have to take responsibility-dd- Save yourself-dd- Naval Ravikant . True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient, for he that is so wants nothing-dd- Seneca . Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are-dd- We’ve been using them not because we needed them but because we had them-dd- Seneca . We must take a higher view of all things, and bear with them more easily: it better becomes a man to scoff at life than to lament over it-dd- Seneca . He who laughs at the human race deserves better of it than he who mourns for it, for the former leaves it some good hopes of improvement, while the latter stupidly weeps over what he has given up all hopes of mending-dd- Seneca . Peace-dd- It does not mean to be in a place where there is no noise, trouble or hard work-dd- It means to be in the midst of those things and still be calm in your heart-dd- Unknown . The world might call you a pessimist-dd- Who cares-qq- It’s far better to seem like a downer than to be blindsided or caught off guard-dd- Ryan Holiday . No one is asking you to look at the world through rose-colored glasses-dd- Ryan Holiday . Take a deep breath-dd- Get present in the moment and ask yourself what is important this very second-dd- Greg McKeown (Author of Essentialism) . You cannot overestimate the unimportance of practically everything-dd- Greg McKeown . No man is free who is not master of himself-dd- Epictetus . Think clearly from the ground up-dd- Understand and explain from first principles-dd- Ignore society and politics-dd- Acknowledge what you have-dd- Control your emotions-dd- Naval Ravikant . Be silent for the most part, or, if you speak, say only what is necessary and in a few words-dd- Epictetus . He who angers you conquers you-dd- Elizabeth Kenny . The only thing you can control is the thought you are having right now-dd- Make it calm, clear and simple-dd- Make it your superpower-dd- Maxime Lagacé . He who reigns within himself, and rules passions, desires, and fears, is more than a king-dd- John Milton . How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself-qq- Epictetus . Progress is not achieved by luck or accident, but by working on yourself daily-dd- Epictetus . If change is forced upon you, you must resist the temptation to overreact or feel sorry for yourself-dd- Robert Greene . Self-discipline and self-control determine the quality of your life more than anything else-dd- Ed Latimore . Self-control is the chief element in self-respect, and self-respect is the chief element in courage-dd- Thucydides . Don’t argue with people nor insist on showing them truth-dd- Maybe it is you who needs to change your mind-dd- Even if you are right you only incur resentment by trying to correct others-dd- The Ancient Sage . If you cannot change something, it is best to accept it cheerfully rather than adding to one’s misfortune by grieving over it-dd- The Ancient Sage . Self-control is all about moment to moment self awareness-dd- You catch yourself doing – or about to do – something undesirable, see that it isn’t good for you in the long term, and as a result of this awareness abstain from doing it-dd- The Ancient Sage . One must be gullible yet skeptical, sane yet mad, proud yet humble, warm yet indifferent, faithful yet a heretic, loving yet uncompromising, fearless yet cautious, open yet decisive-dd- These are not contradictions-dd- They make a person whole-dd- And above all one must be whole, not fragmentary-dd- The Ancient Sage . If you lose self-control everything will fall-dd- John Wooden . It is easy to blame “them”-dd- It is hard to confront “me”-dd- The easy path is the road to ruin-dd- The hard path is the way of growth-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Be true to whoever or whatever you are and wear it like a badge of honor-dd- Fit in with one person and one person only: yourself-dd- David Goggins . There is no better way to grow as a person than to do something you hate every day-dd- David Goggins . People are always looking for shortcuts-dd- The only way to achieve greatness in life is to have patience, consistency, and discipline-dd- David Goggins . When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves-dd- Viktor Frankl . Watch every thought-dd- Always ask, why am I having this thought-qq- Naval Ravikant . Meditation is intermittent fasting for the mind-dd- Too much sugar leads to a heavy body, and too many distractions lead to a heavy mind-dd- Time spent undistracted and alone, in self-examination, journaling, meditation, resolves the unresolved and takes us from mentally fat to fit-dd- Naval Ravikant . You find peace by coming to terms with what you don’t know-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . When you are upset you are likely to sacrifice the wellbeing of tomorrow to appease the hurt feelings of today-dd- Not a good trade-dd- Subject your emotions to a cooling-off period before you allow them to guide major decisions-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Try to avoid making important decisions when you’re angry-dd- Acknowledge the emotion-dd- Recognize that it clouds your judgement-dd- Remember that angry people tend to sacrifice the long-term good in response to short-term provocation-dd- The Stoic Emperor . What matters most is not what our obstacles are but how we see them, how we react to them, and whether we keep our composure-dd- Ryan Holiday . You stuck to your principles and when opportunities came along, you pounced on them with vigour-dd- Charlie Munger . Stop trying to impress others with your stuff and start trying to impress them with your life-dd- Joshua Becker (becomingminimalist-dd-com) . Talk, but rarely, if occasion calls you, but do not talk of ordinary things – of gladiators or horses races or athletes or of meats or drinks – these are topics that arise everywhere – but above all do not talk about men in blame or compliment or comparison-dd- Epictetus . We must indulge the mind and from time to time allow it the leisure which is its food and strength-dd- We must go for walks out of doors, so that the mind can be strengthened by a clear sky and plenty of fresh air-dd- Seneca . Together with intelligence, self-control turns out to be the best predictor of a successful and satisfying life-dd- Steven Pinker . Growth and comfort do not coexist-dd- Ginny Rometty (IBM) . The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness-dd- Lao Tzu . We must remember: There is no easy way-dd- Ryan Holiday . Genius often really is just persistence in disguise-dd- Ryan Holiday . True stoics don’t care about the outcome-dd- They just care to give their best shot, right here, right now-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The more time you spend in your discomfort zone, the more your comfort zone will expand-dd- Robin Sharma . Cultivate a fearless approach to life, attack everything with boldness and energy-dd- Robert Greene . I like times of turbulence more than times of stability-dd- More opportunity to seize and grow-dd- Life Math Money . Advice for nearly everything: start slowly and maintain traction-dd- Michael . True success is achieved by stretching oneself, learning to feel comfortable being uncomfortable-dd- Ken Poirot . It takes courage to accept life fully, to say yes to our life, yes to our karma, yes to our mind, emotions and whatever else unfolds-dd- Dzigar Kongtrul Rinpoche . Start living in discomfort-dd- Gradually increase it little by little, and you will steadily grow-dd- If you want sudden growth, deluge yourself in great discomfort and do not retreat from it-dd- The more discomfort you are willing to bear, the more you can grow-dd- The Ancient Sage . I like to see what I’m made of-dd- I want to see if there is a limit to the human soul-dd- David Goggins . The path to success will leave you callused, bruised, and very tired-dd- It will also leave you empowered-dd- David Goggins . Comfort makes you weaker-dd- We need some variability, some stressors-dd- Not too much, but just enough-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . The fragile wants tranquility, the antifragile grows from disorder, and the robust doesn’t care too much-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . That which we desire lies across an ocean of hard won knowledge-dd- The Stoic Emperor . True will is quiet humility, resilience, and flexibility; the other kind of will is weakness disguised by bluster and ambition-dd- Ryan Holiday . This is the mark of perfection of character—to spend each day as if it were your last, without frenzy, laziness, or any pretending-dd- Marcus Aurelius . In the mean time, cling tooth and nail to the following rule: not to give in to adversity, not to trust prosperity, and always take full note of fortune’s habit of behaving just as she pleases-dd- Seneca . Let us not postpone anything, let us engage in combats with life each day-dd- Seneca . It’s not that we have little time, but more that we waste a good deal of it-dd- Seneca . Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life-dd- Seneca . Life will punch you in the face if your head gets too big-dd- Don’t ever pretend, don’t lie, don’t feel superior-dd- Just be honest and do your own thing-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact-dd- Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Forget everything else-dd- Keep hold of this alone and remember it: Each of us lives only now, this brief instant-dd- The rest has been lived already, or is impossible to see-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Concentrate every minute like a Roman— like a man— on doing what’s in front of you with precise and genuine seriousness, tenderly, willingly, with justice-dd- And on freeing yourself from all other distractions-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The ordinary objects of human endeavour – property, outward success, luxury – have always seemed to me contemptible-dd- Albert Einstein . The meaning of life is just to be alive-dd- It is so plain and so obvious and so simple-dd- And yet, everybody rushes around in a great panic as if it were necessary to achieve something beyong themselves-dd- Alan Watts . You are not affected by reality itself but by your interpretation of reality-dd- A change of perspective changes everything-dd- The Ancient Sage . A person who has built his life around pleasure is bound to be disillusioned-dd- Hedonism is not sustainable, and it leaves a person empty-dd- We are not meant to experience sustained pleasure-dd- Therefore, to cope with the drab routine of daily existence, one must find meaning somewhere-dd- The Ancient Sage . Life is a slow treadmill-dd- People who stand still are actually going behind-dd- Live Math Money . There is no beginning and there is no end to time-dd- There is only your perception of time-dd- Zen proverb . When the pools of perception are clear, everything appears ‘as is’-dd- Zen proverb . When we become fixed in our perceptions we lose our ability to fly-dd- Mingyur Rinpoche . Remember that your perception of the world is a reflection of your state of consciousness-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Be disentangled from all perceptions-dd- They are not you-dd- Brian Thompson . Why do you so earnestly seek the truth in distant places-qq- Look for delusion and truth in the bottom of your own hearts-dd- Ryōkan . Drop your concepts, drop your opinions, drop your prejudices, drop your judgments, and you will see that-dd- Anthony de Mello . Understand: in life as in war, nothing ever happens just as you expect it to-dd- Robert Greene . Realists are not afraid to look at the harsh circumstances of life-dd- Robert Greene . Events in life mean nothing if you do not reflect on them in a deep way, and ideas from books are pointless if they have no application to life as you live it-dd- Robert Greene . Assume life will be really tough, and then ask if you can handle it-dd- If the answer is yes, you’ve won-dd- Charlie Munger . Life isn’t always about doing the things we like to do-dd- It’s about doing things we have to do-dd- David Goggins . Success is the enemy of learning-dd- It can deprive you of the time and the incentive to start over-dd- Beginner’s mind also needs beginner’s time-dd- Naval Ravikant . Drama provides a convenient distraction-dd- We light small fires and busy ourselves with putting them out-dd- Short term “emergencies” give us an excuse to ignore the long term issues that we don’t wish to acknowledge-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Not everything requires a response-dd- This is truth for many things in life and almost everything in the news-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Expectation is the only seed of disappointment-dd- Mokokoma Mokhonoana . The fundamental delusion — there is something out there that will make me happy and fulfilled forever-dd- Naval Ravikant . The easiest way to live unhappy and unsatisfied is to hope-dd- More often than not, you’ll be disappointed-dd- Thus, your main aim should be to do the best you can right now and to expect nothing at all-dd- Accept the way things turn out despite your best effort-dd- That’s the only path to a peaceful mind-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The secret of happiness, you see, is not found in seeking more, but in developing the capacity to enjoy less-dd- Socrates . Because most of what we say and do is not essential-dd- If you can eliminate it, you’ll have more time, and more tranquility-dd- Ask yourself at every moment, ‘Is this necessary-qq-’-dd- Marcus Aurelius . If you seek tranquility, do less-dd- Or (more accurately) do what’s essential – what the reason of a social being requires, and in the requisite way-dd- Which brings a double satisfaction: to do less, better-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The fundamental human fallacy: the illusion that a change in external circumstances will lead to permanent bliss-dd- That the attainment of a future goal will make you satisfied forever-dd- The illusion is so entrenched that it persists despite being refuted by repeated experience-dd- The Ancient Sage . So, concerning the things we pursue, and for which we vigorously exert ourselves, we owe this consideration – either there is nothing useful in them, or most aren’t useful-dd- Some of them are superfluous, while others aren’t worth that much-dd- But we don’t discern this and see them as free, when they cost us dearly-dd- Seneca . A man thus grounded must, whether he wills or not, necessarily be attended by constant cheerfulness and a joy that is deep and issues from deep within, since he finds delight in his own resources, and desires no joys greater than his inner joys-dd- Seneca . Your food should appease your hunger, your drink quench your thirst, your clothing keep out the cold, your house be a protection against inclement weather-dd- It makes no difference whether it is built of turf or of variegated marble imported from another country-dd- Seneca . Barley porridge, or a crust of bread, and water do not make a very cheerful diet, but nothing gives one keener pleasure than the ability to derive pleasure even from that — and the feeling of having arrived at something which one cannot be deprived of by any unjust stroke of fortune-dd- Seneca . Set aside now and then a number of days during which you will be content with the plainest of food, and very little of it, and with rough, coarse clothing, and will ask yourself, ‘Is this what one used to dread-qq- Seneca . Never have I put my trust in fortune, even when she appeared to be offering peace; all those gifts she bestowed on me in her kindness — money, position, influence — I stored where she would be able to reclaim them with no disturbance to me-dd- Seneca . It is essential to make oneself used to putting up with a little-dd- Even the wealthy and the well provided are continually met and frustrated by difficult times and situations-dd- It is in no man’s power to have whatever he wants; but he has it in his power not to wish for what he hasn’t got, and cheerfully make the most of the things that do come his way-dd- Seneca . The happiness of those who want to be popular depends on others; the happiness of those who seek pleasure fluctuates with moods outside their control; but the happiness of the wise grows out of their own free acts-dd- Marcus Aurelius . All you need are these: certainty of judgment in the present moment; action for the common good in the present moment; and an attitude of gratitude in the present moment for anything that comes your way-dd- Marcus Aurelius . A calm and modest life brings more happiness than the pursuit of success combined with constant restlessness-dd- Albert Einstein . I am happy because I want nothing from anyone-dd- I do not care for money-dd- Decorations, titles or distinctions mean nothing to me-dd- I do not crave praise-dd- The only thing that gives me pleasure, apart from my work, my violin and my sailboat, is the appreciation of my fellow workers-dd- Albert Einstein . It’s hard to prioritize the long term when you think you should feel comfortable in every moment-dd- Michael . When you transform your mind, everything you experience is transformed-dd- Mingyur Rinpoche . The expectation that you bring to your meditation are often the greatest obstacles you will encounter-dd- Mingyur Rinpoche . When you internalize that the source of your satisfaction is within you not without, you are then prepared to receive bliss that never ends because it does not rely on the ever changing external circumstances-dd- The Ancient Sage . Contentment doesn’t mean you stop improving your situation-dd- In fact it has nothing to do with your external situation-dd- It is a state of mind in which your happiness does not depend on external circumstances-dd- It is the absence of neediness-dd- You become self sufficient-dd- The Ancient Sage . Getting more of something has not satisfied anyone-dd- It will not satisfy you either-dd- It will only increase your discontent-dd- He who has little can be content, but not the one who has a lot-dd- The more one attains, the higher the expectations, and the greater the discontent-dd- The Ancient Sage . We humans are unhappy in large part because we are insatiable; after working hard to get what we want, we routinely lose interest in the object of our desire-dd- Rather than feeling satisfied, we feel a bit bored, and in response to this boredom, we go on to form new, even grander desires-dd- William B-dd- Irvine . Happiness isn’t outside of us, but actually comes from within-dd- Leo Babauta (zenhabits-dd-net) . The most important reason to live in the moment is nothing lasts forever-dd- Enjoy the moment while it’s in front of you-dd- Be present-dd- Accept life for what it is: a finite span of time with infinite possibilities-dd- Joshua Fields Millburn (The Minimalists) . Happiness is not to acquire and enjoy, but nothing to be desired, as it is to be free-dd- Epictetus . It is impossible that happiness, and yearning for what is not present, should ever be united-dd- Epictetus . There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will-dd- Epictetus . Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times-dd- Aeschylus . The thicker the skin, the happier the man-dd- Life Math Money . To love only what happens, what was destined-dd- No greater harmony-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The goal of life is living in agreement with Nature-dd- Zeno of Citium . As long as you remember that everything is exactly how it’s supposed to be, you will always be sane-dd- Alan Watts . Amor fati – “Love your fate”, which is in fact your life-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche (Check out this YouTube video for more on Amor Fati) . Don’t demand or expect that events happen as you would wish them to-dd- Accept events as they actually happen-dd- That way peace is possible-dd- Epictetus . Once you’ve truly controlled your own fate, for better or for worse, you’ll never let anyone else tell you what to do-dd- Naval Ravikant . It is better to perform one’s own predetermined duty, even if one performs that duty imperfectly, than perform the duty of another-dd- When one performs his own predetermined duty in accordance with one’s nature, one does not incur any sin-dd- Krishna . Human beings want control and certainty-dd- “Accepting fate” means the opposite-dd- That’s why it seems absurd to us-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Everything comes and goes in life-dd- Happiness and unhappiness are temporary experiences that rise from sense perception-dd- Heat and cold, pleasure and pain, will come and go-dd- They never last forever-dd- So, do not get attached to them-dd- We have no control over them-dd- Krishna . In all things we should try to make ourselves be as grateful as possible-dd- Seneca . Whatever anyone does or says, I’m bound to the good-dd- Whatever anyone does or says, I must be what I am and show my true colors-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Everywhere, at each moment, you have the option: to accept this event with humility; to treat this person as he should be treated; to approach this thought with care, so that nothing irrational creeps in-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Focus on what nature demands, as if you were governed by that alone-dd- Then do that, and accept it, unless your nature as a living being would be degraded by it-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Whatever happens to you has been waiting to happen since the beginning of time-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Only these two questions: Is what he’s doing now the right thing to be doing-qq- Does he accept and welcome what he’s been assigned-qq- Marcus Aurelius . Each of us needs what nature gives us, when nature gives it-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Accept things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Here is a rule to remember in future, when anything tempts you to feel bitter: not ‘This is misfortune’, but ‘To bear this worthily is good fortune-dd-’ Marcus Aurelius . He who does not desire or fear the uncertain day or capricious fate, is equal to the gods above and loftier than mortals-dd- Justus Lipsius . First, see clearly-dd- Next, act correctly-dd- Finally, endure and accept the world as it is-dd- Ryan Holiday . Man’s character is his fate-dd- Heraclitus . Timendi causa est nescire — Ignorance is the cause of fear-dd- Seneca . Don’t let your fears paralyze you into becoming a lesser version of yourself-dd- Eliminate fear by confronting what you’re afraid of-dd- David Goggins . I’m not asking you to be fearless-dd- I’m asking you to be courageous-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Today I escaped anxiety-dd- Or no, I discarded it, because it was within me, in my own perceptions – not outside-dd- Marcus Aurelius . If anyone can refute me‚ show me I’m making a mistake or looking at things from the wrong perspective‚ I’ll gladly change-dd- It’s the truth I’m after-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Many of the anxieties that harass you are superfluous… Expand into an ampler region, letting your thought sweep over the entire universe-dd- Marcus Aurelius . We define ourselves far too often by our past failures-dd- That’s not you-dd- You are this person right now-dd- You’re the person who has learned from those failures-dd- Joe Rogan . Repeated failure will toughen your spirit and show you with absolute clarity how things must be done-dd- Robert Greene . Withstand the setbacks and failures, the days of drudgery, and the hard work that are always a part of any creative action-dd- Robert Greene . Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth-dd- Pema Chödrön . No amount of anxiety makes any difference to anything that is going to happen-dd- Alan Watts . Life’s three best teachers: heartbreak, empty pocket, failures-dd- Haemin Sunim . Fear is the basis of all suffering-dd- Both desire and anger are manifestations of fear-dd- Fear itself is a creation of your mind-dd- It does not exist independently-dd- Since it is a fabrication, you don’t have to fight it-dd- Just understand it-dd- Understanding is the key to freedom-dd- The Ancient Sage . Don’t let fear, low self-esteem and the negative voices hold you back from your true destiny-dd- David Goggins . Learn to fail with pride — and do so fast and cleanly-dd- Maximise trial and error — by mastering the error part-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . The cause of an event is often unclear-dd- You will feel less anxiety if you can learn to be comfortable with ambiguity-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Human beings worry incessantly about their social status-dd- Making every device “socially connected” turned every device into an anxiety machine-dd- The machine becomes symbolic of the set of all people that may be judging you-dd- If “hell is other people” then hell is in our pocket-dd- The Stoic Emperor . If you are ever tempted to look for outside approval, realize that you have compromised your integrity-dd- If you need a witness, be your own-dd- Epictetus . Focus on the moment, not the monsters that may or may not be up ahead-dd- Ryan Holiday . Don’t grieve-dd- Anything you lose comes round in another form-dd- Rumi . Live as if you died, but were resuscitated and every minute was a gift-dd- The Daily Stoic . Death could be around the corner, for you, for your friends and for your family-dd- I’m not trying to scare you-dd- I’m just realist-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Death smiles at us all, but all a man can do is smile back-dd- Marcus Aurelius . How ridiculous and how strange to be surprised at anything which happens in life-dd- Marcus Aurelius . You could leave life right now-dd- Let that determine what you do and say and think-dd- Marcus Aurelius . He has stripped away his body and – realizing that at some point soon he will have to abandon mankind and leave all this behind – has dedicated himself to serving justice in all he does, and nature in all that happens-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Keep death and exile before your eyes each day, along with everything that seems terrible — by doing so, you’ll never have a base thought nor will you have excessive desire-dd- Epictetus . Life has more meaning in the face of death-dd- Robert Greene . By becoming deeply aware of our mortality, we intensify our experience of every aspect of life-dd- Robert Greene . There will come a time in the distant future, where no one will know who you were, no one will know of your existence and contributions, no one will know your pain and suffering, and your happiness-dd- Time will wipe away both men and the memories of men-dd- Let yourself be free-dd- Life Math Money . Things you won’t say on your deathbed: “I wish I paid more attention to what other people think”-dd- Johnny Uzan . Life is all the more precious and beautiful because it is so fleeting-dd- Jack Kornfield . I’m not afraid of dying-dd- I’m afraid not to have lived-dd- Wim Hof . There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval-dd- George Santayana . By contemplating the impermanence of everything in the world, we are forced to recognize that every time we do something could be the last time we do it, and this recognition can invest the things we do with a significance and intensity that would otherwise be absent-dd- William B-dd- Irvine . Some reach the heights of power-dd- Some live quiet lives of virtue and purpose-dd- Some seek nothing but mischief-dd- All find their way to the grave-dd- Time will make ashes of us all-dd- Do not squander this moment-dd- It will not come again-dd- The Stoic Emperor . What is quite unlooked for is more crushing in its effect, and unexpectedness adds to the weight of a disaster-dd- The fact that it was unforeseen has never failed to intensify a person’s grief-dd- This is a reason for ensuring that nothing ever takes us by surprise-dd- We should project our thoughts ahead of us at every turn and have in mind every possible eventuality instead of only the usual course of events-dd- Seneca . This is why we need to envisage every possibility and to strengthen the spirit to deal with the things which may conceivably come about-dd- Rehearse them in your mind: exile, torture, war, shipwreck-dd- Misfortune may snatch you away from your country… If we do not want to be overwhelmed and struck numb by rare events as if they were unprecedented ones; fortune needs envisaging in a thoroughly comprehensive way-dd- Seneca . That person has lost their children: you too, can lose yours; that person received sentence of death: your innocence too, stands under the hammer-dd- This is the fallacy that takes us in and makes us weak while we suffer misfortunes that we never foresaw that we could suffer-dd- The person who has anticipated the coming of troubles takes away their power when they arrive-dd- Seneca . Since every man dies, it is better to die with distinction than to live long-dd- Musonius Rufus . It’s better to conquer grief than to deceive it-dd- Seneca . Let us prepare our minds as if we’d come to the very end of life-dd- Let us postpone nothing-dd- Seneca . All cruelty springs from weakness-dd- Seneca . The best answer to anger is silence-dd- Marcus Aurelius . How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Not to display anger or other emotions-dd- To be free of passion and yet full of love-dd- Marcus Aurelius (What Marcus learned from Sextus) . It is our own opinions that disturb us-dd- Take away these opinions then, and resolve to dismiss your judgment about an act as if it were something grievous, and your anger is gone-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Yes, you can — if you do everything as if it were the last thing you were doing in life, and stop being aimless, stop letting your emotions override what your mind tells you, stop being hypocritical, self-centered, irritable-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Being angry means your lizard brain took control-dd- Being calm means you stayed above your emotions-dd- Maxime Lagacé . At any given moment, you can choose to follow the chain of thoughts, emotions, and sensations that reinforce a perception of yourself as vulnerable and limited, or to remember that your true nature is pure, unconditioned, and incapable of being harmed-dd- Mingyur Rinpoche . Humility is a knowledge of our weaknesses, confidence is a knowledge of our strengths, and ego is something dangerous with none of the former and a skewed sense of the latter-dd- The Daily Stoic . Emotions are easily hijacked by illusory threats that tap into our insecurities-dd- We can’t be strategically dynamic if we are always on the defensive-dd- We are more effective when we realize how many things don’t require any response at all-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Happiness is a choice-dd- Forgiveness is a choice-dd- Acceptance, anger, desire, love… all choices-dd- Your time-dd- Your choice-dd- Scott Shaw . Your true self is not your emotion such as anger, frustration or hate-dd- It is the inner witness that knows the rise and fall of your emotion-dd- Haemin Sunim . People think that if they complain about life, life or the world might change-dd- But of course this does not happen-dd- You cannot change Nature and its laws-dd- It is what it is-dd- No amount of complaining, resentment or mourning will help-dd- Accept, let go and move on-dd- The Ancient Sage . If you drop your ego, don’t take things personally and adopt a detached perspective, your ability to deal with all types of people/situations will immensely improve-dd- The Ancient Sage . Ignoring someone is more powerful than hating them-dd- Hate means that you are somehow bothered by the person and can’t stop thinking about them-dd- They possess you-dd- Indifference indicates that you just don’t care-dd- It is freedom-dd- The Ancient Sage . Greatness starts with the replacement of hatred with polite disdain-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . If we seek social status, we give other people power over us: We have to do things calculated to make them admire us, and we have to refrain from doing things that will trigger their disfavor-dd- William B-dd- Irvine . It is a narrow passageway that leads to the garden of contentment-dd- Big egos don’t fit-dd- The Stoic Emperor . A minute of rage can undo a lifetime of diligent effort-dd- Self-control is self-preservation-dd- Most of us won’t look back on the moments we acted in anger as among our finest-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Do not act when the tide of rage flows in-dd- Wait for it to go out-dd- Then act with reason and proportion-dd- The Stoic Emperor . To not be distracted by the darkness of others, to head towards the light-dd- To be good without hesitation, even when other people are not-dd- That’s our job-dd- The Daily Stoic . Whatever seems lofty is dangerous… Those whom an unfavorable fortune has placed in a critical position will be safer if they eliminate pride from their proud circumstances and bring down their fortune as much as possible to a lowly state-dd- Seneca . Zoom out-dd- In the grand scheme of things, is this really going to affect you-qq- We can’t even remember what we were doing 5 days ago, let alone five years-dd- What matters is how you feel now-dd- If it makes you upset, let it go-dd- If it feels good, let it consume you-dd- Thibaut . Once the ego inflates it will only come back to earth through some jarring failure-dd- Robert Greene . Do not envy those who seems naturally gifted; it is often a curse-dd- Robert Greene . When you think you’re done, you’re only at 40% of your body’s capability-dd- David Goggins . Even if you are hurting, never let your competition see the look of defeat or even vulnerability on your face-dd- David Goggins . You’re never given more pain than you can handle-dd- Byron Katie . It will only hurt if you keep remembering it but a true stoic looks forward-dd- Maxime Lagacé . What is the point of dragging up sufferings that are over, of being miserable now, because you were miserable then-qq- Seneca . You don’t suffer because things are impermanent-dd- You suffer because things are impermanent and you think they are permanent-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Pain is neither intolerable nor everlasting if you bear in mind that it has its limits, and if you add nothing to it in imagination-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Change is never painful, only your resistance to change is painful-dd- Buddhist proverb . The pain and boredom we experience in the initial stage of learning a skill toughens our minds-dd- Robert Greene . Does what’s happened keep you from acting with justice, generosity, self-control, sanity, prudence, honesty, humility, straightforwardness, and all other qualities that allow a person’s nature to fulfil itself-qq- So remember this principle when something threatens to cause you pain: the thing itself was no misfortune at all; to endure it and prevail is great good fortune-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Life is full of suffering-dd- Yes-dd- Why should it be otherwise-qq- Embrace-dd- Endure-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Why does he smile when misfortune strikes-qq- He knows it is an opportunity to cultivate virtue-dd- Death, loss, decline-dd- These things come for us all-dd- Facing pain is how we make ready-dd- Adversity sharpens the blade of will-dd- Greet the test gladly-dd- Endure-dd- The Stoic Emperor . We must be willing to roll the dice and lose-dd- Prepare, at the end of the day, for none of it to work-dd- Ryan Holiday . The path of least resistance is a terrible teacher-dd- Ryan Holiday . All greatness comes from suffering-dd- Naval Ravikant . Pay attention to your enemies, for they are the first to discover your mistakes-dd- Antisthenes . What people say or think about him, or how they treat him, isn’t something he worries about-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Accustom yourself to criticism-dd- Robert Greene . Can you take criticism and use it constructively-qq- Robert Greene . Become your own worst critic; see your work as if through the eyes of others-dd- Robert Greene . You must not be afraid of your uniqueness and you must care less and less what people think of you-dd- Robert Greene . Understand: a critic doesn’t disturb you, it disturbs your ego-dd- You want to know the truth-dd- Your ego is scared of it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Never be angry at someone for telling you the truth, no matter how unpleasant-dd- Life Math Money . Not reacting to deliberate provocation is a superpower-dd- If you have the awareness and self-control to not react predictably, there is nothing that can put you off your path-dd- Remember: the only enemy you need to fear is your own self – your lack of awareness and loss of control-dd- The Ancient Sage . Do not care what others think of you-dd- Be an unapologetic rebel-dd- The masses are lost-dd- Looking up to them for guidance is like a person with eyes looking up to the blind-dd- Feel free to do your own thing without fearing the disapproval of others-dd- If they don’t like it’s their problem-dd- The Ancient Sage . Many think great success will pacify their critics-dd- Quite the contrary-dd- Criticism will multiply as you grow and progress-dd- Positive attention does not come without negative attention-dd- This is the price of having an impact-dd- The Stoic Emperor . We find comfort among those who agree with us – growth among those who don’t-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . Most people who doubt you doubt you because they can never see themselves doing what you are trying to do-dd- David Goggins . Your reputation is harmed the most by what you say to defend it-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . If evil be spoken of you and it be true, correct yourself, if it’s a lie, laugh at it-dd- Epictetus . Love without sacrifice is like theft-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . It is a sign of weakness to avoid showing signs of weakness-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Life without love would be a strange thing-dd- But don’t be surprised if you get burned-dd- Maxime Lagacé . You don’t love yourself enough-dd- Or you’d love your nature too, and what it demands of you-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Accustom yourself to attend carefully to what is said by another, and as much as it is possible, try to inhabit the speaker’s mind-dd- Marcus Aurelius . A fit body, a calm mind, a house full of love-dd- These things cannot be bought — they must be earned-dd- Naval Ravikant . There is nothing more precious than trust-dd- Low trust environments are full of friction and inefficiency-dd- Every interaction is a fierce negotiation-dd- Trust makes a marriage warm and a nation wealthy-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You don’t develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday-dd- You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity-dd- Epicurus . It is not so much our friends’ help that helps us as the confident knowledge that they will help us-dd- Epicurus . Fragile egos make for fragile friendships-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Keep company only with people who uplift you-dd- Epictetus . Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness-dd- Seneca . We should love all our dear ones… but always with the thought that we have no promise that we may keep them forever—nay, no promise even that we may keep them for long-dd- Seneca . A gift consists not in what is done or given, but in the intention of the giver or doer-dd- Seneca . Life is so hard, how can we be anything but kind-qq- Jack Kornfield . The secret of all victory lies in the organization of the non-obvious-dd- Marcus Aurelius . If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid-dd- Epictetus . Winning is not about talent, being smart, taking shortcuts-dd- It’s about finding the right thing to do, and doing it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The mind should not be kept continuously at the same pitch of concentration, but given amusing diversions… Our minds must relax: they will rise better and keener after a rest-dd- Just as you must not force fertile farmland, as uninterrupted productivity will soon exhaust it, so constant effort will sap our mental vigor, while a short period of rest and relaxation will restore our powers-dd- Seneca . If you accomplish something good with hard work, the labor passes quickly, but the good endures; if you do something shameful in pursuit of pleasure, the pleasure passes quickly, but the shame endures-dd- Musonius Rufus . Lean into the discomfort of the work-dd- Brené Brown . What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him-dd- Viktor Frankl . Eventually, the time that was not spent on learning skills will catch up with you, and the fall will be painful-dd- Robert Greene . You are not tied to a particular position; your loyalty is not to a career or company-dd- Robert Greene . Understand: people will constantly attack you in life-dd- One of their main weapons will be to instill in you doubts about yourself-dd- They will often disguise this as their objective opinion, but invariably it has a political purpose – they want to keep you down-dd- Robert Greene . If it is time to rest, rest completely-dd- A good rest rejuvenates you so that you may do quality work-dd- If it is time to work, work with complete focus-dd- Time spent working earnestly earns you a well deserved rest-dd- Don’t mix work and rest; this compromises the quality of both-dd- The Ancient Sage . If you’re more passionate about founding a business than the business itself, you can fall into a ten year trap-dd- Better to stay emotionally unattached and select the best opportunity that arises-dd- Applies to relationships too-dd- Naval Ravikant . Weak men act to satisfy their needs, stronger men their duties-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . A single day among the learned lasts longer than the longest life of the ignorant-dd- Posidonius . Discomfort is your friend-dd- It doesn’t matter if you’re sick, if you have kids… if you’re a pro, you go to work-dd- Joe Rogan . People tend to avoid the important work they fear by doing unimportant work that wears them out-dd- They suppress anxiety with exhaustion, but they do not address the source of the problem-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Finding information is easier than ever-dd- Filtering information is harder than ever-dd- We are bombarded with irrelevant data and unsolicited stimulation-dd- Choosing what to ignore is as important as choosing what to pay attention to-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Bad companies are destroyed by crisis-dd- Good companies survive them-dd- Great individuals, like great companies, find a way to transform weakness into strength-dd- Ryan Holiday . It’s waiting that helps you as an investor, and a lot of people just can’t stand to wait-dd- Charlie Munger . You need patience, discipline, and an agility to take losses and adversity without going crazy-dd- Charlie Munger . Our job is to find a few intelligent things to do, not to keep up with every damn thing in the world-dd- Charlie Munger . It’s not supposed to be easy-dd- Anyone who finds it easy is stupid-dd- Charlie Munger . Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking-dd- Marcus Aurelius . A great man is always willing to be little-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Humility will open more doors than arrogance ever will-dd- Zig Ziglar . True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing-dd- Socrates . Mastery begins with humility-dd- Robin Sharma . Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world-dd- Miyamoto Musashi . Every person that you meet knows something you don’t; learn from them-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr . We come nearest to the great when we are great in humility-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it-dd- Criss Jami . Never look down on anybody unless you’re helping them up-dd- Jesse Jackson . To lead the people, walk behind them-dd- Lao Tzu . Pride makes us artificial and humility makes us real-dd- Thomas Merton . The only wisdom we can hope to acquire is the wisdom of humility-dd- T-dd-S-dd- Eliot . It was pride that changed angels into devils; it is humility that makes men as angels-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Perfection is impossible without humility-dd- Why should I strive for perfection, if I am already good enough-qq- Leo Tolstoy . Humility, that low, sweet root, from which all heavenly virtues shoot-dd- Thomas Moore . Humility is not thinking less of yourself, it’s thinking of yourself less-dd- C-dd- S-dd- Lewis . If you are humble nothing will touch you, neither praise nor disgrace, because you know what you are-dd- Mother Teresa . Sometimes you have to lose something to gain something better-dd- A door has to shut before a new door can open-dd- Joel Osteen . Don’t seek praise-dd- Let your effort speak for itself-dd- Unknown . Humility is the proper estimate of oneself-dd- Charles Spurgeon . I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance-dd- Diogenes . Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame-dd- Alexander Pope . I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university-dd- Albert Einstein . The young wants massive confidence-dd- The wise avoids it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . There’s no need to show off when you know who you are-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Two things define you-dd- Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything-dd- Imam Ali . Grateful yet ambitious-dd- Wordly yet wise-dd- Strong yet loving-dd- Robin Sharma . Pride is the problem, humility is the answer-dd- Joyce Meyer . We are all stumblers, and the beauty and meaning of life are in the stumbling-dd- David Brooks . I have three precious things which I hold fast and prize-dd- The first is gentleness; the second is frugality; the third is humility, which keeps me from putting myself before others-dd- Be gentle and you can be bold; be frugal and you can be liberal; avoid putting yourself before others and you can become a leader among men-dd- Lao Tzu . Humility is the solid foundation of all virtues-dd- Confucius . Perhaps wisdom…is realizing how small I am, and unwise, and how far I have yet to go-dd- Anthony Bourdain . The best of people is the one who humbles himself the more his rank increases-dd- Prophet Muhammad . Humility is nothing but truth, and pride is nothing but lying-dd- Saint Vincent de Paul . In reality, humility means nothing other than complete honesty about yourself-dd- William Countryman . People search for certainty-dd- But there is no certainty-dd- Richard P-dd- Feynman . To share your weakness is to make yourself vulnerable; to make yourself vulnerable is to show your strength-dd- Criss Jami (This is one of my favorite humility quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Humility is the surest sign of strength-dd- Thomas Merton . Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Humility is the key to moral excellence-dd- It is the noblest quality a person can possess-dd- […] It is the mother of all possibilities-dd- Venerable Master Hsin Yun . True humility does not know that it is humble-dd- If it did, it would be proud from the contemplation of so fine a virtue-dd- Martin Luther . Humility is the greatest quality that a man can have, and arrogance is undoubtedly the worst-dd- Maulana W-dd- Khan . Humility is the essence of love and intelligence; it is not an achievement-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Humility is the most beautiful virtue that we can develop-dd- Joyce Meyer . Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Religion is to do right-dd- It is to love, it is to serve, it is to think, it is to be humble-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong-dd- Albert Einstein . Success is a lousy teacher-dd- It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self-dd- Ernest Hemingway . It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit-dd- Harry S-dd- Truman (33rd U-dd-S-dd- President) . Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it-dd- Colin Powell . It is unwise to be too sure of one’s own wisdom-dd- It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . These are the few ways we can practice humility: To speak as little as possible of one’s self-dd- To mind one’s own business-dd- Not to want to manage other people’s affairs-dd- To avoid curiosity-dd- To accept contradictions and correction cheerfully-dd- To pass over the mistakes of others-dd- To accept insults and injuries-dd- To accept being slighted, forgotten and disliked-dd- To be kind and gentle even under provocation-dd- Never to stand on one’s dignity-dd- To choose always the hardest-dd- Mother Teresa . What are the things that you can’t see that are important-qq- I would say justice, truth, humility, service, compassion, love-dd- You can’t see any of those, but they’re the guiding lights of a life-dd- Jimmy Carter (39th U-dd-S-dd- President) . Who is more humble-qq- The scientist who looks at the universe with an open mind and accepts whatever the universe has to teach us, or somebody who says everything in this book must be considered the literal truth and never mind the fallibility of all the human beings involved-qq- Carl Sagan . Do you wish people to think well of you-qq- Don’t speak well of yourself-dd- Blaise Pascal . Nobody has ever expected me to be president-dd- In my poor, lean lank face nobody has ever seen that any cabbages were sprouting-dd- Abraham Lincoln (16th U-dd-S-dd- President) . I have been driven many times upon my knees by the overwhelming conviction that I had no where else to go-dd- My own wisdom and that of all about me seemed insufficient for that day-dd- Abraham Lincoln . If you’re not humble, life will visit humbleness upon you-dd- Mike Tyson . I truly believe we are all equal as human beings-dd- Conor McGregor . I hear my friends and my mom tell me I’m special, but honestly, I still don’t get it-dd- LeBron James . Everybody can be great…because anybody can serve-dd- You don’t have to have a college degree to serve-dd- You don’t have to make your subject and verb agree to serve-dd- You only need a heart full of grace-dd- A soul generated by love-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Humility, like the darkness, reveals the heavenly lights-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The world tells us to seek success, power and money; God tells us to seek humility, service and love-dd- Pope Francis . There is a universal respect and even admiration for those who are humble and simple by nature, and who have absolute confidence in all human beings irrespective of their social status-dd- Nelson Mandela . Accept everything which happens, even if it seem disagreeable, because it leads to this, the health of the universe-dd- Marcus Aurelius . A true genius admits that he/she knows nothing-dd- Albert Einstein . Blushing is the color of virtue-dd- Diogenes . It takes a big person to do something small-dd- Joel Osteen . For me, someone who brags is a red flag-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Humility is absolutely necessary for true learning-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Never curse a fall-dd- The ground is where humility lives-dd- Yasmin Mogahed . Without humility there can be no humanity-dd- John Buchan . Learn to laugh at yourselves as one must laugh-xx- Friedrich Nietzsche . The soul is healed by being with children-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . Humility is not a trait I often associate with America-dd- Mira Nair . The greatest patience is humility-dd- Atiśa Dīpa kara Śrījñāna . Work hard, stay humble-dd- . Arrogance repels-dd- Humility inspires-dd- Robin Sharma . Humility wins-dd- Love conquers-dd- Robin Sharma . Greatness loves gratitude-dd- Robin Sharma . Modesty is a lubricant for unpleasant intrusions-dd- Norman Mailer . He who tries to shine dims his own light-dd- Lao Tzu . True humility is contentment-dd- Henri Frederic Amiel . If I only had a little humility, I’d be perfect-dd- Ted Turner . Nobody stands taller than those willing to stand corrected-dd- William Safire . There is beauty and humility in imperfection-dd- Guillermo del Toro . If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . Be humble, hungry and the hardest worker in the room-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . Think good thoughts-dd- Speak good words-dd- Take good actions-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Amateurs put blinders and miss opportunities-dd- Professionals stay humble and learn the lessons-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Stand in utter humility at the sight of your true potential for mastery-dd- Robin Sharma . In humility is the greatest freedom-dd- As long as you have to defend the imaginary self that you think is important, you lose your peace of heart-dd- Thomas Merton . The greatest friend of truth is time, her greatest enemy is prejudice, and her constant companion is humility-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Real genius is nothing else but the supernatural virtue of humility in the domain of thought-dd- Simone Weil . I believe the first test of a truly great man is in his humility-dd- John Ruskin . The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow-dd- Aaron Lauritsen . Do you wish to be great-qq- Then begin by being-dd- Do you desire to construct a vast and lofty fabric-qq- Think first about the foundations of humility-dd- The higher your structure is to be, the deeper must be its foundation-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Do you wish to rise-qq- Begin by descending-dd- You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds-qq- Lay first the foundation of humility-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Humility, gentleness, and helpfulness go so much further and open doors you cannot imagine-dd- Ann Tran . Talent means nothing, while experience, acquired in humility and with hard work, means everything-dd- Patrick Süskind . I long to accomplish a great and noble tasks, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble-dd- The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker-dd- Helen Keller . It is a wholesome and necessary thing for us to turn again to the earth and in the contemplation of her beauties to know of wonder and humility-dd- Rachel Carson . Never, ‘for the sake of peace and quiet,’ deny your own experience or convictions-dd- Dag Hammarskjold . Pride must die in you, or nothing of heaven can live in you-dd- Andrew Murray . Stay true in the dark and humble in the spotlight-dd- Harold B-dd- Lee . On the highest throne in the world, we still sit only on our own bottom-dd- Michel de Montaigne . I have nothing to declare except my genius-dd- Oscar Wilde . Don’t accept your dog’s admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful-dd- Ann Landers . If I had to name my greatest strength, I guess it would be my humility-dd- Greatest weakness, it’s possible that I’m a little too awesome-dd- Barack Obama . There are two kinds of egotists: Those who admit it, and the rest of us-dd- Laurence J-dd- Peter . Just remember, when someone has an accent, it means that he knows one more language than you do-dd- Sidney Sheldon . Who knows himself a braggart, let him fear this, for it will come to pass that every braggart shall be found an ass-dd- William Shakespeare . If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, “He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would not have mentioned these alone-dd- Epictetus . I want to establish that I’m a “dumb shit” who doesn’t know much relative to what I need to know-dd- Ray Dalio (American billionaire investor and philanthropist) . Whenever the world throws rose petals at you, which thrill and seduce the ego, beware-dd- The cosmic banana peel is suddenly going to appear underfoot to make sure you don’t take it all too seriously, that you don’t fill up on junk food-dd- Anne Lamott . I don’t want to see you-dd- I don’t like you-dd- I don’t like your face-dd- You look like an insufferable egotist-dd- You’re impertinent-dd- You’re too sure of yourself-dd- Ayn Rand . Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example-dd- Mark Twain . Early in life I had to choose between honest arrogance and hypocritical humility-dd- I chose honest arrogance and have seen no occasion to change-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . If your sentence starts with “I could be wrong”, it’s a good sign you should shut your mouth or ask a question-dd- Shane Parrish . I shall not commit the fashionable stupidity of regarding everything I cannot explain as a fraud-dd- Carl Jung . A lot of people think that to be a motherfucker is to be a person who is the dominant figure-dd- But I actually think that true motherfuckerhood … really has to do with being humble-dd- Cheryl Strayed . Flattery is all right so long as you don’t inhale-dd- Adlai Stevenson . Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you-dd- Carl Jung . Don’t talk about yourself; it will be done when you leave-dd- Wilson Mizner . Even when it speaks, humility listens-dd- Thomas Merton . You are not a drop in the ocean-dd- You are the entire ocean in a drop-dd- Rumi . There is no birth of consciousness without pain-dd- Carl Jung . Be silent and listen: have you recognized your madness and do you admit it-qq- Carl Jung . In humility and honesty you’ll find pain, envy and fear but you’ll also find strength, beauty and truth-dd- Maxime Lagacé . True humility is when you can surprise yourself more than others; the rest is either shyness or good marketing-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Something beautiful can happen to people when their world falls apart: humility, nobility and wisdom emerge just when our knees hit the floor-dd- Marianne Williamson . Those who are believed to be most abject and humble are usually the most ambitious and envious-dd- Baruch Spinoza . There are only two kinds of men: the righteous who think they are sinners and the sinners who think they are righteous-dd- Blaise Pascal . All streams flow to the sea because it is lower than they are-dd- Humility gives it its power-dd- Lao Tzu . Confidence is important but ego is something false-dd- Humility is the way to build confidence-dd- Frank Shamrock . Realize that you are simultaneously everything and nothing – and decide what you want to be-dd- Ray Dalio (Life principle 1-dd-5d in his book Principles) . Life is a mirror and will reflect back to the thinker what he thinks into it-dd- Ernest Holmes . Humility is the most difficult of all virtues to achieve; nothing dies harder than the desire to think well of oneself-dd- T-dd-S-dd- Eliot . You must be humble, but never “modest”-dd- Paulo Coelho . The tyrant dies and his rule is over, the martyr dies and his rule begins-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . The truth is a trap: you cannot get it without it getting you; you cannot get the truth by capturing it, only by its capturing you-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . The measure of who we are is how we react to something that does not go our way-dd- Gregg Popovich . You are going to die-dd- Shay Carl . Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose-dd- You are already naked-dd- There is no reason not to follow your heart-dd- Steve Jobs . Often the problem turns out to be you-dd- Shane Parrish . Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not-dd- Both are equally terrifying-dd- Arthur C-dd- Clarke . The idea that some lives matter less is the root of all that is wrong with the world-dd- Dr-dd- Paul Farmer . Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Men fight for liberty and win it with hard knocks-dd- Their children, brought up easy, let it slip away again, poor fools-dd- And their grandchildren are once more slaves-dd- D-dd- H-dd- Lawrence . I maintain that Truth is a pathless land, and you cannot approach it by any path whatsoever, by any religion, by any sect-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . It is the desire for success that prevents humility; and without humility how can there be understanding-qq- Jiddu Krishnamurti . I’ve done what I could, let those who can do better-dd- Alexander Solzhenitsyn . The point is urgency-dd- Appreciation-dd- Humility-dd- The present moment-dd- Ryan Holiday . Reminding ourselves each day that we will die, helps us treat our time as a gift-dd- Ryan Holiday . The soft overcomes the hard-dd- The slow overcomes the fast-dd- Lao Tzu . The greatest wisdom consists in knowing one’s own follies-dd- Madeleine De Souvre Sable . The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes-dd- Winston Churchill . To live free is to live in humility: you don’t pretend, you don’t show off-dd- You are simply you-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Talent is God given-dd- Be humble-dd- Fame is man-given-dd- Be grateful-dd- Conceit is self-given-dd- Be careful-dd- John Wooden . To be old and wise, you must first have to be young and stupid-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . I am wiser than this man, for neither of us appears to know anything great and good; but he fancies he knows something, although he knows nothing; whereas I, as I do not know anything, so I do not fancy I do-dd- Socrates . A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Audacity gets you to shoot for big goals and humility gives you the open-mindedness to take in the best thinking available to you to get you to those goals-dd- Ray Dalio . What if, for starters, instead of constantly trying to prove how much smarter we are than others, we look for the intelligence in what others do-dd- Neil Strauss . Humility is clearer-eyed than ego — and that’s important because humility always works harder than ego-dd- Ryan Holiday . The faculty to think objectively is reason; the emotional attitude behind reason is that of humility-dd- Erich Fromm . We’re all the stars of our own movies, but cutting back on the number of Do you know who I am-qq- thoughts made my life infinitely smoother-dd- Dan Harris . My opponent is my teacher-dd- My ego is my enemy-dd- Renzo Gracie . It is not who is right, but what is right, that is of importance-dd- Thomas Huxley . We can’t bring anything to us unless we are grateful for what we already have-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Humility requires discipline of the tongue-dd- Joyce Meyer . Be like the bamboo the higher you grow the deeper you bow-dd- Chinese proverb . Everyone praises their own work (or possession), no matter how inferior it is-dd- Russian proverb . Self praise is no recommendation-dd- Romanian proverb . Chickens don’t praise their own soup-dd- Martinican proverb . Spoil not an act of kindness by speaking of it-dd- Proverb . To a person who has true humility, words are vows-dd- Filipino proverb . Even if you believe you are right, consider the possibility that you could be wrong-dd- Joyce Meyer . No one may pride himself at being more than an individual, and no one despondently think that he is not an individual-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . Be careful, ever so careful, in trumpeting your own achievements, and always talk less about yourself than about other people-dd- Modesty is generally preferable-dd- Robert Greene . We have to allow ourselves to realize that we are complete fools; otherwise, we have nowhere to begin-dd- Chögyam Trungpa . Some ask if lowering one’s pride is conceding defeat-dd- I think not-dd- Humility is a sign of inner strength and wisdom-dd- Haemin Sunim . Pride is concerned with who is right while humility is concerned with what is right-dd- Ezra Taft Benson . Humility, like gratitude, is not so much a technique as it is a way of life-dd- Ed Latimore . Keep your head up in failure, and your head down in success-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . The higher we are placed, the more humbly we should walk-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . The less people speak of their greatness, the more we think of it-dd- Francis Bacon . You won’t learn if you think you already know everything-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . If you stay humble, you stay open-dd- If you stay open, you keep learning-dd- If you keep learning, it means you are growing-dd- It means you’re living-dd- Maxime Lagacé . To be humble to superiors is duty, to equals courtesy, to inferiors nobleness-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Greatness is not found in possessions, power, position, or prestige-dd- It is discovered in goodness, humility, service and character-dd- William Arthur Ward . My desire for knowledge is intermittent, but my desire to bathe my head in atmospheres unknown to my feet is perennial and constant-dd- Henry David Thoreau . “Thank you” – two words that have the most unfathomable power to transform your life-dd- Say thank you to everyone you meet today-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Humility is perfect quietness of heart-dd- It is to expect nothing, to wonder at nothing that is done to me, to feel nothing done against me-dd- It is to be at rest when nobody praises me, and when I am blamed or despised-dd- Andrew Murray . In essence, you are neither inferior nor superior to anyone-dd- True self-esteem and true humility arise out of that realization-dd- In the eyes of the ego, self-esteem and humility are contradictory-dd- In truth, they are one and the same-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Self-praise is for losers-dd- Be a winner-dd- Stand for something-dd- Always have class, and be humble-dd- John Madden . We have to humble ourselves and the way you do that is by serving other people-dd- Tim Tebow . Being humble takes more courage than hauling arrogance-dd- Desmond Fouche . The humblest is the greatest-dd- To display humility isn’t weak-dd- It’s strong and sure and brave-dd- Robin Sharma . Humbleness is a sign of bigness – never weakness-dd- Robin Sharma . Simplicity is the trademark of genius-dd- Robin Sharma . Humility leads to strength and not to weakness-dd- It is the highest form of self-respect to admit mistakes and to make amends for them-dd- John J-dd- McCloy . Humility and simplicity help us better than anything else to acquire the right frame of mind to grow towards perfection-dd- Abbe de Tourville . Selflessness is humility-dd- Humility and freedom go hand in hand-dd- Only a humble person can be free-dd- Jeff Wilson . There is something in humility which, strangely enough, exalts the heart, and something in pride which debases it-dd- Augustine of Hippo . True humility is staying teachable, regardless of how much you already know-dd- Unknown . He who truly knows has no occasion to shout-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Be smart, but never show it-dd- Louis B Mayer . The first product of self-knowledge is humility-dd- Flannery O’Connor . If humility does not precede all that we do, our efforts are fruitless-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Minimizing your achievements doesn’t do anyone any good-dd- Own your success-dd- Amy Morin . Don’t build a wall of lies around yourself-dd- Have the honesty and courage to accept your vulnerability and you’ll flow through life-dd- Maxime Lagacé . It’s much easier on the emotions when one sees life as an experiment rather than a struggle for popularity-dd- Criss Jami . The challenges we face in life can often be our greatest gifts with the right perspective-dd- Tony Robbins . Losing is a learning experience-dd- It teaches you humility-dd- It teaches you to work harder-dd- It’s also a powerful motivator-dd- Yogi Berra . You are very smart and have a lot of knowledge, but don’t let that knowledge hold you back-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble-dd- Courage is the foundation of integrity-dd- Keshavan Nair . Look closely at your life: you have received and continue to receive so much each and every day-dd- There is really so much to give thanks for-xx- Rhonda Byrne . Happiness is the shortcut to anything you want in your life-dd- If you can just manage to feel and be happy now, the rest will come-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts-dd- Mark Twain . Humility isn’t denying your strengths; it’s being honest about your weaknesses-dd- Rick Warren . To learn which questions are unanswerable, and not to answer them: this skill is most needful in times of stress and darkness-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . If you had not suffered as you have, there would be no depth to you, no humility, no compassion-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Humility of heart is the first step to salvation-dd- Zac Poonen . Until you have suffered much in your heart, you cannot learn humility-dd- Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica . Without patience, there can be no genius-dd- Robin Sharma . When we stop taking risks, we stop living life-dd- Robin Sharma . Failure is fuel for success-dd- If you choose so-dd- Robin Sharma . If pain doesn’t lead to humility, you have wasted your suffering-dd- Katerina Stoykova Klemer . Any kind of encounter with adversity or limitation, at any age, can serve as the crucible for forging the attitude of fearlessness-dd- Robert Greene . The more I see of the world and the more people I meet, the less certain I become about who I am and what sense there is to life-dd- Keenu Reeves . A humble man is not afraid of failure-dd- In fact, he is not afraid of anything, even himself-dd- Thomas Merton . Humility is the foundation for every good attitude-dd- Joyce Meyer . Life is full of troubles-dd- Endure them well-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Humility and patience are the surest proofs of the increase of love-dd- John Wesley . Compassion is one of the purest springs of love-dd- Anne Truitt . Loving and caring for someone shows humility, but most of all, strength-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Meekness and humility are two of the most beautiful aspects of love-dd- Joyce Meyer . Giving a compliment doesn’t cost anything-dd- It’s just one great way to encourage those around you today-dd- Joyce Meyer . Humility is throwing oneself away in complete concentration on something or someone else-dd- Madeleine L’Engle . Whoever loves becomes humble-dd- Those who love have , so to speak , pawned a part of their narcissism-dd- Sigmund Freud . Self-reflection starts with humility-dd- It’s the way we begin to get better and strengthen each and every relationship-dd- Todd Davis . Every one is worthy of love, except him who thinks that he is-dd- Love is a sacrament that should be taken kneeling-dd- Oscar Wilde . The healing is in the humility-dd- Not in getting even or holding a grudge-dd- Joel Osteen . The obedience is what brings the blessing-dd- The way to be obedient is to walk in humility-dd- Joel Osteen . You don’t have to tell people what they’re doing wrong-dd- They already know-dd- Just love them-dd- Let your life be your message-dd- Joel Osteen . Don’t put yourself down just to avoid criticism, to please others, or to show your “kindness”-dd- The world needs light, not mediocrity-dd- Paulo Coelho . When you wake up to the new day today, before you move, before you do a single thing, say the magic words, thank you-dd- Rhonda Byrne (The Secret) . Gratitude eliminates fear, worry, grief, and depression, and brings happiness, kindness, compassion, understanding, and peace of mind-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Every time you feel grateful you are giving love, and whatever you give, you receive-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Treat yourself with love and respect, and you will attract people who show you love and respect-dd- Rhonda Byrne . As you grow up, always tell the truth, do no harm to others, and don’t think you are the most important being on earth-dd- Rich or poor, you then can look anyone in the eye and say, “I’m probably no better than you, but I’m certainly your equal”-dd- Harper Lee . Love, is the honoring of others in a way that grants them the grace of their own autonomy and allows mutual discovery-dd- Anne Truitt . Humility is not one virtue among others, but an attitude by which we stand on the ground alongside things-dd- From this position we can be reconciled with all things and begin a truly cosmic democracy-dd- Leonardo Boff . When you are listening to somebody, completely, attentively, then you are listening not only to the words, but also to the feeling of what is being conveyed, to the whole of it, not part of it-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . If we could see the whole truth of any situation, our only response would be one of compassion-dd- Mingyur Rinpoche . There is hardly any activity, any enterprise, which is started with such tremendous hopes and expectations, and yet, which fails so regularly, as love-dd- Erich Fromm . Love, being dependent on the relative absence of narcissism, requires the development of humility, objectivity and reason-dd- Erich Fromm . “Thank you” is the best prayer that anyone could say-dd- I say that one a lot-dd- Thank you expresses extreme gratitude, humility, understanding-dd- Alice Walker . To be humble is to be great-dd- To be loving is to become heroic-dd- Robin Sharma . Only humility knows how to appreciate and admire the good qualities of others-dd- Sri Chinmoy . There is no respect for others without humility in one’s self-dd- Henri Frederic Amiel . Pride hopes to impress; humility seeks to bless-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . The proud man can learn humility, but he will be proud of it-dd- Mignon McLaughlin . Arrogance is the easiest and most futile way to feel good about yourself because you feel superior to others-dd- Humility is the hardest but surest way to feel good about yourself because it shows care for others-dd- By caring for others, you care for yourself-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Humility is the key to growth-dd- If you think you know it all you’re wrong and will be forever stuck where you are-dd- Confidence, not arrogance, is what we should all be after-dd- Brad Stulberg . Success leads to the greatest failure, which is pride-dd- Failure leads to the greatest success, which is humility and learning-dd- David Brooks . Ego clouds the mind precisely when it needs to be clear-dd- Ryan Holiday . Ego is the enemy-dd- Ryan Holiday . The arrogant make fun of others-dd-The humble make fun of themselves-dd- Rick Warren . Pride makes us more certain and closed-minded than we should be-dd- David Brooks . In the eyes of the ego, self-esteem and humility are contradictory-dd- In truth, they are one and the same-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . People that put themselves above others will fall longer and harder-dd- Gina Lindley . Pride is pleasure arising from a man’s thinking too highly of himself-dd- Baruch Spinoza . There are two things that men should never weary of, goodness and humility; we get none too much of them in this rough world among cold, proud people-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . Ego is hugely dangerous in this sport, because if you’re running on ego you aren’t running on good clean emotions or cause and effect-dd- You bypass it to support a false idea-dd- It’s all garbage, the ego is garbage-dd- Frank Shamrock . The great corrupter of public man is the ego-dd- Looking at the mirror distracts one’s attention from the problem-dd- Dean Acheson . Ego says ‘I can do no wrong’, whereas confidence says “I can get this right”-dd- Confidence says “I’m valuable” while ego says “I’m invaluable”-dd- Todd Henry . Don’t let pride hold you back-dd- The new beginning is in your humility-dd- Joel Osteen . You can have no greater sign of confirmed pride than when you think you are humble enough-dd- William Law . Throughout my life I’ve observed how important it is to cast off all forms of arrogance and cultivate humility-dd- Dr-dd- Wolfgang Porsche . Whether you have a Maruti or a BMW, the road remains the same-dd- Whether you travel economy class or business, your destination doesn’t change-dd- Whether you have a Titan or a Rolex, the time is the same-dd- There is nothing wrong in dreaming a luxurious life-dd- What needs to be taken care of is not let need become greed-dd- Because needs can always be met, but greed can never be fulfilled-dd- Rajinikanth . Hold back your mind from pride, for pride comes only from ignorance-dd- The man who does not know thinks that he is great, that he has done this or that great thing; the wise man knows that only God is great, that all good work is done by God alone-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Humility is a call to see our common-ness, our humanity, indeed, a clarion call to give up the selfishness at the root of all sin-dd- Humility, understood in terms we have been considering, may well be the ‘cure’ for the alienation of our age-dd- Bonnie Thurston . Egotism sucks us down like the law of gravity-dd- Cyril Connolly . Proud people breed sad sorrows for themselves-dd- Emily Brontë . Never make this mistake of thinking that you elevate yourself by humiliating people-dd- Robert Greene . There is nothing more intoxicating than victory, and nothing more dangerous-dd- Robert Greene . No one reaches the kingdom of Heaven except by humility-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Better to give than to receive-dd- Acts 20:35 . Whoever exalts himself will be humbled, and whoever humbles himself will be exalted-dd- Matthew 23:12 . No one is respected unless he is humble; arrogant people are on the way to ruin-dd- Proverbs 18:12 . Before his downfall a man’s heart is proud, but humility comes before honor-dd- Proverbs 18:12 . The reward for humility and fear of the Lord is riches and honor and life-dd- Proverbs 22:4 . Do nothing from selfish ambition or conceit, but in humility count others more significant than yourselves-dd- Let each of you look not only to his own interests, but also to the interests of others-dd- Philippians 2:3 . If you are wise and understand God’s ways, prove it by living an honorable life, doing good works with the humility that comes from wisdom-dd- James 3:13 . Don’t be misled — you cannot mock the justice of God-dd- You will always harvest what you plant-dd- Galatians 6:7 . It is that habitual quality whereby we live in the truth of things: the truth that we are creatures and not the Creator… the truth that in our littleness we have been given extravagant dignity-dd- Robert F-dd- Morneau . A truly humble person doesn’t engage in self-depreciation – they appreciate all their amazing talents and abilities and recognize they are gifts from God-dd- Joyce Meyer . The common man prays, ‘I want a cookie right now-xx-’ And God responds, ‘If you’d listen to what I say, tomorrow it will bring you 100 cookies-dd- Criss Jami . The more humble and obedient to God a man is, the more wise and at peace he will be in all that he does-dd- Thomas à Kempis . In perfect humility all selfishness disappears and your soul no longer lives for itself or in itself for God: and it is lost and submerged in Him and transformed into Him-dd- Thomas Merton . God gives us things to share, God doesn’t give us things to hold-dd- Mother Teresa . Humility is the key to wonder-dd- As humility grows, wonder deepens-dd- You will see yourself as a temporary expression of God’s infinite and timeless unfolding-dd- Aware of your impermanence, you become brother and sister to all life-dd- You realize the common fate of all beings and find in that realization a compassion that embraces all beings-dd- Rami Shapiro . I am persuaded that love and humility are the highest attainments in the school of Christ and the brightest evidences that He is indeed our Master-dd- John Newton . Truly, I say to you, unless you turn and become like children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven-dd- Whoever humbles himself like this child is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven-dd- Matthew 18:3-4 . Jealousy says, “God, you owe me”-dd- Andy Stanley . Plenty of people wish to become devout, but no one wishes to be humble-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . We are all apprentices in a craft where no one ever becomes a master-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The person who has gained a strong opinion is not free-dd- Shane Parrish . To learn, go in the uncomfortable zone-dd- To go in this zone, you must be willing to fail-dd- To fail and try again, you must be indifferent to failing-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Learning isn’t acquiring knowledge so much as it is trimming information that has already been acquired-dd- Criss Jami . The barrier during self-improvement is not so much that we hate learning, rather we hate being taught-dd- To learn entails that the knowledge was achieved on one’s own accord – it feels great – but to be taught often leaves a feeling of inferiority-dd- Thus it takes a bit of determination and a lot of humility in order for one to fully develop-dd- Criss Jami . With too much pride a man cannot learn a thing-dd- In and of itself, learning teaches you how foolish you are-dd- Criss Jami . A man should never be ashamed to own that he has been in the wrong, which is but saying in other words that he is wiser today than he was yesterday-dd- Alexander Pope . We are in the position of a little child entering a huge library filled with books in many languages-dd- Albert Einstein . Learning is the very essence of humility, learning from everything and from everybody-dd- There is no hierarchy in learning-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . It is an attitude of great hubris to be unwilling to learn-dd- It shows that you think you already know what you need to know-dd- An eagerness to learn from anyone and everyone signifies humility and intelligence-dd- The Ancient Sage . Humility is the doorway to truth and clarity of objectives… it’s the doorway to learning-dd- Wynton Marsalis . Learning-dd- To believe you are magnificent-dd- And gradually to discover that you are not magnificent-dd- Enough labor for one human life-dd- Czesław Miłosz . If you don’t look back on yourself and think, “Wow how stupid I was a year ago,” then you must not have learned much in the last year-dd- Ray Dalio . If you’re going to reach your highest potential, you have to humble yourself and do things you don’t understand-dd- It takes humility to be the bigger person-dd- Joel Osteen . Humility is the first step towards learning-dd- You can’t learn until you are humble enough to realize there is something for you to learn-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Successful people ask questions-dd- They seek new teachers-dd- They’re always learning-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . There is nothing wrong with appearing to be a fool, if what you are doing is in fact intelligent-dd- Paulo Coelho . No pain that we suffer, no trial that we experience is wasted-dd- It ministers to our education, to the development of such qualities as patience, faith, fortitude and humility-dd- Orson F-dd- Whitney . Your ego can become an obstacle to your work-dd- If you start believing in your greatness, it is the death of your creativity-dd- Marina Abramovic . Fight your own pride and ego and be open-minded and always learning new techniques, new things from anyone-dd- Sam Sheridan . No learning without humility-dd- No growth without pain-dd- No reward without risk-dd- No change without loss-dd- Embrace-dd- Endure-dd- The Stoic Emperor . An intelligent person is never afraid or ashamed to find errors in their understanding of things-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . The moment I learned a lot, I realized how little I knew-dd- Robin Sharma . What makes masters is that they think like beginners-dd- Robin Sharma . Your thinking creates your world-dd- Your performance causes your impact-dd- And your devotion to learning shapes the depht of your legacy-dd- Robin Sharma . Life teaches us through errors-dd- When we accept the lesson from our mistake with humility and gratitude, we grow that much more-dd- Haemin Sunim . A scientist is never certain-dd- […] We absolutely must leave room for doubt or there is no progress and there is no learning-dd- Richard P-dd- Feynman . There is no learning without having to pose a question-dd- And a question requires doubt-dd- Richard P-dd- Feynman . To learn requires a sense of humility-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . To negate the ego you must adopt a kind of humility toward knowledge-dd- Robert Greene . If you want to govern the people, you must place yourself below them-dd- Lao Tzu . It is not titles that honor men, but men that honor titles-dd- Niccolò Machiavelli . Will you be willing to push really hard-qq- Will you try again-qq- And again-qq- Will you give more than you take-qq- Maxime Lagacé . Success doesn’t matter if you can’t keep your humility-dd- Mel Robbins . Let your work speak for you, and then just keep working-dd- Mel Robbins . Intellectual humility is a critical trait for would-be founders, perhaps for anyone really ambitious-dd- Paul Graham . The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them-dd- Benjamin Jowett . Don’t confuse humility with meekness-dd- Humility is being open to the ideas of others-dd- Bob Gaylor . A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves-dd- Lao Tzu . Leadership is not a popularity contest-dd- it’s about leaving your ego at the door-dd- The name of the game is to lead without a title-dd- Robin Sharma . Great leaders don’t need to act tough-dd- Their confidence and humility serve to underscore their toughness-dd- Simon Sinek . Humility must accompany all our actions, must be with us everywhere; for as soon as we glory in our good works they are of no further value to our advancement in virtue-dd- Augustine Of Hippo . It is not for me to judge another man’s life-dd- I must judge, I must choose, I must spurn, purely for myself-dd- For myself, alone-dd- Herman Hesse . There are four dimensions to character: authenticity, self-management, humility, and courage-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Nobody likes working with a leader who is full of himself and works only for his own benefit-dd- People want to work with a leader who displays humility-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Great leaders are great listeners, who know their best asset is the people they work with-dd- Richard Branson . Humble people can do great things with uncommon perfection because they are no longer concerned about their own interests and their own reputation, and therefore they no longer need to waste their efforts in defending them-dd- Thomas Merton . I believe that the first test of a truly great man is his humility-dd- I don’t mean by humility, doubt of his power-dd- But really great men have a curious feeling that the greatness is not of them, but through them-dd- John Ruskin . To become servant leaders, executives need to take three steps: building relationships of trust, setting up win-win performance agreements, and then being a source of help-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . You cannot solve a problem with the same brain that caused the problem; first you must change your mindset-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Making mistakes isn’t enough to become great-dd- You must also admit the mistake, and then learn how to turn that mistake into an advantage-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . When in trouble, be humble, write down the mistakes you’ve made and why you made them, and then seek help from successful people in those fields-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Experience gained in mastering one domain will be valuable in mastering another, if you can retain the humility that allows you to tolerate being a beginner-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Being humble means recognizing that we are not on earth to see how important we can become, but to see how much difference we can make in the lives of others-dd- Gordon B-dd- Hinckley . Leaders must be willing to put the ship’s performance ahead of their egos-dd- Michael Abrashoff . Branding requires accountability-dd- To build a great personal brand (an eponymous one), you must take on the risk of being publicly wrong-dd- Naval Ravikant . Steve Jobs had a remarkable knack for letting go of things that didn’t work-dd- If you were in an argument with him, and you convinced him that you were right, he would instantly change his mind-dd- He didn’t hold on to an idea because he had once believed it to be brilliant-dd- His ego didn’t attach to the suggestions he made, even as he threw his full weight behind them-dd- Ed Catmull (Pixar) . Leadership is not a popularity contest; it’s about leaving your ego at the door-dd- The name of the game is to lead without a title-dd- Robin Sharma . Pride can make a leader a loser-dd- Humility is freedom from that destructive attitude-dd- Joyce Meyer . A business that makes nothing but money is a poor kind of business-dd- Henry Ford . Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time-dd- Thomas Merton . To the extent we behave with humility, to that extent good will result-dd- Ramana Maharshi . A proud man is always looking down on things and people; and, of course, as long as you are looking down, you cannot see something that is above you-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Politeness is the flower of humanity-dd- Joseph Joubert . Pray for your health first, then pray for humanity-dd- Maxime Lagacé . My country is the world, and my religion is to do good-dd- Thomas Paine . Be a good human being, a warm hearted, affectionate person-dd- That is my fundamental belief-dd- Dalai Lama . If you judge people, you have no time to love them-dd- Mother Teresa . Be the reason someone smiles-dd- Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Kindness is the best form of humanity-dd- Doris Lee . You must never be fearful about what you are doing when it is right-dd- Rosa Parks . The next evolutionary step for humankind is to move from man to kind-dd- Unknown . Strong people stand up for themselves, but stronger people stand up for others-dd- Unknown . Humanity has only scratched the surface of its real potential-dd- Peace Pilgrim . Humanity should be our race-dd- Love should be our religion-dd- Unknown . We cannot despair of humanity, since we ourselves are human beings-dd- Albert Einstein . All I have is a sense of duty toward all people and an attachment to those with whom I have become intimate-dd- Albert Einstein . We are very, very small, but we are profoundly capable of very, very big things-dd- Stephen Hawking . One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Each of us must work for his own improvement, and at the same time share a general responsibility for all humanity-dd- Marie Curie . Moral courage is the highest expression of humanity-dd- Ralph Nader . The more we take, the less there is for future generations-dd- Phil Kingston . Earth provides enough to satisfy every man’s need, but not every man’s greed-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Love life and life will love you back-dd- Love people and they will love you back-dd- Arthur Rubinstein . I’m for truth, no matter who tells it-dd- I’m for justice, no matter who it is for or against-dd- I’m a human being, first and foremost, and as such I’m for whoever and whatever benefits humanity as a whole-dd- Malcolm X . Angry people want you to see how powerful they are-dd- Loving people want you to see how powerful you are-dd- Chief Red Eagle . I have no race prejudices, and I think I have no color prejudices or caste prejudices nor creed prejudices-dd- Indeed I know it-dd- I can stand any society-dd- All that I care to know is that a man is a human being-that is enough for me; he can’t be any worse-dd- Mark Twain . We think too much and feel too little-dd- More than machinery, we need humanity; more than cleverness, we need kindness and gentleness-dd- Without these qualities, life will be violent and all will be lost-dd- Charles Chaplin . Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . We have flown the air like birds and swum the sea like fishes, but have yet to learn the simple act of walking the earth like brothers-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . I’m not concerned with your liking or disliking me… All I ask is that you respect me as a human being-dd- Jackie Robinson . Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow-dd- Plato . Find the sweetness in your own heart, then you may find the sweetness in every heart-dd- Rumi . To be a man is to feel that one’s own stone contributes to building the edifice of the world-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Do your little bit of good where you are; it’s those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world-dd- Desmond Tutu . This is my creed: Happiness is the only good; reason the only torch; justice the only worship, humanity the only religion, and love the only priest-dd- Robert Green Ingersoll . I am constantly preoccupied with how to remove distance so that we can all come closer together, so that we can all begin to sense we are the same, we are one-dd- David Hockney . An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself-dd- Leo Tolstoy . I don’t think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains-dd- Anne Frank . The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Great thoughts speak only to the thoughtful mind, but great actions speak to all mankind-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . To think ill of mankind and not wish ill to them, is perhaps the highest wisdom and virtue-dd- William Hazlitt . No religion is higher than humanity-dd- Abdul Sattar Edhi (This is one of my favorite humanity quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much-dd- Helen Keller . Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other-dd- Mother Teresa . This is one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind-dd- Neil Armstrong . Embrace with tender affection the whole of humanity, especially the poorest, the weakest, the least important-dd- Pope Francis . The great moral teachers of humanity were in a way artistic geniuses in the art of living-dd- Albert Einstein . The value of a man should be seen in what he gives and not in what he is able to receive-dd- Albert Einstein . The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything-dd- Albert Einstein . The human race is just a chemical scum on a moderate-sized planet, orbiting around a very average star in the outer suburb of one among a hundred billion galaxies-dd- We are so insignificant that I can’t believe the whole universe exists for our benefit-dd- That would be like saying that you would disappear if I closed my eyes-dd- Stephen Hawking . If our tears do not lead us to act then we have lost the reason of our humanity, which is compassion-dd- Dalai Lama . Our human compassion binds us the one to the other – not in pity or patronizingly but as human beings who have learnt how to turn our common suffering into hope for the future-dd- Nelson Mandela . No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin, or his background, or his religion-dd- People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite-dd- Nelson Mandela . We may have different religions, different languages, different colored skin, but we all belong to one human race-dd- We all share the same basic values-dd- Kofi Annan . My friends, our challenge today is not to save Western civilization – or Eastern, for that matter-dd- All civilization is at stake, and we can save it only if all peoples join together in the task-dd- Kofi Annan . In the midst of economic recovery and global upheaval, disasters like this remind us of the common humanity that we share-dd- Barack Obama (On Japan, March 17, 2011) . This is American leadership at its best-dd- We stand with people who fight for their own freedom, and we rally other nations on behalf of our common security and common humanity-dd- Barack Obama . This country will not be a good place for any of us to live in unless we make it a good place for all of us to live in-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . The bond of our common humanity is stronger than the divisiveness of our fears and prejudices-dd- Jimmy Carter . You want to max out your humanity by using your energy to lift yourself up, your family, and the people around you-dd- Oprah Winfrey . All the world’s a stage, and all the men and women mearly players-dd- William Shakespeare . My humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together-dd- Desmond Tutu . Benevolence is the characteristic element of humanity-dd- Confucius . You must not lose faith in humanity-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The golden way is to be friends with the world and to regard the whole human family as one-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . We must all learn to live together as brothers or we will all perish together as fools-dd- Because of our involvement in humanity we must be concerned about every human being-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Civilization began the first time an angry person cast a word instead of a rock-dd- Sigmund Freud . Be certain that you do not die without having done something wonderful for humanity-dd- Maya Angelou . Each person must live their life as a model for others-dd- Rosa Parks . The world is a stage, but the play is badly cast-dd- Oscar Wilde . Think higher, feel deeper-dd- Elie Wiesel . The only real nation is humanity-dd- Paul Farmer . The simplest way to be happy is to do good-dd- Helen Keller . Humanity needs to weep, and this is the time to weep-dd- Pope Francis . Truth is on the side of the oppressed-dd- Malcolm X . The perfect normal person is rare in our civilization-dd- Karen Horney . Comedy is the only hope for humanity-dd- Roseanne Barr . The moment we stop fighting for each other, that’s the moment that we lose our humanity-dd- Adrian Hemlsley (In the movie “2012”) . The human race has improved everything, but the human race-dd- Adlai E-dd- Stevenson . It’s all about humanity, humility, and integrity-dd- Debra Wilson . We are not broken, we are just unfinished-dd- Dawna Markova . Humanity is the virtue of a woman, generosity that of a man-dd- Adam Smith . The more I see of man, the more I like dogs-dd- Madame de Stael . God must love the common man, he made so many of them-dd- Abraham Lincoln . You cannot hope to build a better world without improving the individuals-dd- Marie Curie . Every step we take on earth brings us to a new world-dd- Federico Garcia Lorca . My humanity is a constant self-overcoming-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Compassion becomes real when we recognize our shared humanity-dd- Pema Chodron . Be soft-dd- Do not let the world make you hard-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . You don’t need a reason to help people-dd- Unknown . Sometimes a hug is worth more than a thousand words-dd- Unknown . I am not a human being; I am a human becoming-dd- Unknown . Be the reason someone smiles today-dd- Unknown . I would never trust a man who didn’t cry-dd- Norman Schwarzkopf . The strides of humanity are slow, they can only be counted in centuries-dd- Georg Buchner . The planet is fine-dd- The people are fucked-dd- George Carlin . To err is human, to forgive, divine-dd- Alexander Pope . Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire-dd- Thomas Keneally . All of our humanity is dependent upon recognizing the humanity in others-dd- Desmond Tutu . Let’s be better humans-dd- Unknown . When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful-dd- Malala Yousafzai . We were scared, but our fear was not as strong as our courage-dd- Malala Yousafzai . At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can-dd- Frida Kahlo . Progress is the attraction that moves humanity-dd- Marcus Garvey . We have to do the best we are capable of-dd- This is our sacred human responsibility-dd- Albert Einstien . This is what you shall do; Love the earth and sun and the animals, despise riches, give alms to every one that asks, stand up for the stupid and crazy, devote your income and labor to others, hate tyrants, argue not concerning God, have patience and indulgence toward the people-dd- Walt Whitman . People don’t realize how a man’s whole life can be changed by one book-dd- Malcolm X . Our most important task as a nation is to make sure all our young people can achieve their dreams-dd- Barack Obama . One of the biggest lies in the story of humanity is the lie of our imperfection-dd- Miguel Angel Ruiz . The world is truly beautiful solely in the eyes of a true philosopher-dd- Kedar Joshi . Part 1-dd- A human being is a part of the whole called by us universe, a part limited in time and space-dd- Albert Einstein . Part 2-dd- He experiences himself, his thoughts and feeling as something separated from the rest, a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness-dd- Albert Einstein . Part 3-dd- This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us-dd- Albert Einstein . Part 4-dd- Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty-dd- Albert Einstein . We must see in every person a universe with its own secrets, with its own treasures, with its own sources of anguish, and with some measure of triumph-dd- Elie Wiesel . Once you bring life into the world, you must protect it-dd- We must protect it by changing the world-dd- Elie Wiesel . Courage-dd- Kindness-dd- Friendship-dd- Character-dd- These are the qualities that define us as human beings, and propel us, on occasion, to greatness-dd- R-dd-J-dd- Palacio . Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world-dd- Margaret Laurence . To be a good human being is to have a kind of openness to the world, an ability to trust uncertain things beyond your own control, that can lead you to be shattered in very extreme circumstances for which you were not to blame-dd- That says something very important about the condition of the ethical life: that it is based on a trust in the uncertain and on a willingness to be exposed; it’s based on being more like a plant than like a jewel, something rather fragile, but whose very particular beauty is inseparable from that fragility-dd- Martha Nussbaum . It is not what a lawyer tells me I may do; but what humanity, reason, and justice tell me I ought to do-dd- Edmund Burke . I don’t believe in people just hoping-dd- We work for what we want-dd- I always say that one has no right to hope without endeavor-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Stand for something or you will fall for anything-dd- Today’s mighty oak is yesterday’s nut that held its ground-dd- Rosa Parks . People always say that I didn’t give up my seat because I was tired, but that isn’t true-dd- I was not tired physically … No, the only tired I was, was tired of giving in-dd- Rosa Parks . We forge gradually our greatest instrument for understanding the world – introspection-dd- We discover that humanity may resemble us very considerably – that the best way of knowing the inwardness of our neighbors is to know ourselves-dd- Walter Lippmann . The true test of a character is to face hard conditions with the determination to make them better-dd- Helen Keller . I’ve found that there is always some beauty left – in nature, sunshine, freedom, in yourself-dd- Anne Frank . Since we live in this world, we have to do our best for this world-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Even one voice can be heard loudly all over the world in this day and age-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . One person of integrity can make a difference-dd- Elie Wiesel . What makes you vulnerable makes you beautiful-dd- Brené Brown . I believe that mankind’s destiny lies in the stars-dd- Neil Gaiman . All human eyes have longing in them-dd- Ernesto Cardenal . We realize the importance of our voices only when we are silenced-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity-dd- Horace Mann . Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others-dd- Rosa Parks . Enjoying the joys of others and suffering with them – these are the best guides for men-dd- Albert Einstein . Man can find meaning in life, short and perilous as it is, only through devoting himself to society-dd- Albert Einstein . My passionate sense of social justice and social responsibility has always contrasted oddly with my pronounced lack of need for direct contact with other human beings and human communities-dd- Albert Einstein . Science knows no country, because knowledge belongs to humanity, and is the torch which illuminates the world-dd- Louis Pasteur . The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence-dd- Charles Bukowski . The most potent weapon in the hands of the oppressor is the mind of the oppressed-dd- Stephen Biko . How many disasters do we need to unite humanity-dd- Loesje . I love mankind; it’s people I can’t stand-dd- Charles M-dd- Schulz . On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time-dd- George Orwell . How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong-dd- Because someday in your life you will have been all of these-dd- George Washington Carver . Act in such a way that you treat humanity, whether in your own person or in the person of any other, never merely as a means to an end, but always at the same time as an end-dd- Immanuel Kant . What makes earth feel like hell is our expectation that it should feel like heaven-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . All things in this vast universe exist in you, with you, and for you-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Is man’s civilization only a wrappage, through which the savage nature of him can still burst, infernal as ever-qq- Thomas Carlyle . What Darwin was too polite to say, my friends, is that we came to rule the earth not because we were the smartest, or even the meanest, but because we have always been the craziest, most murderous motherfuckers in the jungle-dd- Stephen King . In times of danger large groups rise to the highest pitch of enthusiasm, courage and sacrifice… Mankind will be refashioned and history rewritten when this law is understood and obeyed-dd- Helen Keller . We are not human beings having a spiritual experience-dd- We are spiritual beings having a human experience-dd- Pierre Teilhard de Chardin . Human beings seem to be a poor invention-dd- If they are the noblest works of God where is the ignoblest-qq- Mark Twain . There is nothing on earth divine except humanity-dd- Walter Savage Landor . If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace-dd- Thomas Paine . Humanity is the refuse of spirit-dd- James Lendall Basford . We are healthy only to the extent that our ideas are humane-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . I ask you to ensure that humanity is served by wealth, and not ruled by it-dd- Pope Francis . People have become educated but have not become human-dd- Abdul Sattar Edhi . Dream for a better world and for a better humanity, not for a better car and a bigger house-dd- Thibaut . All that is valuable in human society depends upon the opportunity for development accorded to the individual-dd- Albert Einstein . If you’re in the luckiest one per cent of humanity, you owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the other 99 per cent-dd- Warren Buffett . I’m not impressed by money, social status or job title-dd- I’m impressed by the way someone treats other human beings-dd- Unknown . There can be no high civilization where there is not ample leisure-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light-dd- Helen Keller . The only worthwhile achievements of man are those which are socially useful-dd- Alfred Adler . It is only our humanity that can deliver us from the brutality of our achievements-dd- Henry Rollins . Just be good-dd- I’m good-dd- Not because I think I’ll go to heaven but because when I do something bad, I feel bad-dd- And when I do something good, I feel good-dd- Ricky Gervais . While we are sitting in meditation, we are simply exploring humanity and all of creation in the form of ourselves-dd- Pema Chodron . We can become extremely wise and sensitive to all of humanity and the whole universe simply by knowing ourselves, just as we are-dd- Pema Chodron . Being human is given-dd- But keeping our humanity is a choice-dd- Unknown . I am not religious-dd- I am a humanist because human beings are more important than dogma an traditions-dd- Unknown . The universe is my country and the human family is my tribe-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Our chief usefulness to humanity rests on our combining power with high purpose-dd- Power undirected by high purpose spells calamity, and high purpose by itself is utterly useless if the power to put it into effect is lacking-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Wealth without work, pleasure without conscience, knowledge without character, commerce without morality, science without humanity, worship without sacrifice, politics without principles-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The world is a dangerous place to live; not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don’t do anything about it-dd- Albert Einstein . Take care that you don’t treat inhumanity as it treats human beings-dd- Marcus Aurelius . It is absurd to divide people into good and bad-dd- People are either charming or tedious-dd- Oscar Wilde . There is always more misery among the lower classes than there is humanity in the higher-dd- Victor Hugo . You’ll never have a quiet world till you knock the patriotism out of the human race-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Even if I am a girl, even if people think I can’t do it, I should not lose hope-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Hope is like peace-dd- It is not a gift from God-dd- It is a gift only we can give one another-dd- Elie Wiesel . Just as despair can come to one only from other human beings, hope, too, can be given to one only by other human beings-dd- Elie Wiesel . Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement-dd- Nothing can be done without hope and confidence-dd- Helen Keller . As long as there is one upright man, as long as there is one compassionate woman, the contagion may spread and the scene is not desolate-dd- Hope is the thing that is left to us, in a bad time-dd- E-dd-B-dd- White . Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it-dd- Helen Keller . Love, hope, fear, faith – these make humanity; These are its sign and note and character-dd- Robert Browning . There is a universal respect and even admiration for those who are humble and simple by nature, and who have absolute confidence in all human beings irrespective of their social status-dd- Nelson Mandela . What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity-dd- These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life’s pathway, the good they do is inconceivable-dd- Joseph Addison . Reflecting on his years in prison, Nelson Mandela wrote that there were dark moments that tested his faith in humanity, but he refused to give up-dd- Barack Obama . The journey will be difficult-dd- The road will be long-dd- I face this challenge with profound humility, and knowledge of my own limitations-dd- But I also face it with limitless faith in the capacity of the American people-dd- Barack Obama . We are all prompted by the same motives, all deceived by the same fallacies, all animated by hope, obstructed by danger, entangled by desire, and seduced by pleasure-dd- Samuel Johnson . Socrates, indeed, when he was asked of what country he called himself, said, “Of the world”; for he considered himself an inhabitant and a citizen of the whole world-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Life is to be lived, not controlled, and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat-dd- Ralph Ellison . Only life suffered can transform a symphony from a collection of notes into a message of humanity-dd- Dimitris Mitropoulos . I keep my ideals, because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart-dd- Anne Frank . Where there’s hope, there’s life-dd- It fills us with fresh courage and makes us strong again-dd- Anne Frank . It is not enough to sit and hope-dd- You have to work in order to realize your hopes-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Each contact with a human being is so rare, so precious, one should preserve it-dd- Anais Nin . In abstract love of humanity one almost always only loves oneself-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . I did not bow down to you, I bowed down to all the suffering of humanity-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . Love humanity-qq- Start with one person-dd- Gabriel Laub . In recognizing the humanity of our fellow beings, we pay ourselves the highest tribute-dd- Thurgood Marshall . Don’t be the reason someone feels insecure-dd- Be the reason someone feels seen, heard and supported-dd- Cleo Wade . I don’t want to just love my family; I want to love all of humanity-dd- Alejandro Jodorowsky . The more I think it over, the more I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people-dd- Vincent van Gogh . Never, never be afraid to do what’s right, especially if the well-being of a person or animal is at stake-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If the only prayer you say throughout your life is “Thank You,” then that will be enough-dd- Elie Wiesel . You should never let your fears prevent you from doing what you know is right-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . To understand another human being you must gain some insight into the conditions which made him what he is-dd- Margaret Bourke-White . One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity-dd- Connect with those around you today-dd- Say, “I love you”, “I’m sorry”, “I appreciate you”, “I’m proud of you”…whatever you’re feeling-dd- Steve Maraboli . I am a humanist, which means, in part, that I have tried to behave decently without expectations of rewards or punishments after I am dead-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Your presence is the most precious gift you can give to another human being-dd- Marshall B-dd- Rosenberg . We cannot think of being acceptable to others until we have first proven acceptable to ourselves-dd- Malcolm X . My life is an indivisible whole, and all my attitudes run into one another; and they all have their rise in my insatiable love for mankind-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . I believe we are here on the planet Earth to live, grow up and do what we can to make this world a better place for all people to enjoy freedom-dd- Rosa Parks . People are just people, and all people have faults and shortcomings, but all of us are born with a basic goodness-dd- Anne Frank . Part 1-dd- Compassion hurts-dd- When you feel connected to everything, you also feel responsible for everything-dd- And you cannot turn away-dd- Andrew Boyd . Part 2-dd- Your destiny is bound with the destinies of others-dd- You must either learn to carry the Universe or be crushed by it-dd- You must grow strong enough to love the world, yet empty enough to sit down at the same table with its worst horrors-dd- Andrew Boyd . The moment we cry in a film is not when things are sad but when they turn out to be more beautiful than we expected them to be-dd- Alain de Botton . No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it to anyone else-dd- Charles Dickens . If I seem to boast more than is becoming, my excuse is that I brag for humanity rather than for myself-dd- Henry David Thoreau . We do not admire the man of timid peace-dd- We admire the man who embodies victorious effort; the man who never wrongs his neighbor, who is prompt to help a friend, but who has those virile qualities necessary to win in the stern strife of actual life-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . We cannot help but believe that the old hatreds shall someday pass; that the lines of tribe shall soon dissolve; that as the world grows smaller, our common humanity shall reveal itself-dd- Barack Obama . There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest-dd- Elie Wiesel . When a person doesn’t have gratitude, something is missing in his or her humanity-dd- A person can almost be defined by his or her attitude toward gratitude-dd- Elie Wiesel . Mankind was my business… charity, mercy, forbearance, benevolence, were all my business-dd- Charles Dickens . Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind-dd- Bertrand Russell . Hurt people hurt people-dd- That’s how pain patterns gets passed on, generation after generation-dd- Break the chain today-dd- Meet anger with sympathy, contempt with passion, cruelty with kindness-dd- Greet grimaces with smiles-dd- Forgive and forget about finding fault-dd- Love is the weapon of the future-dd- Yehuda Berg . Human greatness does not lie in wealth or power, but in character and goodness-dd- Anne Frank . So long as we live among men, let us cherish humanity-dd- Andre Gide . If you are feeling helpless, help someone-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Peace, like charity, begins at home-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . My work is about helping humanity-dd- Agnes Denes . I would like to be known as a person who is concerned about freedom and equality and justice and prosperity for all people-dd- Rosa Parks . Looking at the earth from afar you realize it is too small for conflict and just big enough for co-operation-dd- Yuri Gagarin (First human to journey into outer space) . A human being is not to be handled as a tool but is to be respected and revered-dd- Felix Adler . Peace can only last where human rights are respected, where the people are fed, and where individuals and nations are free-dd- True peace with oneself and with the world around us can only be achieved through the development of mental peace-dd- Dalai Lama . Practice kindness all day to everybody and you will realize you’re already in heaven now-dd- Jack Kerouac . You have not lived today until you have done something for someone who can never repay you-dd- John Bunyon . If civilization is to survive, we must cultivate the science of human relationships – the ability of all peoples, of all kinds, to live together, in the same world at peace-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . I swore never to be silent whenever and wherever human beings endure suffering and humiliation-dd- We must always take sides-dd- Elie Wiesel . No human race is superior; no religious faith is inferior-dd- All collective judgments are wrong-dd- Only racists make them-dd- Elie Wiesel . For in my tradition, as a Jew, I believe that whatever we receive we must share-dd- Elie Wiesel . It’s unfortunate and I really wish I wouldn’t have to say this, but I really like human beings who have suffered-dd- They’re kinder-dd- Emma Thompson . If there is to be peace in the world, there must be peace in the nations-dd- If there is to be peace in the nations, there must be peace in the cities-dd- If there is to be peace in the cities, there must be peace between neighbors-dd- If there is to be peace between neighbors, there must be peace in the home-dd- If there is to be peace in the home, there must be peace in the heart-dd- Lao Tzu . Who so lives for humanity must be content to lose himself-dd- Octavius Brooks Frothingham . Human life has meaning only to that degree and as long as it is lived in the service of humanity-dd- Wole Soyinka . Selfless service alone gives the needed strength and courage to awaken the sleeping humanity in one’s heart-dd- Sai Baba . We need more light about each other-dd- Light creates understanding, understanding creates love, love creates patience, and patience creates unity-dd- Malcolm X . To treat anyone as if they were less than human, less than a brother or a sister, no matter what they have done, is to contravene the very laws of our humanity-dd- Desmond Tutu . The belief that we some day shall be able to prevent war is to me one with the belief in the possibility of making humanity really human-dd- Ellen Key . Every kindness I received, small or big, convinced me that there could never be enough of it in the world-dd- Kindness, can change the lives of people-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . People should never think that you have to be a very special person to help those who need you-dd- Miep Gies . Humanity’s next state is rising above ourselves for the sake of our common unity-dd- Unknown . By serving humanity, I automatically serve myself-dd- Vironika Tugaleva . I shall remain a wanderer until mankind has learned the way of peace-dd- Peace Pilgrim . If there is to be any peace it will come through being, not having-dd- Henry Miller . Be kind to all creatures-dd- This is the true religion-dd- Buddha . Those who teach the most about humanity, aren’t always humans-dd- Donald L-dd- Hicks . We never know the worth of water till the well is dry-dd- Thomas Fuller . There can be no renewal of our relationship with nature without a renewal of humanity itself-dd- Pope Francis . For my part, I am not so sure at bottom that man is, as he says, the king of nature; he is far more its devastating tyrant-dd- I believe he has many things to learn from animal societies, older than his own and of infinite variety-dd- Romain Rolland . We’re animals-dd- We’re born like every other mammal and we live our whole lives around disguised animal thoughts-dd- Barbara Kingsolver . Humanity’s true moral test, its fundamental test, consists of its attitude towards those who are at its mercy: animals-dd- Milan Kundera . Man is the only trained animal who expects his reward before he does his trick-dd- Robert Brault . Man – despite his artistic pretensions, his sophistication, and his many accomplishments – owes his existence to a six inch layer of topsoil and the fact that it rains-dd- Paul Harvey . Our origins are of the earth-dd- And so there is in us a deeply seated response to the natural universe, which is part of our humanity-dd- Rachel Carson . People speak sometimes about the “bestial” cruelty of man, but that is terribly unjust and offensive to beasts, no animal could ever be so cruel as a man, so artfully, so artistically cruel-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . Men-xx- The only animal in the world to fear-dd- D-dd-H-dd- Lawrence . To my mind, the life of a lamb is no less precious than that of a human being-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Nature does not deceive us; it is we who deceive ourselves-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . If you cannot find faith in humanity, be the faith in humanity-dd- Unknown . Man is nature’s sole mistake-dd- W-dd-S-dd- Gilbert . The more humanity advances, the more it is degraded-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Humanity is the sin of God-dd- Theodore Parker . The average dog is a nicer person than the average person-dd- Andy Rooney . If you’re not careful, the newspapers will have you hating the people who are being oppressed, and loving the people who are doing the oppressing-dd- Malcolm X . Once I thought that to be human was the highest aim a man could have, but I see now that it was meant to destroy me-dd- Today I am proud to say that I am inhuman, that I belong not to men and governments, that I have nothing to do with creeds and principles-dd- I have nothing to do with the creaking machinery of humanity – I belong to the earth-xx- Henry Miller . I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know how bad I am-dd- Joseph Baretti . The chief obstacle to the progress of the human race is the human race-dd- Don Marquis . The more I love humanity in general, the less I love man in particular-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . In the depths of my heart I can’t help being convinced that my dear fellow-men, with a few exceptions, are worthless-dd- Sigmund Freud . Part 1-dd- We’re so self-important-dd- So arrogant-dd- Everybody’s going to save something now-dd- George Carlin . Part 2-dd- Save the trees, save the bees, save the whales, save the snails-dd- And the supreme arrogance-qq- Save the planet-xx- Are these people kidding-qq- Save the planet-qq- George Carlin . Part 3-dd- We don’t even know how to take care of ourselves; we haven’t learned how to care for one another-dd- We’re gonna save the fuckin’ planet-qq- George Carlin . Part 4-dd- And, by the way, there’s nothing wrong with the planet in the first place-dd- The planet is fine-dd- The people are fucked-xx- George Carlin . Part 5-dd- Compared with the people, the planet is doin’ great-dd- It’s been here over four billion years… George Carlin . Part 6-dd- The planet isn’t goin’ anywhere, folks-dd- We are-xx- We’re goin’ away-dd- Pack your shit, we’re goin’ away-dd- George Carlin . Part 7-dd- And we won’t leave much of a trace-dd- Thank God for that-dd- Nothing left-dd- Maybe a little Styrofoam-dd- The planet will be here, and we’ll be gone-dd- George Carlin . There’s degradation of the environment-dd- But the real issue is the degradation of one’s inner environment-dd- Frederick Lenz . Humanity is on the march, earth itself is left behind-dd- David Ehrenfeld . It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Mankind must put an end to war before war puts an end to mankind-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . When we oppress others, we end up oppressing ourselves-dd- Desmond Tutu . Because of indifference, one dies before one actually dies-dd- Elie Wiesel . Evil begins when you begin to treat people as things-dd- Terry Pratchett . Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . The urge to save humanity is almost always a false front for the urge to rule-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . A life directed chiefly toward the fulfillment of personal desires will sooner or later always lead to bitter disappointment-dd- Albert Einstein . We are challenged to rise above the narrow confines of our individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . The reason why the world lacks unity, and lies broken and in heaps, is, because man is disunited with himself-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . We are perverse creatures and never satisfied-dd- Nan Fairbrother . Of course, we are all egoists-dd- Egoism is so much a part of our humanity-dd- F-dd- Sionil Jose . The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as a human being-dd- His heart withers if it does not answer another heart-dd- His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Let us have but one end in view, the welfare of humanity; and let us put aside all selfishness in consideration of language, nationality, and religion-dd- John Arnos Comenius . One of the sayings in our country is Ubuntu – the essence of being human-dd- Ubuntu speaks particularly about the fact that you can’t exist as a human being in isolation-dd- It speaks about our interconnectedness-dd- You can’t be human all by yourself, and when you have this quality – Ubuntu – you are known for your generosity-dd- Desmond Tutu . We think of ourselves far too frequently as just individuals, separated from one another, whereas you are connected and what you do affects the whole World-dd- When you do well, it spreads out; it is for the whole of humanity-dd- Desmond Tutu . What can become of him if he is in such bondage to the habit of satisfying the innumerable desires he has created for himself-qq- He is isolated, and what concern has he with the rest of humanity-qq- They have succeeded in accumulating a greater mass of objects, but the joy in the world has grown less-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . I hope you will judge yourselves not on your professional accomplishments alone, but also on how well you have addressed the world’s deepest inequities… on how well you treated people a world away who have nothing in common with you but your humanity-dd- Bill Gates . Who are we as human beings if we ignore the suffering of others-qq- Unknown . Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Man uses his intelligence less in the care of his own species than he does in his care of anything else he owns or governs-dd- Abraham Meyerson . Man will do many things to get himself loved, he will do all things to get himself envied-dd- Mark Twain . You don’t have to teach people how to be human-dd- You have to teach them how to stop being inhuman-dd- Eldridge Cleaver . Man – a reasoning rather than a reasonable animal-dd- Alexander Hamilton . There are too many people, and too few human beings-dd- Robert Zend . Men are cruel, but Man is kind-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Freedom is not an end-dd- Freedom is a beginning-dd- Benazir Bhutto . Gay rights are human rights-dd- Hillary Clinton . Freedom is never really won, you earn it and win it in every generation-dd- Coretta Scott King . Kids know nothing about racism-dd- They’re taught that by adults-dd- Ruby Bridges . We will never have true civilization until we have learned to recognize the rights of others-dd- Will Rogers . To deny people their human rights is to challenge their very humanity-dd- Nelson Mandela . There is just so much hurt, disappointment, and oppression one can take… The line between reason and madness grows thinner-dd- Rosa Parks . As far back as I can remember, I knew there was something wrong with our way of life when people could be mistreated because of the color of their skin-dd- Rosa Parks . I was a person with dignity and self-respect, and I should not set my sights lower than anybody else just because I was black-dd- Rosa Parks . All religions, arts, and sciences are branches of the same tree-dd- All these aspirations are directed toward ennobling man’s life, lifting it from the sphere of mere physical existence and leading the individual toward freedom-dd- Albert Einstein . A feminist is anyone who recognizes the equality and full humanity of women and men-dd- Gloria Steinem . I embrace the label of bad feminist because I am human-dd- I am messy-dd- I’m not trying to be an example-dd- I am not trying to be perfect-dd- I am not trying to say I have all the answers-dd- I am not trying to say I’m right-dd- I am just trying—trying to support what I believe in, trying to do some good in this world, trying to make some noise with my writing while also being myself-dd- Roxane Gay . The more people know about their rights, and the rights of others in society, the better equipped they are to protect them-dd- Salil Shetty . Though we are all human beings, we have built walls between ourselves and our neighbors through nationalism, through race, caste, and class – which again breeds isolation, loneliness-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Where do universal human rights begin-qq- In small places, close to home – so close and so small that they cannot be seen on any maps of the world-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Oppression involves a failure of the imagination: the failure to imagine the full humanity of other human beings-dd- Margaret Atwood . I would like to be remembered as a person who wanted to be free… so other people would be also free-dd- Rosa Parks . I don’t want to be thought of as “the girl who was shot by the Taliban”, but “the girl who fought for education”-dd- This is the cause to which I want to devote my life-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Part 1-dd- I look forward confidently to the day when all who work for a living will be one with no thought to their separateness as Negroes, Jews, Italians or any other distinctions-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Part 2-dd- This will be the day when we bring into full realization the American dream – a dream yet unfulfilled-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Part 3-dd- A dream of equality of opportunity, of privilege and property widely distributed; a dream of a land where men will not take necessities from the many to give luxuries to the few-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Part 4-dd- A dream of a land where men will not argue that the color of a man’s skin determines the content of his character-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Part 5-dd- A dream of a nation where all our gifts and resources are held not for ourselves alone, but as instruments of service for the rest of humanity-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Part 6-dd- The dream of a country where every man will respect the dignity and worth of the human personality-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . I only ask to be free-dd- The butterflies are free-dd- Charles Dickens . I am not interested in picking up crumbs of compassion thrown from the table of someone who considers himself my master-dd- I want the full menu of rights-dd- Desmond Tutu . Differences are not intended to separate, to alienate-dd- We are different precisely in order to realize our need of one another-dd- Desmond Tutu . Men are held in great esteem in all parts of the world, so why shouldn’t women have their share-qq- Anne Frank . People can tell you to keep your mouth shut, but it doesn’t stop you from having your own opinion-dd- Anne Frank . Freedom is never granted-dd- It is earned by each generation… in the face of tyranny, cruelty, oppression, extremism, sometimes there is only one choice-dd- When the world looks to America, America looks to you, and you never let her down-dd- Hillary Clinton . So here I stand-dd- So here I stand, one girl, among many-dd- I speak not for myself, but so those without a voice can be heard-dd- Those who have fought for their rights-dd- Their right to live in peace-dd- Their right to be treated with dignity-dd- Their right to equality of opportunity-dd- Their right to be educated-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Be nice to the whites, they need you to rediscover their humanity-dd- Desmond Tutu . If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor-dd- Desmond Tutu . The only real prison is fear, and the only real freedom is freedom from fear-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . History is a record of the incessant struggle of humanity against ignorance and oppression-dd- Helen Keller . All of humanity is searching for truth, justice, and beauty-dd- Miguel Angel Ruiz . Art is not an end in itself, but a means of addressing humanity-dd- Modest Petrovich Mussorgsky . My painting carries with it the message of pain-dd- Frida Kahlo . I hope I shall be able to make some drawings in which there is something human-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . The very existence of libraries affords the best evidence that we may yet have hope for the future of man-dd- T-dd-S-dd- Eliot . Whatever helps to shape the human being – to make the individual what he is, or hinder him from being what he is not – is part of his education-dd- John Stuart Mill . Until we invent telepathy, books are our best choice for understanding the rest of humanity-dd- Christopher Paolini . The fundamental rights of [humanity] are, first: the right of habitation; second, the right to move freely; third, the right to the soil and subsoil, and to the use of it; fourth, the right of freedom of labor and of exchange; fifth, the right to justice; sixth, the right to live within a natural national organization; and seventh, the right to education-dd- Albert Schweitzer . When you’re socially awkward, you’re isolated more than usual, and when you’re isolated more than usual, your creativity is less compromised by what has already been said and done-dd- All your hope in life starts to depend on your craft, so you try to perfect it-dd- One reason I stay isolated more than the average person is to keep my creativity as fierce as possible-dd- Being the odd one out may have its temporary disadvantages, but more importantly, it has its permanent advantages-dd- Criss Jami . To the real artist in humanity, what are called bad manners are often the most picturesque and significant of all-dd- Walt Whitman . Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas-dd- Marie Curie . Out of the crooked timber of humanity, no straight thing was ever made-dd- Immanuel Kant . Every time an artist dies, part of the vision of mankind passes with him-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Passion is universal humanity-dd- Without it religion, history, romance and art would be useless-dd- Honore de Balzac . Everybody is talented because everybody who is human has something to express-dd- Brenda Ueland . Man’s goodness is a flame that can be hidden but never extinguished-dd- Nelson Mandela . The human race is governed by its imagination-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . The fact that everybody in the world dreams every night ties all mankind together-dd- Jack Kerouac . Humanity can live without science, it can live without bread, but it cannot live without beauty-dd- Without beauty, there would be nothing left to do in this life-dd- Here the secret lies-dd- Here lies the entire story-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . I have no mercy or compassion in me for a society that will crush people, and then penalize them for not being able to stand up under the weight-dd- Malcolm X . We are not only all responsible for each other’s security-dd- We are also, in some measure, responsible for each other’s welfare-dd- Kofi Annan . Man is now only more active – not more happy – nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . One of the signs of passing youth is the birth of a sense of fellowship with other human beings as we take our place among them-dd- Virginia Woolf . I hope that people will finally come to realize that there is only one ‘race’ – the human race – and that we are all members of it-dd- Margaret Atwood . We are all connected-dd- When one arm or foot is poisoned, the whole body becomes infected-dd- Suzy Kassem . Every human being is a problem in search of a solution-dd- Ashley Montagu . The human mind is not a terribly logical or consistent place-dd- Jim Butcher . All the world’s a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed-dd- Seán O’Casey . Man, as a physical being, is like other bodies governed by invariable laws-dd- Baron de Montesquieu . It has been said that man is a rational animal-dd- All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this-dd- Bertrand Russell . I sometimes think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability-dd- Oscar Wilde . Part 1-dd- The human race may be compared to a writer-dd- At the outset a writer has often only a vague general notion of the plan of his work, and of the thought he intends to elaborate-dd- Felix Adler . Part 2-dd- As he proceeds, penetrating his material, laboring to express himself fitly, he lays a firmer grasp on his thought; he finds himself-dd- Felix Adler . Part 3-dd- So the human race is writing its story, finding itself, discovering its own underlying purpose, revising, recasting a tale pathetic often, yet none the less sublime-dd- Felix Adler . Doesn’t make any difference who we are or what we are, there’s always somebody to look down on-dd- Mark Twain . The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Human kind cannot bear much reality-dd- T-dd- S-dd- Eliot . Man is an embodied paradox, a bundle of contradictions-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . For those who have seen the Earth from space, and for the hundreds and perhaps thousands more who will, the experience most certainly changes your perspective-dd- The things that we share in our world are far more valuable than those which divide us-dd- Donald Williams . Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel-dd- Augustus Hare . All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move-dd- Benjamin Franklin . I care about the human race, and I strive to understand it-dd- Janice Tanton . Humanitarian convictions are the linchpins of our salvation-dd- Eric Maisel . The human spirit must prevail over technology-dd- Albert Einstein . It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity-dd- Unknown (falsy attributed to Albert Einstein, check here for more info) . Science is a beautiful gift to humanity; we should not distort it-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . Technology changes all the time; human nature, hardly ever-dd- Evgeny Morozov . If humanity doesn’t land on Mars in my lifetime, I would be very disappointed-dd- Elon Musk . A machine disregards human feelings… Machines make our life impersonal, stunt certain qualities in us, and create an impersonal environment-dd- Albert Einstein . Technology, like art, is a soaring exercise of the human imagination-dd- Daniel Bell . We already have – thanks to technology, development, skills, the efficiency of our work – enough resources to satisfy all human needs-dd- But we don’t have enough resources, and we are unlikely ever to have, to satisfy human greed-dd- Zygmunt Bauman . We must rapidly begin the shift from a ‘thing-oriented’ society to a ‘person-oriented’ society-dd- When machines and computers, profit motives and property rights are considered more important than people, the giant triplets of racism, materialism, and militarism are incapable of being conquered-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Think of it-dd- We are blessed with technology that would be indescribable to our forefathers-dd- We have the wherewithal, the know-it-all to feed everybody, clothe everybody, and give every human on Earth a chance-dd- We know now what we could never have known before – that we now have the option for all humanity to make it successfully on this planet in this lifetime-dd- Whether it is to be Utopia or Oblivion will be a touch-and-go relay race right up to the final moment-dd- R-dd- Buckminster Fuller . We’re all islands shouting lies to each other across seas of misunderstanding-dd- Rudyard Kipling . Whenever a new technology is introduced into society, there must be a counterbalancing human response – that is, high touch – or the technology is rejected… We must learn to balance the material wonders of technology with the spiritual demands of our human nature-dd- John Naisbitt . Soon silence will have passed into legend-dd- Man has turned his back on silence-dd- Day after day he invents machines and devices that increase noise and distract humanity from the essence of life, contemplation, meditation-dd- Jean Arp . It is questionable if all the mechanical inventions yet made have lightened the day’s toil of any human being-dd- John Stuart Mill . Our technology, our machines, is part of our humanity-dd- We created them to extend ourselves, and that is what is unique about human beings-dd- Ray Kurzweil . The human condition today is better than it’s ever been, and technology is one of the reasons for that-dd- Tom Clancy . Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons-dd- R-dd- Buckminster Fuller . Stone Age-dd- Bronze Age-dd- Iron Age-dd- We define entire epics of humanity by the technology they use-dd- Reed Hastings (Netflix) . Ultimately, it comes down to taste-dd- It comes down to trying to expose yourself to the best things that humans have done and then try to bring those things into what you’re doing-dd- Steve Jobs (Apple) . Humanity’s greatest advances are not in its discoveries but in how those discoveries are applied to reduce inequity-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . The great myth of our times is that technology is communication-dd- Libby Larsen . Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master-dd- Christian Lous Lange . Technology and industry have distanced people from nature and magic and human values-dd- Laura Esquivel . While technology is important, it’s what we do with it that truly matters-dd- Muhammad Yunus . Technology made large populations possible; large populations now make technology indispensable-dd- Joseph Krutch . Every aspect of human technology has a dark side, including the bow and arrow-dd- Margaret Atwood . The great paradox of the 21st century is that, in this age of powerful technology, the biggest problems we face internationally are problems of the human soul-dd- Ralph Peters . The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do-dd- B-dd- F-dd- Skinner . I have an idealistic view of science as a liberalising and progressive force for humanity-dd- Paul Nurse . Science is but a perversion of itself unless it has as its ultimate goal the betterment of humanity-dd- Nikola Tesla . With the world’s human population now at seven billion and growing, and the demand for technology and modern conveniences increasing, we can’t control all our negative impacts-dd- But we have to find better ways to live within the limits nature and its cycles impose-dd- David Suzuki . We will surely get to our destination if we join hands-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Without forgiveness, there’s no future-dd- Desmond Tutu . Do you want to change the world-qq- Then change yourself first-dd- Sri Chinmoy . We shall require a substantially new manner of thinking if mankind is to survive-dd- Albert Einstein . My top priority is for people to understand that they have the power to change things themselves-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Many people are choosing to live a minimalist life out of concern for the environment-dd- Joshua Becker . I believe the lasting revolution comes from deep changes in ourselves which influence our collective life-dd- Anais Nin . Let us pick up our books and our pens, they are the most powerful weapons-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Education is education-dd- We should learn everything and then choose which path to follow-dd- Education is neither Eastern nor Western, it is human-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Racism is still with us-dd- But it is up to us to prepare our children for what they have to meet, and, hopefully, we shall overcome-dd- Rosa Parks . How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world-dd- Anne Frank . Man’s abiding happiness is not in getting anything but in giving himself up to what is greater than himself, to ideas which are larger than his individual life, the idea of his country, of humanity, of God-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Creating abundance is not about creating a life of luxury for everybody on this planet; it’s about creating a life of possibility-dd- Peter Diamandis . One should never direct people towards happiness, because happiness too is an idol of the market-place-dd- One should direct them towards mutual affection-dd- A beast gnawing at its prey can be happy too, but only human beings can feel affection for each other, and this is the highest achievement they can aspire to-dd- Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn . Imagine connecting with the human spirit in each person in any situation at any time-dd- Imagine interacting with others in a way that allows everyone’s need to be equally valued-dd- Imagine creating organizations and life-serving systems responsive to our needs and the needs of our environment-dd- Marshall Rosenberg . You cannot save people-dd- You can only love them-dd- Anais Nin . The UN wasn’t created to take mankind into paradise, but rather, to save humanity from hell-dd- Dag Hammarskjold . The day hunger disappears, the world will see the greatest spiritual explosion humanity has ever seen-dd- Federico Garcia Lorca . Certain periods in history suddenly lift humanity to an observation point where a clear light falls upon a world previously dark-dd- Anne Sullivan . Individual commitment to a group effort – that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work-dd- Vince Lombardi . I refuse to be in this world by myself-dd- I want an open commitment from the rest of the people-dd- Robert Rauschenberg . In this world the one thing supremely worth having is the opportunity to do well and worthily a piece of work of vital consequence to the welfare of mankind-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . There is nothing more practical than the preservation of beauty, than the preservation of anything that appeals to the higher emotions of mankind-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Humanitarianism consists in never sacrificing a human being to a purpose-dd- Albert Schweitzer . On personal integrity hangs humanity’s fate-dd- R-dd- Buckminster Fuller . Climate change does not respect border; it does not respect who you are – rich and poor, small and big-dd- Therefore, this is what we call global challenges, which require global solidarity-dd- Ban Ki-moon . I will never apologize for saying that the future of humanity and the future of the world is going to be defined by what we have in common as opposed to those things that separate us and ultimately lead us into conflict-dd- Barack Obama . There are still many causes worth sacrificing for, so much history yet to be made-dd- Michelle Obama . More than ever before in human history, we share a common destiny-dd- We can master it only if we face it together-dd- Kofi Annan . We need to create a world that is equitable, that is stable and a world where we bear in mind the needs of others, and not only what we need immediately-dd- We are all in the same boat-dd- Kofi Annan . I believe we have a responsibility not only to our contemporaries but also to future generations — a responsibility to preserve resources that belong to them as well as to us, and without which none of us can survive-dd- Kofi Annan . We are at the very beginning of time for the human race-dd- It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems-dd- But there are tens of thousands of years in the future-dd- Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on-dd- Richard P-dd- Feynman . Man is an ape with possibilities-dd- Roy Chapman Andrews . Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it’s the only thing that ever has-dd- Margaret Mead . Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world usually do-dd- Steve Jobs . If everyone howled at every injustice, every act of barbarism, every act of unkindness, then we would be taking the first step towards a real humanity-dd- Nelson DeMille . Go on bravely-dd- Do not expect success in a day or a year-dd- Always hold on to the highest-dd- Be steady-dd- Avoid jealousy and selfishness-dd- Be obedient and eternally faithful to the cause of truth, humanity, and your country, and you will move the world-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Saving our planet requires you to be ambitious in what you aim, and, equally, in how hard you work to reach your goal-dd- Ban Ki-moon . The salvation of mankind lies only in making everything the concern of all-dd- Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn . The problems of all of humanity can only be solved by all of humanity-dd- Friedrich Durrenmatt . The awakening of consciousness is the next evolutionary step for mankind-dd- Eckhart Tolle . The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion-dd- Paulo Coelho . Let us fight for a new world, a decent world-xx- Charlie Chaplin . How far that little candle throws his beams-xx- So shines a good deed in a weary world-dd- William Shakespeare . I was never less alone than when by myself-dd- Edward Gibbon . Silence is a source of great strength-dd- Lao Tzu . Everyone shines, given the right lighting-dd- Susan Cain (Website, Twitter) . The day I began to live is the day I discovered being an introvert was awesome-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I love to be alone-dd- I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Loneliness is the poverty of self; solitude is the richness of self-dd- Mary Sarton . Nothing can dim the light that shines from within-dd- Maya Angelou . I wish, as well as everybody else, to be perfectly happy; but like everybody else, it must be in my own way-dd- Jane Austen . The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude-dd- Aldous Huxley . Be a loner-dd- That gives you time to wonder, to search for the truth-dd- Have holy curiosity-dd- Make your life worth living-dd- Albert Einstein . Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something-dd- Plato . I am a minimalist-dd- I like saying the most with the least-dd- Bob Newhart . Silence is not empty-dd- It’s full of answers-dd- Unknown . Introverts are word economists in a society suffering from verbal diarrhea-dd- Michaela Chung . Don’t think of introversion as something that needs to be cured… Spend your free time the way you like, not the way you think you’re supposed to-dd- Susan Cain . One can be instructed in society, one is inspired only in solitude-dd- Gary Mark Gilmore . Telling an introvert to go to a party is like telling a saint to go to Hell-dd- Criss Jami . Alone had always felt like an actual place to me, as if it weren’t a state of being, but rather a room where I could retreat to be who I really was-dd- Cheryl Strayed . An inability to stay quiet is one of the conspicuous failings of mankind-dd- Walter Bagehot . People empty me-dd- I have to get away to refill-dd- Charles Bukowski . People inspire you, or they drain you – pick them wisely-dd- Hans F-dd- Hansen . A happy life must be to a great extent a quiet life, for it is only in an atmosphere of quiet that true joy dare live-dd- Bertrand Russell . When I was young, all I wanted and expected from life was to sit quietly in some corner doing my work without the public paying attention to me-dd- And now see what has become of me-dd- Albert Einstein . Introverts are collectors of thoughts, and solitude is where the collection is curated and rearranged to make sense of the present and future-dd- Laurie Helgoe (Website, Twitter) . Never assume quiet is weak and loud is strong-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . The most introspective of souls are often those that have been hurt the most-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Silence is only frightening to people who are compulsively verbalizing-dd- William S-dd- Boroughs . Silence is beautiful, not awkward-dd- The human tendency to be afraid of something beautiful is awkward-dd- Elliot Kay . Live your life the way you want, not the way society tells you-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Solitude matters-dd- And for some people it is the air that they breathe-dd- Susan Cain . It’s never a good idea to organize society in a way that depletes the energy of half the population-dd- We discovered this with women decades ago, and now it’s time to realize it with introverts-dd- Susan Cain . The secret to life is to put yourself in the right lighting-dd- For some it’s a Broadway spotlight, for others, a lamplit desk-dd- Susan Cain . Our culture made a virtue of living only as extroverts-dd- We discouraged the inner journey, the quest for a center-dd- So we lost our center and have to find it again-dd- Anais Nin . Extroverts sparkle, introverts glow-dd- Extroverts are fireworks, introverts are a fire in the hearth-dd- Sophia Dembling . Introverts live in two worlds: We visit the world of people, but solitude and the inner world will always be our home-dd- Jenn Granneman (The Secret Lives of Introverts: Inside Our Hidden World) . You see things-dd- You keep quiet about them-dd- And you understand-dd- Stephen Chbosky . What a lovely surprise to discover how unlonely being alone can be-dd- Ellen Burstyn (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Be nice to nerds-dd- Chances are you’ll end up working for one-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . Without great solitude no serious work is possible-dd- Pablo Picasso . The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind-dd- Albert Einstein . Why is it that nobody understands me, yet everybody likes me-qq- Albert Einstein . It is a strange thing to be so widely known, and yet to be so lonely-dd- Albert Einstein . I restore myself when I’m alone-dd- Marilyn Monroe . We need fantasy to survive because reality is too difficult-dd- Lady Gaga . I don’t want to be alone-dd- I want to be left alone-dd- Audrey Hepburn . I would rather sit on a pumpkin and have it all to myself, than be crowded on a velvet cushion-dd- Henry David Thoreau . We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers-dd- Henry David Thoreau . You’ve gotta keep control of your time, and you can’t unless you say no-dd- You can’t let people set your agenda in life-dd- Warren Buffett . Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart-dd- Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . I’m an introvert… I love being by myself, love being outdoors, love taking a long walk with my dogs and looking at the trees, flowers, the sky-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Quiet people have the loudest minds-dd- Stephen Hawking . Nowhere can man find a quieter or more untroubled retreat than in his own soul-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt-dd- Abraham Lincoln . To thine own self be true-dd- William Shakespeare . Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The more you talk, the less people listen-dd- Meg White . Take time to be quiet-dd- Zig Ziglar . Listen more than you talk-dd- Be awesome-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Shhh-dd- Unknown . If you can’t be kind, be quiet-dd- Unknown . I came, I saw, I left early-dd- Unknown . Kindly remove yourself from my personal space-dd- Thanks-dd- Gemma Correll . Think and wonder, wonder and think-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . I kinda live where I find myself-dd- Bob Dylan . The limited circle is pure-dd- Franz Kafka . I think a lot, but I don’t say much-dd- Anne Frank . Never be afraid to sit awhile and think-dd- Lorraine Hansberry . Loneliness is failed solitude-dd- Sherry Turkle . Solitude has its own very strange beauty to it-dd- Liv Tyler . I owe everything that I have done to the fact that I am very much at ease being alone-dd- Marilynne Robinson . Be strong, be who you are and fight for your identity, fight for who you really are-dd- Unknown . The one who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd-dd- Those who walk alone are likely to find themselves in places no one has ever been before-dd- Francis Phillip Wernig . Introverts need to trust their gut and share their ideas as powerfully as they can-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts, the world needs you and it needs the things you carry-dd- So I wish you the best of all possible journeys and the courage to speak softly-dd- Susan Cain . Our culture is biased against quiet and reserved people, but introverts are responsible for some of humanity’s greatest achievements-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts are offered keys to private gardens full of riches (YouTube video)-dd- To possess such a key is to tumble like Alice down her rabbit hole-dd- She didn’t choose to go to Wonderland – but she made of it an adventure that was fresh and fantastic and very much her own-dd- Susan Cain . Isn’t it refreshing to know that what comes perfectly natural for you is your greatest strength-qq- Your power is in your nature-dd- You may not think it’s a big deal that you can spend hours immersed in something that interests you — alone — but the extrovert next door has no idea how you do it-dd- Laurie Helgoe . Being weird, independent and loving solitude are not limitations-dd- They are my superpowers-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Your solitude will be a support and a home for you, even in the midst of very unfamiliar circumstances, and from it you will find all your paths-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . When you’re an introvert like me and you’ve been lonely for a while, and then you find someone who understands you, you become really attached to them-dd- It’s a real release-dd- Lana Del Rey . Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway-dd- You’ll be damned if you do, and damned if you don’t-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Yes, I guess you could say I am a loner, but I feel more lonely in a crowded room with boring people that I feel on my own-dd- Henry Rollins . When I am alone I can become invisible-dd- I can sit on the top of a dune as motionless as an uprise of weeds, until the foxes run by unconcerned-dd- I can hear the almost unhearable sound of the roses singing-dd- Mary Oliver . You do not need to leave your room-dd- Remain sitting at your table and listen-dd- Do not even listen, simply wait, be quiet, still and solitary-dd- The world will freely offer itself to you to be unmasked, it has no choice, it will roll in ecstasy at your feet-dd- Franz Kafka . Lighthouses don’t go running all over an island looking for boats to save; they just stand there shining-dd- Anne Lamott . You must never be fearful about what you are doing when it is right-dd- Rosa Parks . A little hibernation is good for the mind-dd- Michaela Chung (Website, Twitter) . Since when is solitude one of the Seven Deadly Sins-qq- Susan Cain . Introvert conversations are like jazz-dd- Each player gets to solo for a nice stretch before the other player comes in and does his solo-dd- Laurie Helgoe . In terms of like, instant relief, canceling plans is like heroin-dd- John Mulaney . Whew, that was close-dd- I almost had to socialize-dd- Unknown . Please kindly go away – I’m introverting-dd- Unknown . A bore is someone who deprives you of solitude without providing you with company-dd- Oscar Wilde . Never fail to know that if you are doing all the talking you are boring somebody-dd- Helen Gurley Brown . A wise man once said nothing-dd- Proverb . The happiest of all lives is a busy solitude-dd- Voltaire . If I didn’t think, I’d be much happier-dd- Sylvia Plath . You define beauty for yourself, society doesn’t define your beauty-dd- Lady Gaga . So, if you are too tired to speak, sit next to me, because I, too, am fluent in silence-dd- R-dd- Arnold . Hell is other people-dd- Jean-Paul Sartre (Whew, that’s a hard one) . I don’t hate people, I just feel better when they aren’t around-dd- Charles Bukowski (Another hard one) . As a child I suppose I was not quite normal-dd- My happiest times were when I was left alone in the house on a Saturday-dd- Charles Bukowski . Everybody has a secret world inside of them-dd- I mean everybody-dd- All of the people in the whole world, I mean everybody — no matter how dull and boring they are on the outside-dd- Inside them they’ve all got unimaginable, magnificent, wonderful, stupid, amazing worlds… Not just one world-dd- Hundreds of them-dd- Thousands, maybe-dd- Neil Gaiman . I am alone in the world, and yet not alone enough to make every hour holy-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . I owe my solitude to other people-dd- Alan Watts . Much of the answers already exist internally but the world is seeking them externally-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you are afraid of being lonely, don’t try to be right-dd- Jules Renard . Part 1-dd- Now that you’re an adult, you might still feel a pang of guilt when you decline a dinner invitation in favor of a good book-dd- . Part 2-dd- Or maybe you like to eat alone in restaurants and could do without the pitying looks from fellow diners-dd- . Part 3-dd- Or you’re told that you’re “in your head too much”, a phrase that’s often deployed against the quiet and cerebral-dd- . Part 4-dd- Or maybe there’s another word for such people: thinkers-dd- Susan Cain . The greatest art is to sit, wait and let it come-dd- Yogi Bhajan . If you meet a loner, no matter what they tell you, it’s not because they enjoy solitude-dd- It’s because they have tried to blend into the world before, and people continue to disappoint them-dd- Jodi Picoult . Understand that half the game is keeping quiet, and carefully watching those around you-dd- Robert Greene . The loner who looks fabulous is one of the most vulnerable loners of all-dd- Anneli Rufus . In order to understand the world, one has to turn away from it on occasion-dd- Albert Camus . He who knows does not speak-dd- He who speaks does not know-dd- Lao Tzu . I prefer tongue-tied knowledge to ignorant loquacity-dd- Margaret Donnano . As an introvert, you crave intimate moments and deep connections – and those usually aren’t found in a crowd-dd- Jenn Granneman (The Secret Lives Of Introverts) . All sorrow has its root in man’s inability to sit quiet in a room by himself-dd- Blaise Pascal . Learn to value direction over speed, quality over quantity, truth over lies and you’ll find your path-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Confident introverts don’t avoid social situations-dd- They just make wise choices-dd- Unknown . Wise men, when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet, give themselves the benefit of the doubt, and remain silent-dd- Napoleon Hill . We have two ears and one mouth and we should use them proportionally-dd- Susan Cain . Some animals naturally carry shelter wherever they go, and some humans are just the same-dd- Susan Cain . If you don’t know me, don’t judge me-dd- Tupac Shakur . Beware of those who seek constant crowds; they are nothing alone-dd- Charles Bukowski . Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom-dd- Aristotle . Be you-dd- The world will adjust-dd- Unknown . I’m not anti-social-dd- I’m pro-solitude-dd- Unknown . Being silent is fine-dd- Accept that and shine your own way-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I have an introvert hangover-dd- I’m totally exhausted, from too much human interaction-dd- Unknown . If you’re an introvert, you know the relief when plans are cancelled-dd- Unknown . I want someone I can share my entire life with who will leave me alone most of the time-dd- Unknown . Being quiet is fine, most people don’t listen anyways-dd- Unknown . I’m a very simple person who hides thousands of feelings behind a smile-dd- Unknown . I do not mean I have nothing planned-dd- I mean that I plan to do nothing-dd- Unknown . I am not boring or shy-dd- I am an introvert, an artist, a lover, a dreamer, a fighter, a seeker-dd- Unknown . Sometimes those who don’t socialize much aren’t actually antisocial, they just have no tolerance for drama and fake people-dd- Unknown . When you ask me what I am doing today, and I say “nothing”, it does not mean I am free-dd- It means I am doing nothing-dd- Unknown . And all of a sudden I felt really tired-dd- Like the world had drained me for everything that I had-dd- Unknown . The only thing I bring to social gathering is excuses to leave early-dd- Unknown . I like cancelled plans-dd- And empty bookstores-dd- I like rainy days and thunderstorms-dd- And quiet coffee shops-dd- I like messy beds and over-worn pajamas-dd- Most of all, I like the small joys that a simple life brings-dd- Unknown . Just because I’m not talking doesn’t mean I’m in a bad mood-dd- Unknown . The mind of an introvert is truly complex-dd- We want solitude yet the feeling of loneliness cripples-dd- Unknown . Do you ever go out, and while you’re out, you think, “this is exactly why I don,t go out”-qq- Unknown . Remember: it’s okay to be happy with a calm life-dd- Unknown . Having a soft heart in a cruel world is courage not weakness-dd- Unknown . Silence calms my soul-dd- Unknown . You cannot be lonely if you like the person you’re alone with-dd- Wayne Dyer . Solitude is fine but you need someone to tell that solitude is fine-dd- Honoré de Balzac . For introverts, to be alone with our thoughts is as restorative as sleeping, as nourishing as eating-dd- Jonathan Rauch . Alone you’ll thrive-dd- Alone you’ll feel alive-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Loneliness adds beauty to life-dd- It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better-dd- Henry Rollins . Our language has wisely sensed the two sides of being alone-dd- It has created the word “loneliness” to express the pain of being alone-dd- And it has created the word “solitude” to express the glory of being alone-dd- Paul Tillich . Blessed are those who do not fear solitude, who are not afraid of their own company, who are not always desperately looking for something to do, something to amuse themselves with, something to judge-dd- Paulo Coelho . You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Inside myself is a place where I live all alone, and that’s where I renew my springs that never dry up-dd- Pearl Buck . An introvert’s desire for solitude is more than just a preference-dd- It is crucial to our health and happiness-dd- Michaela Chung (The Irresistible Introvert) . As long as we have our books, our imagination, and a wide slice of solitude, we’re content-dd- Michaela Chung . Stay home on New Year’s Eve if that’s what makes you happy-dd- Susan Cain . Solitude is the great teacher, and to learn its lessons you must pay attention to it-dd- Deepak Chopra . I’m learning a lot about myself being alone, and doing what I’m doing-dd- Chantal Kreviazuk . I have to be alone very often-dd- I’d be quite happy if I spent from Saturday night until Monday morning alone in my apartment-dd- That’s how I refuel-dd- Audrey Hepburn . There is a tremendous difference between alone and lonely-dd- You could be lonely in a group of people-dd- I like being alone-dd- I like eating by myself-dd- I go home at night and just watch a movie or hang out with my dog-dd- I have to exert myself and really say, oh God, I’ve got to see my friends because I’m too content by myself-dd- Drew Barrymore . People are always so boring when they band together-dd- You have to be alone to develop all the idiosyncrasies that make a person interesting-dd- Andy Warhol . What a commentary on our civilization, when being alone is considered suspect; when one has to apologize for it, make excuses, hide the fact that one practices it like a secret vice-xx- Anne Morrow Lindbergh . By all means use sometimes to be alone-dd- Salute thyself; see what thy soul doth wear-dd- George Herbert . Maybe this is who I really am-dd- Not a loner, exactly-dd- But someone who can be alone-dd- Gary Shteyngart . Be quiet, so that life may speak-dd- Leo Babauta . I was quiet but I was not blind-dd- Jane Austen . Your mind just needs a diet of calm and quiet-dd- Maxime Lagacé . There is real comfort in being quiet-dd- Justina Chen . We’ve known about the transcendent power of solitude for centuries; it’s only recently that we’ve forgotten it-dd- Susan Cain . When an introvert is quiet, don’t assume he is depressed, snobbish or socially deficient-dd- Laurie Helgoe . For quiet, sensitive souls, solitude is the golden thread that unites us with our inner world… We need quiet to connect the dots in our constellations of thoughts-dd- Michaela Chung . How much better is silence; the coffee cup, the table-dd- How much better to sit by myself like the solitary sea-bird that opens its wings on the stake-dd- Let me sit here forever with bare things, this coffee cup, this knife, this fork, things in themselves, myself being myself-dd- Virginia Wolf . All sorrow has its root in man’s inability to sit quiet in a room by himself-dd- Blaise Pascal . You only know part of me-dd- I am a universe full of secrets-dd- Lupytha Hermin . It is indeed a radical act of love just to sit down and be quiet for a time by yourself-dd- Jon Kabat Zinn . If you don’t understand my silence, how will you understand my words-qq- Unknown . Talk much and they think you’re a fool-dd- Be silent and they become curious-dd- Unknown . Just because I am not talking doesn’t mean I’m in a bad mood-dd- Sometimes, I just like being quiet-dd- Unknown . Quiet the mind and the soul will speak-dd- Ma Java Sati Bhagavati . You are surprised, aren’t you, at the contrast between my fame throughout the world… and the isolation and quiet in which I live here-dd- I wished for this isolation all my life, and now I have finally achieved it here in Princeton-dd- Albert Einstein . Sometimes quiet people really do have a lot to say – they’re just being careful about who they open up to-dd- Susan Gale . Sometimes I just shut down and don’t talk to anyone for days-dd- It’s nothing personal-dd- Sonya Teclai . We can’t underestimate the value of silence-dd- We need to create ourselves, need to spend time alone-dd- If you don’t, you risk not knowing yourself and not realizing your dreams-dd- Jewel . Silence: my response to both emptiness and saturation-dd- But silence frightens people-dd- I had to learn how to talk-dd- Out of politeness-dd- Ariel Gore . I’ll be honest with you, I’m a little bit of a loner-dd- It’s been a big part of my maturing process to learn to allow people to support me-dd- I tend to be very self-reliant and private-dd- And I have this history of wanting to work things out on my own and protect people from what’s going on with me-dd- Kerry Washington . I am rarely bored alone-dd- I am often bored in groups and crowds-dd- Laurie Helgoe . You may think I’m small, but I have a universe inside my mind-dd- Yoko Ono . My imagination functions much better when I don’t have to speak to people-dd- Patricia Highsmith . Introverts process information internally, and we don’t like to express our thoughts until they are fully formed-dd- Laurie Helgoe . What we share as introverts is the love of ideas and the desire to explore them with minimal interruption-dd- We want and need input, but we’d rather get it through reading, research, and rich conversation than through unfiltered talk-dd- Laurie A-dd- Helgoe . If personal space is vital to creativity, so is freedom from “peer pressure”-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts often work more slowly and deliberately-dd- They like to focus on one task at a time and can have mighty powers of concentration-dd- They’re relatively immune to the lures of wealth and fame-dd- Susan Cain . Stay true to your own nature-dd- If you like to do things in a slow and steady way, don’t let others make you feel as if you have to race-dd- If you enjoy depth, don’t force yourself to seek breadth-dd- Susan Cain . I really had a lot of dreams when I was a kid, and I think a great deal of that grew out of the fact that I had a chance to read a lot-dd- Bill Gates . Closed in a room, my imagination becomes the universe, and the rest of the world is missing out-dd- Criss Jami . To create something new, you need a vision-dd- To have a vision, you need to think-dd- To think, you need solitude-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Part 1-dd- When you’re socially awkward, you’re isolated more than usual, and when you’re isolated more than usual, your creativity is less compromised by what has already been said and done-dd- All your hope in life starts to depend on your craft, so you try to perfect it-dd- Criss Jami . Part 2-dd- One reason I stay isolated more than the average person is to keep my creativity as fierce as possible-dd- Being the odd one out may have its temporary disadvantages, but more importantly, it has its permanent advantages-dd- Criss Jami . I don’t believe anything really revolutionary has ever been invented by committee… I’m going to give you some advice that might be hard to take-dd- That advice is: Work alone… Not on a committee-dd- Not on a team-dd- Steve Wozniak (Apple) . In order to be open to creativity, one must have the capacity for constructive use of solitude-dd- One must overcome the fear of being alone-dd- Rollo May . Originality thrives in seclusion free of outside influences beating upon us to cripple the creative mind-dd- Be alone — that is the secret of invention: be alone, that is when ideas are born-dd- Nikola Tesla . Use your natural powers – of persistence, concentration, and insight – to do work you love and work that matters-dd- Solve problems-dd- make art, think deeply-dd- Susan Cain . Being relatively unmoved by rewards gives you the incalculable power to go your own way-dd- It’s up to you to use that independence to good effect-dd- Susan Cain . Your biggest challenge may be to fully harness your strengths-dd- You may be so busy trying to appear like a zestful, reward-sensitive extrovert that you undervalue your own talents, or feel underestimated by those around you-dd- But when you’re focused on a project that you care about, you probably find that your energy is boundless-dd- Susan Cain . Figure out what you are meant to contribute to the world and make sure you contribute it-dd- If this requires public speaking or networking or other activities that make you uncomfortable, do them anyway-dd- Susan Cain . We don’t need giant personalities to transform companies-dd- We need leaders who build not their own egos but the institutions they run-dd- Susan Cain . Solitude is a catalyst for innovation-dd- Susan Cain . I think I’m a weird combination of deeply introverted and very daring-dd- I can feel both those things working-dd- Helen Hunt . There is something more important than logic: imagination-dd- Alfred Hitchcock . I want to be alone… with someone else who wants to be alone-dd- Dimitri Zaik . Love is essential, gregariousness is optional-dd- Susan Cain . True happiness is impossible without solitude-dd- Anton Chekhov . My alone feels so good, I’ll only have you if you’re sweeter than my solitude-dd- Warsan Shire . The only thing I’m asking in a relationship is freedom-dd- Freedom to be me and freedom to be alone when I need it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The highest form of love is to be the protector of another person’s solitude-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . I’m very picky with whom I give my energy to-dd- I prefer to reserve my time, intensity and spirit exclusively to those who reflect sincerity-dd- Dau Voire . Introverts treasure the close relationships they have stretched so much to make-dd- Adam S-dd- McHugh . An accusing heart couldn’t see her own sins-dd- Toba Beta . Friendship with ones self is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . She was an adventurer at heart; but oh how she loved drinking this tea from this mug in this chair-dd- Oh how she loved to be home-dd- Unknown . Sometimes its better to be alone, no one can hurt you that way-dd- Tinku Razoria . There are times when I need nothing but the sweetness of my solitude-dd- But please know, that like the ocean promises the shore, I will never leave without coming back to you-dd- D-dd- Antoinette Foy . Living is like tearing through a museum-dd- Not until later do you really start absorbing what you saw, thinking about it, looking it up in a book, and remembering – because you can’t take it in all at once-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love-dd- Rumi . The voice of the intellect is a soft one, but it does not rest until it has gained a hearning-dd- Sigmund Freud . There’s nothing wrong with being afraid-dd- It’s not the absence of fear; it’s overcoming it-dd- Sometimes you’ve got to blast through and have faith-dd- Emma Watson . Introverts don’t see life as one big cocktail party-dd- We’re content with just a few meaningful relationships-dd- Jenn Granneman . At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want-dd- Lao Tzu . Because I rant not, neither rave of what I feel, can you be so shallow as to dream that I feel nothing-qq- R-dd-D-dd- Blackmore . When a quiet introvert talks, heads turn, and that’s power-dd- Laurie Helgoe . Introverts paradoxically pull away from culture and create culture-dd- Laurie Helgoe . I think there are non-obvious ways to lead… Leadership does not need to be a dramatic, fist in the air and trumpets blaring, activity-dd- Scott Berkun . Justice and I became friends, though we were opposites in many ways – he was extroverted, I was introverted; he was lighthearted, I was serious-dd- Nelson Mandela . The less I talk, the more my words have impact, the more people listen-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Introverts think carefully before they speak-dd- We can be excellent public speakers because we prepare carefully-dd- Sophia Dembling . I think introverts can do quite well-dd- If you’re clever you can learn to get the benefits of being an introvert, which may be, say, being willing to go off for a few days and think about a tough problem, read everything you can, push yourself very hard to think out on the edge of that area-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . I also believe that introversion is my greatest strength-dd- I have such a strong inner life that I’m never bored and only occasionally lonely-dd- No matter what mayhem is happening around me, I know I can always turn inward-dd- Susan Cain . There’s zero correlation between being the best talker and having the best ideas-dd- Susan Cain . The trick for introverts is to honor their styles instead of allowing themselves to be swept up by prevailing norms-dd- Susan Cain . The same person who would never raise his hand in a lecture hall of two hundred people might blog to two thousand, or two million, without thinking twice-dd- Susan Cain . Eleanor Roosevelt, Rosa Parks, Gandhi — all these peopled described themselves as quiet and soft-spoken and even shy-dd- And they all took the spotlight, even though every bone in their bodies was telling them not to-dd- Susan Cain . Keep exploring-dd- Keep dreaming-dd- Keep asking why-dd- Don’t settle for what you already know-dd- Never stop believing in the power of your ideas, your imagination, your hard work to change the world-dd- Barack Obama . Your voice can change the world-dd- Barack Obama . Hail to the man who went through life always helping others, knowing no fear, and to whom aggressiveness and resentment are alien-dd- Such is the stuff of which the great moral leaders are made-dd- Albert Einstein . Man can find meaning in life, short and perilous as it is, only through devoting himself to society-dd- Albert Einstein . Thankfully, perseverance is a good substitute for talent-dd- Steve Martin . Life isn’t about just talking, it’s about thinking too-dd- Marie Symeou . The extroverted world we live in will crush the introverted who blindly try to fit in-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I’m continually amazed by how many people who appear to be extroverts are actually introverts-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts like people they meet in friendly contexts; extroverts prefer those they compete with-dd- Susan Cain . Extroversion is an enormously appealing personality style, but we’ve turned it into an oppressive standard to which most of us feel we must conform-dd- Susan Cain . Most people who have grown up introverted in this very extroverted culture of ours have had painful experiences of feeling like they are out of step with what’s expected of them-dd- Susan Cain . Extroverts are more likely to take a quick-and-dirty approach to problem-solving, trading accuracy for speed, making increasing numbers of mistakes as they go, and abandoning ship altogether when the problem seems too difficult or frustrating-dd- Introverts think before they act, digest information thoroughly, stay on task longer, give up less easily, and work more accurately-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts living under the extroversion Ideal are like women in a man’s world, discounted because of a trait that goes to the core of who they are-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts, in contrast, may have strong social skills and enjoy parties and business meetings, but after a while wish they were home in their pajamas-dd- They prefer to devote their social energies to close friends, colleagues, and family-dd- Susan Cain . While extroverts are verbal processors, who speak as they think, introverts need to think before we speak-dd- This leads to a slower, more thoughtful communication style that involves fewer words, and longer pauses-dd- Michaela Chung . Part 1-dd- Man is, at one and the same time, a solitary being and a social being-dd- As a solitary being, he attemps to protect his own existence and that of those who are closest to him, to satisfy his personal desires, and to develop his innate abilities-dd- Albert Einstein . Part 2-dd- As a social being, he seeks to gain the recognition and affection of his fellow human beings, to share in their pleasures, to comfort them in their sorrows, and to improve their conditions of life-dd- Albert Einstein . Often confused with shyness, introversion does not imply social reticence or discomfort-dd- Rather than being averse to social engagement, introverts become overwhelmed by too much of it, which explains why the introvert is ready to leave a party after an hour and the extravert gains steam as the night goes on-dd- Laurie Helgoe . Introverts are dependent on their own inside noise, extroverts are dependent of outside noise-dd- The outputs are dependent on quality of those noise-dd- Amit K Ghosh . They say that extroverts are unhappier than introverts and have to compensate for this by constantly proving to themselves how happy and contented and at ease with life they are-dd- Paulo Coelho . I’m self-sufficient-dd- I spend a lot of time on my own and I shut off quite easily-dd- When I communicate, I communicate 900 per cent; then I shut off, which scares people sometimes-dd- Bjork . The world introvert has negative connotations that need to be destroyed-dd- Introverts are simply misunderstood because the majority of the population consists of extroverts-dd- Unknown . Envy is one attribute of extrovert population-dd- Introverts are too busy with their inner reflections-dd- Unknown . I love mankind… it’s people I can’t stand-xx--xx- Charles M-dd- Schulz (Charlie Brown) . Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal-dd- Albert Camus . I enjoyed the discipline and solitariness of long-distance running, which allowed me to escape from the hurly-burly of school life-dd- Nelson Mandela . Taking toilet breaks is not antisocial, it’s a lifesaver-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Nothing so much prevents our being natural as the desire to seem so-dd- François VI de la Rochefoucault . The only thing that could spoil a day was people-dd- People were always the limiters of happiness except for the very few that were as good as spring itself-dd- Ernest Hemingway . With the exception of family we don’t choose, endeavor to spend time only with those who imbue you with energy vs-dd- zap you of it-dd- Geoff Lewis . After an hour or two of being socially on, we introverts need to turn off and recharge-dd- This isn’t antisocial-dd- It isn’t a sign of depression-dd- Jonathan Rauch . When someone speaks to an introvert, her brain responds with a high level of activity-dd- It is as if several lights start flashing on a control panel-dd- Laurie Helgoe . Introverts don’t get lonely if they don’t socialize with a lot of people, but we do get lonely if we don’t have intimate interactions on a regular basis-dd- Sophia Dembling . Companionship is a foreign concept to some people-dd- They fear it as much as the majority of people fear loneliness-dd- Criss Jami . I was just confused about why I was feeling overwhelmed all the time and trying to adjust to having people work for me-dd- Felicia Day . A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work-dd- John Lubbock . If the conversation doesn’t interest us, we often go quiet and wander the wonderland that is our imagination-dd- We find endless entertainment in our ideas and fantasies-dd- Michaela Chung . Often we come home from a sharing session with a feeling that something precious has been taken away from us or that holy ground has been trodden upon-dd- Henri J-dd-M-dd- Nouwen . Some introverts are perfectly comfortable with public speaking; I’m not one of them-dd- Susan Cain . There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them-dd- Andre Gide . Fear is the highest fence-dd- Dudley Nichols . The trick with introverts is for them to honor their styles instead of allowing themselves to be swept up by prevailing norms-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts feel “just right” with less stimulation, as when they sip wine with a friend, solve a crossword puzzle, or read a book-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts crave meaning so party chit-chat feels like sandpaper to our psyche-dd- Diane Cameron . Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy-dd- Leo Buscaglia . All this talking, this rather liquid confessing, was something I didn’t think I could ever bring myself to do-dd- It seemed foolhardy to me, like an uncooked egg deciding to come out of its shell: there would be a risk of spreading out too far, turning into a formless puddle-dd- Margaret Atwood . Many people believe that introversion is about being antisocial, and that’s really a misperception-dd- Because actually it’s just that introverts are differently social-dd- So they would prefer to have a glass of wine with a close friend as opposed to going to a loud party full of strangers-dd- Susan Cain . Do not lose your inward peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset-dd- Saint Francis De Sales . The pressure to entertain, to sell ourselves, and never to be visibly anxious keeps ratcheting up-dd- Susan Cain . Do not be afraid of tomorrow, for God is already there-dd- Unknown . It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves-dd- Edmund Hillary . Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage-dd- Anais Nin . Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action-dd- Walter Anderson . Deep rivers run quiet-dd- Haruki Murakami . There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness-dd- Han Suyin . Let your gentleness be evident to all-dd- Philippians 4:5 . Kind and humble makes a better man than loud and muscle-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The flower that smells the sweetest is shy and lowly-dd- William Wordsworth . I believe that worthiness is our birthright-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Only the weak are cruel-dd- Gentleness can only be expected from the strong-dd- Leo Buscaglia . So many people are shut up tight inside themselves like boxes, yet they would open up, unfolding quite wonderfully, if only you were interested in them-dd- Sylvia Plath . We need to do teacher training to educate them about what temperament means-dd- Shyness is painful and you want to help a child with shyness – but the underlying temperament of being a careful, sensitive person is to be honoured, valued and respected-dd- Susan Cain . Shyness is inherently uncomfortable; introversion is not-dd- The traits do overlap, though psychologists debate to what degree-dd- Susan Cain . Shyness is about the fear of social judgments – at a job interview or a party you might be excessively worried about what people think of you-dd- Whereas an introvert might not feel any of those things at all, they simply have the preference to be in a quieter setting-dd- Susan Cain . Don’t try to be what you’re not-dd- If you’re nervous, be nervous-dd- If you’re shy, be shy-dd- It’s cute-dd- Adriana Lima . Never let shyness conquer your mind-dd- Arfa Karim . Shyness is when you turn your head away from something you want-dd- Jonathan Safran Foer . I am quite shy and people think I’m aloof-dd- Kristen Stewart . Shyness displays itself differently in me-dd- I think it’s more an awkwardness-dd- Daniel Radcliffe . Our greatest strength lies in the gentleness and tenderness of our heart-dd- Rumi . Severity is allowable where gentleness has no effect-dd- Pierre Corneille . I’m very shy so I became very outgoing to protect my shyness-dd- Don Rickles . Home is where the heart can laugh without shyness-dd- Vernon Baker . Love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self-control-dd- To these I commit my day-dd- Max Lucado . Gentleness, self-sacrifice and generosity are the exclusive possession of no one race or religion-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Don’t underestimate me because I’m quiet-dd- I know more than I say, think more than I speak and observe more than you know-dd- Michaela Chung . Most inventors and engineers I’ve met are like me-dd- They’re shy and they live in their heads-dd- The very best of them are artists-dd- And artists work best alone-dd- Steve Wozniak (Apple) . Nothing is so strong as gentleness, nothing so gentle as real strength-dd- Saint Francis de Sales . Gentleness is the antidote for cruelty-dd- Phaedrus . Kindness is wisdom-dd- Philip James Bailey . Without tenderness, a man is uninteresting-dd- Marlene Dietrich . Life begins at the end of your comfort zone-dd- Neale Donald Walsch . If I won’t be myself, who will-qq- Alfred Hitchcock . Don’t envy and don’t compare-dd- Accept your introversion and don’t be scared-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If being yourself is not enough, they are not worth it-dd- Unknown . You can be a very charismatic introvert-dd- Olivia Fox Cabane . A good rule of thumb is that any environment that consistently leaves you feeling bad about who you are is the wrong environment-dd- Laurie Helgoe . Whatever kind of introvert you are, some people will find you ‘too much’ in some ways and ‘not enough’ in others-dd- Laurie Helgoe . The most important thing to know about being an introvert is that there’s nothing wrong with you-dd- You’re not broken because you’re quiet-dd- It’s okay to stay home on a Friday night instead of going to a party-dd- Being an introvert is a perfectly normal ‘thing’ to be-dd- Jenn Granneman . Many introverts feel there’s something wrong with them, and try to pass as extroverts-dd- But whenever you try to pass as something you’re not, you lose a part of yourself along the way-dd- You especially lose a sense of how to spend your time-dd- Susan Cain . If you’re an introvert, you also know that the bias against quiet can cause deep psychic pain-dd- As a child you might have overheard your parents apologize for your shyness-dd- Or at school you might have been prodded to come “out of your shell” — that noxious expression which fails to appreciate that some animals naturally carry shelter everywhere they go, and some humans are just the same-dd- Susan Cain . I prefer listening to talking, reading to socializing… I like to think before I speak (softly)-dd- Susan Cain . We’re told that to be great is to be bold, to be happy is to be sociable-dd- We see ourselves as a nation of extroverts – which means that we’ve lost sight of who we really are-dd- Susan Cain . At the end of the day, you won’t be happy until you love yourself-dd- Lady Gaga . Accept everything about yourself – I mean everything-dd- You are you and that is the beginning and the end – no apologies, no regrets-dd- Clark Moustakas . I am lonely, yet not everybody will do-dd- I don’t know why, some people fill the gaps but other people emphasize my loneliness-dd- Anais Nin . My friend… care for your psyche… know thyself, for once we know ourselves, we may learn how to care for ourselves-dd- Socrates . I really like to stay in my nest and not move-dd- I travel in my mind, and that’s a rigorous state of journeying for me-dd- My body isn’t that interested in moving from place to place-dd- Bell Hooks . Don’t feel stupid if you don’t like what everyone else pretends to love-dd- Emma Watson . I do feel that I’ve managed to make something I could maybe call my world…over time…little by little-dd- And when I’m inside it, to some extent, I feel kind of relieved-dd- But the very fact I felt I had to make such a world probably means that I’m a weak person, that I bruise easily, don’t you think-qq- And in the eyes of society at large, that world of mine is a puny little thing-dd- It’s like a cardboard house: a puff of wind might carry it off somewhere-dd- Haruki Murakami . I’m an introvert… I love being by myself, love being outdoors, love taking a long walk with my dogs and looking at the trees, flowers, the sky-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Study me as much as you like, you will never know me-dd- For I differ a hundred ways from what you see me to be-dd- Rumi . Every time we stomp down our introverted nature, we crush part of our soul in the process-dd- Michaela Chung . Your introversion is a gift that doesn’t need to be cured of fixed-dd- Michaela Chung . We are not anti-social; we’re differently social-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts prefer to work independently, and solitude can be a catalyst to innovation-dd- Susan Cain . The only thing a true introvert dislikes more than talking about himself is repeating himself-dd- Jonathan Rauch . Introvert inclusion: Sometimes we want to be left alone, sometimes we want to be included; most of the time we want to be included with the option to be left alone-dd- Unknown . I’m indecisive because I see eight sides to everything-dd- April Kepne . Introverts tend to avoid small talk-dd- We’d rather talk about something meaningful than fill the air with chatter just to hear ourselves make noise-dd- Jenn Granneman . Deep inside, she knew who she was, and that person was smart and kind and often even funny, but somehow her personality always got lost somewhere between her heart and her mouth, and she found herself saying the wrong thing or, more often, nothing at all-dd- Julia Quinn . An introvert may feel asocial when pressured to go to a party that doesn’t interest her-dd- But for her, the event does not promise meaningful interaction-dd- In fact, she knows that the party will leave her feeling more alone and alienated-dd- Laurie Helgoe . As an introvert, you can be your own best friend or your worst enemy-dd- The good news is we generally like our own company, a quality that extroverts often envy-dd- We find comfort in solitude and know how to soothe ourselves-dd- Laurie Helgoe . Introverts listen more than they talk, think before they speak, and often feel as if they express themselves better in writing than in conversation-dd- They tend to dislike conflict-dd- Many have a horror for small talk, but enjoy deep discussions-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts are capable of acting like extroverts for the sake of work they consider important, people they love, or anything they value highly-dd- Susan Cain . Part 1-dd- If you are an introvert, you are born with a temperament that craves to be alone, delights in meaningful connections, thinks before speaking and observes before approaching-dd- Aletheia Luna . Part 2-dd- If you are an introvert, you thrive in the inner sanctuary of the mind, heart and spirit, but shrink in the external world of noise, drama and chaos-dd- Aletheia Luna . Part 3-dd- As an introvert, you are sensitive, perceptive, gentle and reflective-dd- You prefer to operate behind the scenes, preserve your precious energy and influence the world in a quiet, but powerful way-dd- Aletheia Luna . Inside was where she lived, physically and mentally-dd- She resided in the horn of plenty of her own prodigious mind, fertilized by inexhaustible curiosity-dd- Tim LaHaye . Introverts dislike small talk, but we are fluent in the language of ideas and dreams-dd- Michaela Chung . Wealth is the product of man’s capacity to think-dd- Ayn Rand . Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others-dd- Rosa Parks . I have a feeling that inside you somewhere, there’s somebody nobody knows about-dd- Alfred Hitchcock . You shouldn’t worry so much about what others think of you if you realized how seldom they do-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . I am an extro-introvert-dd- […] I love all of the excitement and I like meeting people and hearing their stories-dd- But I also like time alone-dd- And I like to think and relax and sleep and stuff like that-dd- So I guess I’m a little of both-dd- Hillary Clinton . We reward people a lot for being rich, for being famous, for being cute, for being thin… one of the values I think we need to instill in our country, in our children, is a sense of ‘usefulness’, in other words, are we useful, are we making other peoples’ lives a little bit better-qq- Barack Obama . One of the strongest motives that lead men to art and science is escape from everyday life-dd- A finely tempered nature longs to escape from the personal life into the world of objective perception and thought-dd- Albert Einstein . A shy man no doubt dreads the notice of strangers, but can hardly be said to be afraid of them, he may be as bold as a hero in battle, and yet have no self-confidence about trifles in the presence of strangers-dd- Charles Darwin . I’m shy, paranoid, whatever word you want to use-dd- I hate fame-dd- I’ve done everything I can to avoid it-dd- Johnny Depp . Being noticed can be a burden-dd- Jesus got himself crucified because he got himself noticed-dd- So I disappear a lot-dd- Bob Dylan . I don’t want to be a movie star-dd- I want to be in movies that are stars-dd- Harrison Ford . Respect your efforts, respect yourself-dd- Self-respect leads to self-discipline-dd- When you have both firmly under your belt, that’s real power-dd- Clint Eastwood . I was kinda shy in school, but I also had the class-clown element about me-dd- I was removed, but I was involved-dd- Keenu Reeves . Way too much coffee-dd- But if it weren’t for the coffee, I’d have no identifiable personality whatsoever-dd- David Letterman . I think enough cannot be said for what you can discover through literature-dd- So I think that was probably my most valued characteristic as a teenager-dd- Julia Roberts . I’m kind of an introvert kind of person just by nature, it’s not like a conscious choice that I’m making necessarily-dd- […] Coming to realize that about myself was very empowering-dd- Emma Watson . Don’t you ever let a soul in the world tell you that you can’t be exactly who you are-dd- Lady Gaga . I can be very shy…but when I’m around people I know, I can be extremely loud-dd- Avril Lavigne . I’m an ocean, because I’m really deep-dd- If you search deep enough you can find rare exotic treasures-dd- Christina Aguilera . I always try to be myself-dd- Ever since I was an introverted kid, I’d get on stage and be able to break out of my shell-dd- Beyonce Knowles . Obstacles don’t have to stop you-dd- If you run into a wall, don’t turn around and give up-dd- Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it-dd- Michael Jordan . We do not need magic to transform our world-dd- We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already-dd- We have the power to imagine better-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . I never felt comfortable with myself, because I was never part of the majority-dd- I always felt awkward and shy and on the outside of the momentum of my friends’ lives-dd- Steven Spielberg . E-mail is far more convenient than the telephone-dd- As far as I’m concerned, I would throw my phone away if I could get away with it-dd- Tom Hanks . I loved to make people laugh in high school, and then I found I loved being on stage in front of people-dd- I’m sure that’s some kind of ego trip or a way to overcome shyness-dd- I was very kind of shy and reserved, so there’s a way to be on stage and be performing and balance your life out-dd- Steve Martin . Most people in politics draw energy from backslapping and shaking hands and all that-dd- I draw energy from discussing ideas-dd- Al Gore . I think introverts can do quite well-dd- If you’re clever you can learn to get the benefits of being an introvert, which might be, say, being willing to go off for a few days and think about a tough problem, read everything you can, push yourself very hard to think out on the edge of that area-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . I think that’s the single best piece of advice: constantly think about how you could be doing things better and questioning yourself-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla, SpaceX) . The difference between successful people and really successful people is that really successful people say no to almost everything-dd- Warren Buffett . Truth is ever to be found in simplicity, and not in the multiplicity and confusion of things-dd- Isaac Newton . Do not underestimate the determination of a quiet man-dd- Iain Duncun Smith . He who does not trust enough, will not be trusted-dd- Lao Tzu . The river is wild-dd- You can’t control it-dd- Embrace the chaos-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Trust yourself, you will start to trust others-dd- Santosh Kalwar . Speak your truth, even if your voice shakes-dd- Robin Sharma . Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none-dd- William Shakespeare . Earn trust, earn trust, earn trust-dd- Then you can worry about the rest-dd- Seth Godin . As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Every path but your own is the path of fate-dd- Keep on your own track, then-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . To be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved-dd- George MacDonald . To conquer the unknown you must trust-dd- Yogi Bhajan . Self trust is the essence of heroism-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Better to trust the man who is frequently in error than the one who is never in doubt-dd- Eric Sevareid . Trust starts with truth and ends with truth-dd- Santosh Kalwar . I don’t trust anyone who doesn’t laugh-dd- Maya Angelou . One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life-dd- E-dd-M-dd- Forster . You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment unless you trust enough-dd- Frank Crane . Those who trust us educate us-dd- George Eliot . All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them-dd- Walt Disney . Honesty is the best policy-dd- If I lose mine honor, I lose myself-dd- William Shakespeare . For it is in your power to retire into yourself whenever you choose-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Liberalism is trust of the people tempered by prudence-dd- Conservatism is distrust of the people tempered by fear-dd- William E-dd- Gladstone . To have faith is to trust yourself to the water-dd- When you swim you don’t grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown-dd- Instead you relax, and float-dd- Alan W-dd- Watts . The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself-dd- The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Trust in what you love, continue to do it, and it will take you where you need to go-dd- Natalie Goldberg . You can’t connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards-dd- So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future-dd- Steve Jobs . I’m not upset that you lied to me, I’m upset that from now on I can’t believe you-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Distrust all in whom the impulse to punish is powerful-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Trustful people are the pure at heart, as they are moved by the zeal of their own trustworthiness-dd- Criss Jami . The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself-dd- Michel de Montaigne (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Trust is like a vase, once it’s broken, though you can fix it, the vase will never be same again-dd- Walter Anderson . Trust is built with consistency-dd- Lincoln Chafee . Trust is the glue of life-dd- It’s the most essential ingredient in effective communication-dd- It’s the foundational principle that holds all relationships-dd- Stephen Covey . Trust is the easiest thing in the world to loose, and the hardest thing in the world to get back-dd- R-dd- Williams . Trust is built when no one is looking-dd- Seth Godin . Don’t trust the person who has broken faith once-dd- William Shakespeare . Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters-dd- Albert Einstein . You must trust and believe in people, or life becomes impossible-dd- Anton Chekhov . I don’t trust people who don’t love themselves and tell me, ‘I love you’-dd- There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt-dd- Maya Angelou . I believe in trusting-dd- Trust begets trust-dd- Suspicion is foetid and only stinks-dd- He who trusts has never yet lost in the world-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . I trust no one, not even myself-dd- Joseph Stalin . The shifts of fortune test the reliability of friends-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . The trust of the innocent is the liar’s most useful tool-dd- Stephen King . Even miracles take a little time-dd- Fairy Godmother (Cinderella) . Don’t just fly, soar-dd- Dumbo . All it takes is faith and trust-dd- Peter Pan (Disney) . I believe that everything happens for a reason-dd- People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they’re right, you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Be courteous to all but intimate with few; and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence-dd- George Washington . We are not afraid to entrust the American people with unpleasant facts, foreign ideas, alien philosophies, and competitive values-dd- For a nation that is afraid to let its people judge the truth and falsehood in an open market is a nation that is afraid of its people-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can not fool all of the people all of the time-dd- Abraham Lincoln . The people when rightly and fully trusted will return the trust-dd- Abraham Lincoln . It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it-dd- Warren Buffett . Trust is like the air we breathe – when it’s present, nobody really notices; when it’s absent, everybody notices-dd- Warren Buffett . Forget what people say to your face-dd- Look at their actions-dd- Pope Francis . Faith is taking the first step even when you don’t see the whole staircase-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . I think we may safely trust a good deal more than we do-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Men trust their ears less than their eyes-dd- Herodotus . Trust, but verify-dd- Ronald Reagan . Self-trust is the first secret of success-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Wise men put their trust in ideas and not in circumstances-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Creativity comes from trust-dd- Trust your instincts-dd- Rita Mae Brown . Trusting is hard-dd- Knowing who to trust, even harder-dd- Maria V-dd- Snyder . Keep your promises and be consistent-dd- Be the kind of person others can trust-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . A king who trusts no man is weak-dd- Patricia Briggs . Trust one who has gone through it-dd- Virgil . Trusting you is my decision-dd- Proving me right is your choice-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . I don’t trust words, I trust actions-dd- Unknown . Trust starts with truth and ends with truth-dd- Unknown . Be all in or get all out-dd- There is no halfway-dd- Unknown . The best proof of love is trust-dd- Joyce Brothers . Everything ultimately comes down to trust-dd- Marcus Sheridan . It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable-dd- Seneca . Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity-dd- Kahlil Gibran . In yourself right now is all the place you’ve got-dd- Flannery O’Connor . Trust only movement-dd- Life happens at the level of events, not of words-dd- Trust movement-dd- Alfred Adler . What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Trust that little voice in your head that says “Wouldn’t it be interesting if-dd--dd-”; And then do it-dd- Duane Michals . Trust yourself-dd- Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life-dd- Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement-dd- Golda Meir . In this world, there was nothing scarier than trusting someone-dd- But there was also nothing more rewarding-dd- Brad Meltzer . Part 1-dd- A tree says: My strength is trust-dd- I know nothing about my fathers, I know nothing about the thousand children that every year spring out of me-dd- Hermann Hesse . Part 2-dd- I live out the secret of my seed to the very end, and I care for nothing else-dd- I trust that God is in me-dd- I trust that my labor is holy-dd- Out of this trust I live-dd- Hermann Hesse . Be silent and safe — silence never betrays you; Be true to your word and your work and your friend; Put least trust in him who is foremost to praise you, nor judge of a road till it draw to the end-dd- John Boyle O’Reilly . To sit patiently with a yearning that has not yet been fulfilled, and to trust that, that fulfillment will come, is quite possibly one of the most powerful “magic skills” that human beings are capable of-dd- It has been noted by almost every ancient wisdom tradition-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . Life is not easy for any of us-dd- But what of that-qq- We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves-dd- We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained-dd- Marie Curie . You must train your intuition – you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide-dd- Ingrid Bergman . Learn to trust the journey, even when you do not understand it-dd- Lolly Daskal . Part 1-dd- To be a good human being is to have a kind of openness to the world, an ability to trust uncertain things beyond your own control, that can lead you to be shattered in very extreme circumstances for which you were not to blame-dd- Martha Nussbaum . Part 2-dd- That says something very important about the condition of the ethical life: that it is based on a trust in the uncertain and on a willingness to be exposed; it’s based on being more like a plant than like a jewel, something rather fragile, but whose very particular beauty is inseparable from that fragility-dd- Martha Nussbaum . Ultimate freedom has nothing to do with your life circumstances – it is the freedom of allowing the self to dissolve into the waves of the ocean-dd- It is the freedom that is born through one’s absolute trust in life-dd- Richard Rudd . Trust is letting go of needing to know all the details before you open your heart-dd- Unknown . Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it’s safe or certain-dd- Unknown . Trust opens up new and unimagined possibilities-dd- Robert C-dd- Solomon . Trust everybody, but cut the cards-dd- Finley Peter Dunne . In God we trust, all others we virus scan-dd- Unknown . Don’t trust everything you see-dd- Even salt looks like sugar-dd- Unknown . Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if it’s broken, but you can still see the crack in that mother fucker’s reflection-dd- Lady Gaga . Tell people there’s an invisible man in the sky who created the universe, and the vast majority will believe you-dd- Tell them the paint is wet, and they have to touch it to be sure-dd- George Carlin . You can’t trust a promise someone makes while they’re drunk, in love, hungry, or running for office-dd- Joe Moore . A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes-dd- Charles Spurgeon . Trust no one unless you have eaten much salt with him-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . The only statistics you can trust are those you falsified yourself-dd- Winston Churchill . Doubt everything-dd- Find your own light-dd- Buddha . Never trust he who trusts everyone-dd- Carlos Ruiz Zafón . Never trust the advice of a man in difficulties-dd- Aesop . Our distrust is very expensive-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . You can as easily love without trusting as you can hug without embracing-dd- Robert Brault . We’re all born brave, trusting, and greedy, and most of us remain greedy-dd- Mignon McLaughlin . A man who trusts nobody is apt to be the kind of man nobody trusts-dd- Harold Macmillan . We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty-xx- Douglas Adams . Nothing happens to any man that he is not formed by nature to bear-dd- Marcus Aurelius . All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust-dd- J-dd-M-dd- Barrie (Peter Pan) . What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly-dd- Richard Bach . I would rather trust a woman’s instinct than a man’s reason-dd- Stanley Baldwin . The words “I Love You” kill, and resurrect millions, in less than a second-dd- Aberjhani . Because you believed I was capable of behaving decently, I did-dd- Paulo Coelho . What loneliness is more lonely than distrust-qq- George Eliot . The deep roots never doubt spring will come-dd- Marty Rubin . You can’t shake hands with a clenched fist-dd- Indira Gandhi . It is an equal failing to trust everybody, and to trust nobody-dd- English Proverb . I trust everyone-dd- I just don’t trust the devil inside them-dd- Troy Kennedy-Martin . We’re paying the highest tribute you can pay a man-dd- We trust him to do right-dd- It’s that simple-dd- Harper Lee . The primary reason people believe in anything is because others believe-dd- Brian Norgard . It is better to suffer wrong than to do it, and happier to be sometimes cheated than not to trust-dd- Samuel Johnson . Seek not the favor of the multitude; it is seldom got by honest and lawful means-dd- But seek the testimony of few; and number not voices, but weigh them-dd- Immanuel Kant . It was the greatest sensation of existence: not to trust but to know-dd- Ayn RandYou can go wrong by being too skeptical as readily as by being too trusting-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Indifference is expensive-dd- Hostility is unaffordable-dd- Trust is priceless-dd- It’s all about Relationships-dd- Ted Rubin . How can people trust the harvest unless they see it sown-qq- Unknown . When you make a commitment, you build hope-dd- When you keep it, you build trust-dd- . A man who doesn’t trust himself can never really trust anyone else-dd- Cardinal De Retz . Seize the day, and put the least possible trust in tomorrow-dd- Horace . Regard a friend as loyal, and you will make him loyal-dd- Seneca . Few delights can equal the mere presence of one whom we trust utterly-dd- George MacDonald . But what are loyalty and caring really worth-qq- To me-qq- Everything-dd- Richelle Mead . The best fights don’t occur between strangers-dd- They occur between friends who trust each other-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them-dd- Confucius . I have not observed mens honesty to increase with their riches-dd- Thomas Jefferson . It is mutual trust, even more than mutual interest, that holds human associations together-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . Every kind of peaceful cooperation among men is primarily based on mutual trust-dd- Albert Einstein . Age appears to be best in four things; old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read-dd- Francis Bacon . As social animals we need friends and what attracts them is trust-dd- And trust grows when we show real concern for others’ well-being-dd- Dalai Lama . If you live your life honestly and truthfully, you’ll be open and transparent, which leads to trust-dd- And trust leads to friendship-dd- Dalai Lama . Friendship – my definition – is built on two things-dd- Respect and trust-dd- Both elements have to be there-dd- And it has to be mutual-dd- You can have respect for someone, but if you don’t have trust, the friendship will crumble-dd- Stieg Larsson . The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, nor the kindly smile, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when you discover that someone else believes in you and is willing to trust you with a friendship-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Trust is hard to come by-dd- That’s why my circle is small and tight-dd- Eminem . We need people in our lives with whom we can be as open as possible-dd- To have real conversations with people may seem like such a simple, obvious suggestion, but it involves courage and risk-dd- Thomas Moore . Trust no friend without faults, and love a woman, but no angel-dd- Doris Lessing . A man trusts another man when he sees enough of himself in him-dd- Gregory David Roberts . My books are friends that never fail me-dd- Thomas Carlyle . When mistrust comes in, loves goes out-dd- Irish proverb . Have enough courage to trust love one more time and always one more time-dd- Maya Angelou . Love is always supportive, loyal, hopeful, and trusting-dd- Corinthians 13:7 . Love is giving someone the ability to destroy you — but trusting them not to-dd- Unknown . In love we often doubt what we most believe-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . A healthy relationship is built on unwavering trust-dd- Beau Mirchoff . A good marriage is at least 80 percent good luck in finding the right person at the right time-dd- The rest is trust-dd- Nanette Newman . Without communication, there is no relationship-dd- Without respect, there is no love-dd- Without trust, there’s no reason to continue-dd- Unknown . A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity-dd- The order varies for any given year-dd- Paul Sweeney . Part 1-dd- The beginning of love is the will to let those we love be perfectly themselves, the resolution not to twist them to fit our own image-dd- Thomas Merton . Part 2-dd- If in loving them we do not love what they are, but only their potential likeness to ourselves, then we do not love them: we only love the reflection of ourselves we find in them-dd- Thomas Merton . Love meant jumping off a cliff and trusting that a certain person would be there to catch you at the bottom-dd- Jodi Picoult . Love one another, but make not a bond of love: Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls-dd- Kahlil Gibran . I’ll marry you if you admit that respect, admiration, and trust equals love-dd- Hal Hartley (In the movie Trust, 1990) https://www-dd-imdb-dd-com/title/tt0103130/ . After all, damn it, what does being in love mean if you can’t trust a person-dd- Evelyn Waugh . Trust is the fruit of a relationship in which you know you are loved-dd- William Paul Young . Never trust a husband too far, nor a bachelor too near-dd- Helen Rowland . Trust your intuition and be guided by love-dd- Charles Eisenstein . Love cannot live where there is no trust-dd- Edith Hamilton . Trust is the mother of deceit-dd- English proverb . Only those you trust can betray you-dd- Terry Goodkind . If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything-dd- Mark Twain . The worst thing about being lied to is knowing you are not worth the truth-dd- Jean-Paul Sartre . If you once forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem-dd- Abraham Lincoln . The liar’s punishment is not in the least that he is not believed, but that he cannot believe anyone else-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Part 1-dd- Any ordinary favor we do for someone or any compassionate reaching out may seem to be going nowhere at first, but may be planting a seed we can’t see right now-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Part 2-dd- Sometimes we need to just do the best we can and then trust in an unfolding we can’t design or ordain-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Trust is like a paper, once it’s crumpled it can’t be perfect again-dd- Unknown . A single lie discovered is enough to create doubt in every truth expressed-dd- Unknown . For there to be betrayal, there would have to have been trust first-dd- Suzanne Collins (The Hunger Games) . People that have trust issues only need to look in the mirror-dd- There they will meet the one person that will betray them the most-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . “It was a mistake” you said-dd- But the cruel thing was, it felt like the mistake was mine, for trusting you-dd- David Levithan . I used to take on trust a man’s deeds after having listened to his words-dd- Now having listened to a man’s words I go on to observe his deeds-dd- Confucius . I got trust issues because people got lying issues-dd- Unknown . For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth-dd- Bo Bennett . Sometimes you get the best light from a burning bridge-dd- Don Henley . Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will-dd- Suzy Kassem . Doubt is an uncomfortable condition, but certainty is a ridiculous one-dd- Voltaire . Life is doubt, and faith without doubt is nothing but death-dd- Miguel de Unamuno . If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things-dd- René Descartes . I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right-dd- Muhammad Ali Jinnah . The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it-dd- J-dd-M-dd- Barrie . You cannot stop trusting people in life but I have learned to be a little bit careful-dd- The way to make people trust-worthy is to trust them-dd- Ernest Hemingway . It is only prudent never to place complete confidence in that by which we have even once been deceived-dd- René Descartes . Do not trust all men, but trust men of worth; the former course is silly, the latter a mark of prudence-dd- Democritus . Don’t let insecure thoughts ruin something amazing-dd- Unknown . Never trust the version that people give of themselves — it is utterly unreliable-dd- Robert Greene . Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt-dd- Jane Addams . We are all selfish and I no more trust myself than others with a good motive-dd- Lord Byron . Doubt isn’t the opposite of faith; it is an element of faith-dd- Paul Tillich . Sometimes I think it is my mission to bring faith to the faithless, and doubt to the faithful-dd- Paul Tillich . I always knew I was going to be rich-dd- I don’t think I ever doubted it for a minute-dd- Warren Buffett . And your doubt can become a good quality if you train it-dd- It must become knowing, it must become criticism-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today-dd- Let us move forward with strong and active faith-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Every mental act is composed of doubt and belief, but it is belief that is the positive, it is belief that sustains thought and holds the world together-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . Religion is a culture of faith; science is a culture of doubt-dd- Richard Feynman . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Faith requires following the power of a whisper-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Quit questioning God and start trusting Him-xx- Joel Osteen . A skeptic is a person who would ask God for his ID card-dd- Edgar A-dd- Shoaff . Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservation-dd- D-dd- Elton Trueblood . None of us knows what might happen even the next minute, yet still we go forward-dd- Because we trust-dd- Because we have Faith-dd- Paulo Coelho . Men trust God by risking rejection-dd- Women trust God by waiting-dd- Carolyn McCulley . If you put your trust in God, you’ll be all right in the end-dd- Nicholas Sparks . My trust is solely in God-dd- And I trust men only because I trust God-dd- If I had no God to rely upon, I should be like Timon, a hater of my species-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Do not let your hearts be troubled-dd- Trust in God; trust also in me-dd- Jesus Christ . I want to change my circumstances-dd- God wants to change me-dd- Rick Warren . The inability to open up to hope is what blocks trust, and blocked trust is the reason for blighted dreams-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . Part 1-dd- Above all, trust in the slow work of God-dd- We are quite naturally impatient in everything to reach the end without delay-dd- Pierre Teilhard de Chardin . Part 2-dd- We should like to skip the intermediate stages-dd- We are impatient of being on the way to something unknown, something new-dd- Pierre Teilhard de Chardin . Part 3-dd- And yet it is the law of all progress that it is made by passing through some stages of instability – and that it may take a very long time-dd- Pierre Teilhard de Chardin . Hope is both the earliest and the most indispensable virtue inherent in the state of being alive-dd- If life is to be sustained hope must remain, even where confidence is wounded, trust impaired-dd- Erik H-dd- Erikson . Say what you will about the sweet miracle of un questioning faith, I consider a capacity for it terrifying and absolutely vile-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Only trust in God can transform doubts into certainty, evil into good, night into radiant dawn-dd- Pope Francis . Those who trust in their riches will fall, but the righteous will thrive like a green leaf-dd- Proverbs 11:28 . But I trust in your unfailing love; my heart rejoices in your salvation-dd- Psalm 13:5 . When you go through deep waters, I will be with you-dd- Isaiah 43:2 . When I am afraid, I put my trust in you-dd- Psalm 56-dd-3 . Trust is earned when actions meet words-dd- Chris Butler . Trust leads to approachability and open communications-dd- Scott Weiss . Consistency is the true foundation of trust-dd- Either keep your promises or do not make them-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Forgiveness must be immediate, whether or not a person asks for it-dd- Trust must be rebuilt over time-dd- Trust requires a track record-dd- Rick Warren . Trust is built when someone is vulnerable and not taken advantage of-dd- Bob Vanourek . I believe in trusting men, not only once but twice – in giving a failure another chance-dd- James Cash Penney . Respect is earned-dd- Honesty is appreciated-dd- Trust is gained-dd- Loyalty is returned-dd- Unknown . Trust takes years to build, seconds to break, and forever to repair-dd- Unknown . Constant kindness can accomplish much-dd- As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Trust has to be earned, and should come only after the passage of time-dd- Arthur Ashe . Learning to trust is one of life’s most difficult tasks-dd- Isaac Watts . Leadership is an achievement of trust-dd- Peter Drucker . Do the right thing-dd- Always-dd- Ted Coiné . Trust isn’t about liking your team-dd- It’s about being able to count on your team-dd- Adam Grant . I believe fundamental honesty is the keystone of business-dd- Harvey Firestone . I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself-dd- Robert E-dd- Lee . Few things help an individual more than to place responsibility upon him, and to let him know that you trust him-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . When the trust account is high, communication is easy, instant, and effective-dd- Stephen Covey . Trust is the highest form of human motivation-dd- It brings out the very best in people-dd- But it takes time and patience-dd- Stephen Covey . Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work-dd- Warren Bennis . Where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody-dd- Agatha Christie . The chief lesson I have learned in a long life is that the only way you can make a man trustworthy is to trust him; and the surest way to make him untrustworthy is to distrust him and show your distrust-dd- Henry L-dd- Stimson . Trust starts with trustworthy leadership-dd- It must be built into the corporate culture-dd- Barbara Brooks Kimmel . People follow leaders by choice-dd- Without trust, at best you get compliance-dd- Jesse Lyn Stoner . When you have collected all the facts and fears and made your decision, turn off all your fears and go ahead-xx- George S-dd- Patton . Great leaders are great because people respect and trust them, not because they have power-dd- Ken Blanchard . Our words and deeds must match if you expect employees to trust in your leadership-dd- Kevin Kruse . In order to establish trust, it is first important that you be trustworthy-dd- This means you should be forthright with all your dealings-dd- Paul Melendez . Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free-dd- Paul Tillich . The glue that holds all relationships together – including the relationship between the leader and the led – is trust, and trust is based on integrity-dd- Brian Tracy . In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Part 1-dd- The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say ‘I-dd-’ And that’s not because they have trained themselves not to say ‘I’-dd- Peter Drucker . Part 2-dd- They don’t think ‘I-dd-’ They think ‘we’; they think ‘team-dd-’ They understand their job to be to make the team function-dd- They accept responsibility and don’t sidestep it, but ‘we’ gets the credit…-dd- This is what creates trust, what enables you to get the task done-dd- Peter Drucker . If you don’t have trust inside your company, then you can’t transfer it to your customers-dd- Roger Staubach . If people like you, they’ll listen to you, but if they trust you, they’ll do business with you-dd- Zig Ziglar . Either we’re a team or we aren’t-dd- Either you trust me or you don’t-dd- Ally Carter . Be prepared and be honest-dd- John Wooden . Nothing can bring you peace but yourself-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . If you want a thing done well, do it yourself-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . You can only trust yourself… and barely that-dd- Paige Wilson . Don’t try to comprehend with your mind-dd- Your minds are very limited-dd- Use your intuition-dd- Madeleine L’Engle . It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover-dd- Henri Poincare . It is folly for a man to pray to the gods for that which he has the power to obtain by himself-dd- Epicurus . I’ll walk where my own nature would be leading-dd- It vexes me to choose another guide-dd- Charlotte Brontë . Do not lose hope — what you seek will be found-dd- Trust ghosts-dd- Trust those that you have helped to help you in their turn-dd- Trust dreams-dd- Trust your heart, and trust your story-dd- Neil Gaiman . The great object of education should be commensurate with the object of life-dd- It should be a moral one; to teach self-trust: to inspire the youthful man with an interest in himself; with a curiosity touching his own nature; to acquaint him with the resources of his mind, and to teach him that there is all his strength-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . In self-trust all the virtues are comprehended-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . If we can just let go and trust that things will work out they way they’re supposed to, without trying to control the outcome, then we can begin to enjoy the moment more fully-dd- The joy of the freedom it brings becomes more pleasurable than the experience itself-dd- Goldie Hawn . If you cannot trust yourself, you cannot even trust your mistrust of yourself – so that without this underlying trust in the whole system of nature you are simply paralyzed-dd- Alan Watts . Trust your own instincts, go inside, follow your heart-dd- Right from the start-dd- Go ahead and stand up for what you believe in-dd- As I’ve learned, that’s the path to happiness-dd- Lesley Ann Warren . The only way to survive is to admit you are on your own, learn to make your own decisions, and trust your judgement-dd- Robert Greene . Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next-dd- Dr-dd- Jonas Salk . Trust your hunches-dd- They’re usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level-dd- Joyce Brothers . Trust yourself-dd- You know more than you think you do-dd- Benjamin Spock . Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be-dd- Jane Austen . I’ll not listen to reason… reason always means what someone else has got to say-dd- Elizabeth Gaskell . Part 1-dd- But I think that because they trusted themselves and respected themselves as individuals, because they knew beyond doubt that they were valuable and potentially moral units – because of this they could give God their own courage and dignity and then receive it back-dd- John Steinbeck . Part 2-dd- Such things have disappeared perhaps because men do not trust themselves anymore-dd- John Steinbeck . Because one believes in oneself, one doesn’t try to convince others-dd- Because one is content with oneself, one doesn’t need others’ approval-dd- Because one accepts oneself, the whole world accepts him or her-dd- Lao Tzu . Take no one’s word for anything, including mine – but trust your experience-dd- James Baldwin . The mind lives in doubt and the heart lives in trust-dd- When you trust, suddenly you become centered-dd- Osho . Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love-dd- It will not lead you astray-dd- Rumi . Travelers, there is no path, paths are made by walking-dd- Antonio Machado . A mind that trusts itself is light on its feet-dd- Nathaniel Branden . When in doubt, reinforce your self-trust-dd- Laurie Nadel . Trust yourself more and others less-dd- Robert Greene . Why are you so enchanted by this world, when a mine of gold lies within you-qq- Rumi . Part 1-dd- I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going-dd- And I have trained myself to love it-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Part 2-dd- Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Part 3-dd- And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to-dd- But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Part 4-dd- You may not know where you’re going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not-dd- Ann Brashares . Comparison is the thief of joy-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Whoever envies another confesses his superiority-dd- Samuel Johnson . A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not-dd- Seneca . Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others-dd- He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind-dd- Buddha . The truest mark of being born with great qualities, is being born without envy-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . Envy is pain at the good fortune of others-dd- Aristotle . Never hate jealous people-dd- They are jealous because they think you are better than them-dd- Paulo Coelho . The spirit of envy can destroy; it can never build-dd- Margaret Thatcher . To live without comparison is to remove a tremendous burden-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius-dd- Fulton J-dd- Sheen . Nothing sharpens sight like envy-dd- Thomas Fuller . It is not greed that drives the world, but envy-dd- Warren Buffett . Man will do many things to get himself loved; he will do all things to get himself envied-dd- Mark Twain . The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you-dd- Bette Midler . Surrounded by the flames of jealousy, the jealous one winds up, like the scorpion, turning the poisoned sting against himself-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The fastest way to lose friends and alienate people is to get better and improve yourself-dd- Life Math Money . Noble hearts are neither jealous nor afraid because jealousy spells doubt and fear spells pettiness-dd- Honoré de Balzac . People hate those who make them feel their own inferiority-dd- Lord Chesterfield . Jealousy is the only vice that gives no pleasure-dd- Patrick Henry . You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars-dd- Gary Allan . Our envy of others devours us most of all-dd- Alexander Solzhenitsyn . Our envy always lasts longer than the happiness of those we envy-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . A competent and self-confident person is incapable of jealousy in anything-dd- Jealousy is invariably a symptom of neurotic insecurity-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . No one can have all he wants, but a man can refrain from wanting what he has not, and cheerfully make the best of a bird in the hand-dd- Seneca . Jealousy is information-dd- It tells you what you desire, what you admire, what you despise in yourself-dd- You could learn from the person you envy if you weren’t blinded by resentment-dd- Learning feels better than loathing-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You don’t really see the person that you are envious of-dd- You see a mirror that reflects what you find lacking in yourself-dd- Paying attention to this can be very instructional-dd- We often despise in others what we wish we could find in ourselves-dd- The Stoic Emperor . As iron is eaten by rust, so are the envious consumed by envy-dd- Antisthenes . Jealousy is the very reverse of understanding, of sympathy, and of generous feeling-dd- Never has jealousy added to character, never does it make the individual big and fine-dd- Emma Goldman . A little jealousy can be a good thing, for we may be reminded to appreciate what we have-dd- Shane Parrish . You’re subject to sorrow, fear, jealousy, anger and inconsistency-dd- That’s the real reason you should admit that you are not wise-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Keep your attention focused entirely on what is truly your own concern, and be clear that what belongs to others is their business and none of yours-dd- Epictetus (This is one of my favorite jealousy quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Jealousy is all the fun you think they had-dd- Erica Jong . Jealousy is the most dreadfully involuntary of all sins-dd- Iris Murdoch . Jealousy is an ugly emotion, but it tells the truth-dd- You mostly envy those who have what you desire-dd- Susan Cain . Envy is a declaration of inferiority-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . For most of us, envy is the basis of our actions; remove envy and we feel we are lost-dd- All our effort is towards success, and in that there is envy; behind that envy there is fear-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Envy is the art of counting the other fellow’s blessings instead of your own-dd- Harold Coffin . The wicked envy and hate; it is their way of admiring-dd- Victor Hugo . Oh, what a bitter thing it is to look into happiness through another man’s eyes-dd- William Shakespeare . Transform jealousy to admiration, and what you admire will become part of your life-dd- Yoko Ono . Anger, hatred and jealousy never solve problems, only affection, concern and respect can do that-dd- Dalai Lama . Jealousy is a miserable feeling-dd- It means you aspire to something that you cannot have-dd- Sophia Loren . Jealousy in romance is like salt in food-dd- A little can enhance the savor, but too much can spoil the pleasure and, under certain circumstances, can be life-threatening-dd- Maya Angelou . Jealousy, an eminently credulous and suspicious passion, allows fancy the greatest possible play-dd- But it does not bestow wit, it banishes all sense-dd- Honoré de Balzac . When you wake up in the morning, tell yourself: The people I deal with today will be meddling, ungrateful, arrogant, dishonest, jealous and surely… None of them can hurt me-dd- Don’t waste the rest of your time here worrying about other people… It will keep you from doing anything useful-dd- Why do you not rather act than complain-qq- Marcus Aurelius . Envy is ignorance, imitation is suicide-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Everybody pities the weak; jealousy you have to earn-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . Every time a friend succeeds, I die a little-dd- Gore Vidal . Envy blinds men and makes it impossible for them to think clearly-dd- Malcolm X . If you find happiness, people may be jealous-dd- Be happy anyway-dd- Mother Teresa . Envy creates silent enemies-dd- Robert Greene . Never outshine the master-dd- Robert Greene . Envy is the central fact of American life-dd- Gore Vidal . Our culture is based on envy-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Nothing brings on jealousy like laughter-dd- Françoise Sagan . Envy aims very high-dd- Ovid . It is better to be envied than pitied-dd- Herodotus . You can’t be yourself within jealousy-dd- Toba Beta . It’s a completely useless emotion – jealousy-dd- I don’t go there-dd- Joy Behar . Envy is an insult to oneself-dd- Yevgeny Yevtushenko . Envy motivates a lot of people-dd- Shia LaBeouf . Jealousy is an inner consciousness of one’s own inferiority-dd- It is a mental cancer-dd- B-dd- C-dd- Forbes . O jealousy-xx- thou magnifier of trifles-dd- Johann Christoph Friedrich von Schiller . Jealousy is the jaundice of the soul-dd- John Dryden . Nothing is as obnoxious as other people’s luck-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . Envy suggests inferiority-dd- Wayne Gerard Trotman . The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch-dd- Jim Rohn . Growth will convert your doubters better than verbal defensiveness-dd- Outgrow your critics in every sense-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Envy comes from people’s ignorance of, or lack of belief in, their own gifts-dd- Jean Vanier . Everyone experiences bouts of jealousy; but the dignified person conceals it, while the vulgar one acts upon it-dd- Ibn Taymiyyah . You are jealous because you are unaware that everything you need is inside you-dd- Peter Deunov . One of the most powerful lessons in life is to recognize that no one can give you power, and many people don’t want you to have it-dd- You have to find the courage to seize it, own it and hold on-xx- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Negative emotions like loneliness, envy, and guilt have an important role to play in a happy life; they’re big, flashing signs that something needs to change-dd- Gretchen Rubin . Five enemies of peace inhabit with us – avarice, ambition, envy, anger, and pride; if these were to be banished, we should infallibly enjoy perpetual peace-dd- Petrarch . Afflictive emotions – our jealousy, anger, hatred, fear – can be put to an end-dd- When you realize that these emotions are only temporary, that they always pass on like clouds in the sky, you also realize they can ultimately be abandoned-dd- Dalai Lama . The best way to avoid envy is to deserve the success you get-dd- Aristotle . Love may be blind but jealousy has 20-20 vision-dd- Anonymous . I envy people who drink – at least they know what to blame everything on-dd- Oscar Levant . If the grass is greener on the other side of the fence, you can bet the water bill is higher-dd- Debbie Macomber . Welcome to the wonderful world of jealousy, he thought-dd- For the price of admission, you get a splitting headache, a nearly irresistible urge to commit murder, and an inferiority complex-dd- Yippee-dd- J-dd-R-dd- Ward . My wife’s jealousy is getting ridiculous-dd- The other day she looked at my calendar and wanted to know who May was-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . A jealous woman does better research than FBI-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Jealousy implies dissatisfaction with what you are-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Jealousy is a keen observer, but looks for all the wrong signs-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . Pride, envy, avarice – these are the sparks have set on fire the hearts of all men-dd- Dante Alighieri . Facebook just sounds like a drag, in my day seeing pictures of peoples vacations was considered a punishment-dd- Betty White . We are always trying to become something else-dd- We are always trying to become noble, to become a hero, an example, an ideal; and if we really go behind this urge to become, we will find that there is envy and that behind that envy there is fear, the fear of what one is-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Throughout life, from childhood, from school until we die, we are taught to compare ourselves with another; yet when I compare myself with another I am destroying myself-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . As we are — the world is-dd- That is, if we are greedy, envious, competitive, our society will be competitive, envious, greedy, which brings misery and war-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Jealousy – that jumble of secret worship and ostensible aversion-dd- Emil Cioran . Envy, if surrounded on all sides by the brightness of another’s prosperity, like the scorpion confined within a circle of fire, will sting itself to death-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Envy lurks at the bottom of the human heart like a viper in its hole-dd- Honoré de Balzac . Jealousy can open the blood, it can make black roses-dd- Sylvia Plath . Now think of the things which goad man into destroying man: they are hope, envy, hatred, fear and contempt-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Yet he was jealous, though he did not show it, for jealousy dislikes the world to know it-dd- Lord Byron . Jealousy is always born with love, but does not die with it-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . In jealousy there is more of self-love than of love to another-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . I thought that jealousy was an idea-dd- It isn’t-dd- It’s a pain-dd- But I didn’t feel as they do in a Broadway melodrama-dd- I didn’t want to kill anybody-dd- I just wanted to die-dd- Floyd Dell . Jealousy sees things always with magnifying glasses which make little things large, of dwarfs giants, of suspicions truths-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . The jealous are possessed by a mad devil and a dull spirit at the same time-dd- Johann Kaspar Lavater . More men die of jealousy than of cancer-dd- Joseph P-dd- Kennedy . Jealousy is one of the wickedest of all the passions-dd- But reprehensible though it is, jealousy is almost rather to be pitied than blamed – its first victims are those who harbor the feeling-dd- Arthur Lynch . The bitter often band together into anti-support groups, conspiring to ensure no one succeeds-dd- Forward momentum is stamped out quickly by the ambient sense of disapproval-dd- Individual growth threatens the communal cover story-dd- “If you can progress, what does that say about me-qq-” The Stoic Emperor . Jealousy or a zero-sum view of success, someone else getting all the attention-dd- Jerry Neumann . The lovesick, the betrayed, and the jealous all smell alike-dd- Colette . Jealousy is no more than feeling alone against smiling enemies-dd- Elizabeth Bowen . The envious die not once, but as oft as the envied win applause-dd- Baltasar Gracian . Of the seven deadly sins, only envy is no fun at all-dd- Joseph Epstein . The little “me” is jealous-dd- The true self is content-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Don’t be envious-dd- Be inspired-dd- Thibaut . It’s such a poisonous emotion because, at the end of the day, you’re no better off, you’re unhappier, and the person you’re jealous of is still successful or good-looking or whatever they are-dd- Naval Ravikant . Do you want to be that person with all of their reactions, their desires, their family, their happiness level, their outlook on life, and their self image-qq- If you’re not willing to do a whole sale, 24/7, 100% swap with who that person is, then there’s no point in being jealous-dd- Naval Ravikant . Envy and jealousy are the private parts of the human soul-dd- Perhaps the comparison can be extended-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Jealousy is beautiful only on a young and ardent face-dd- After the first wrinkles, trust must return-dd- Alfred Capus . Jealousy is both reasonable and belongs to reasonable men, while envy is base and belongs to the base, for the one makes himself get good things by jealousy, while the other does not allow his neighbor to have them through envy-dd- Aristotle . Envy shoots at others and wounds itself-dd- English proverb . When you criticize someone, see if you are doing it out of envy-dd- Your criticism reveals more about yourself than you realize-dd- Haemin Sunim . When you show yourself to the world and display your talents, you naturally stir all kinds of resentment, envy, and other manifestations of insecurity… you cannot spend your life worrying about the petty feelings of others-dd- Robert Greene . Appearing better than others is always dangerous, but most dangerous of all is to appear to have no faults or weaknesses-dd- Envy creates silent enemies-dd- It is smart to occasionally display defects, and admit to harmless vices, in order to deflect envy and appear more approachable-dd- Robert Greene . Envy among other ingredients has a mixture of the love of justice in it-dd- We are more angry at undeserved than at deserved good-fortune-dd- William Hazlitt . We experience envy when the quality we feel inferior about threatens our self-concept-dd- Shane Parrish . Envy of others is always a reflection of something we feel about ourselves-dd- Shane Parrish . It is not love that is blind, but jealousy-dd- Lawrence Durrell . The chief barrier to happiness is envy-dd- Frank Tyger . Don’t compare your life to others-dd- You have no idea what they have been through-dd- Sam Cawthorn . I don’t want to be anybody else-dd- I’m perfectly happy being me-dd- Naval Ravikant . Unhappy people compare-dd- Happy people don’t care-dd- Maxime Lagacé . A mind that is envious can never be tranquil because it is always comparing, always trying to become something which it is not-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Be content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are-dd- When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you-dd- Lao Tzu . No man likes to be surpassed by those of his own level-dd- Titus Livy . With a few flowers in my garden, half a dozen pictures and some books, I live without envy-dd- Lope de Vega . Don’t torment yourself with jealousy-dd- It’s a silly illusion that someone’s life is better than yours when the truth is that each one of us is on a different path-dd- Demi Lovato . Envy and jealousy are very harmful because you are never ever satisfied with what you have and you never reflect on what you have-dd- You constantly live your life on what you do not have-dd- Tsem Tulku . Even jealousy is based on fantasies: a fantasy that someone else has what belongs to you-dd- Anna Deavere Smith . Jealousy works against you-dd- It takes control away from you, hands it over to the opposition-dd- Maintain control-dd- Ellen Hopkins . Happiness is found when you stop comparing yourself to others-dd- Unknown . The desire to change yourself breeds envy, jealousy; whereas, in the understanding of what you are, there is a transformation of what you are-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . If you are inwardly rich, there is no need to show off, because that in itself is beautiful-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . If the mind is capable of looking at what is without comparison, without judgment, without the desire to alter it into something else, then you will see that there comes a kind of contentment which is not of the mind-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . We are discontented with what is, discontented with things which we have, with what we are; and the discontent arises because of comparison-dd- I am discontented because I see you are learned, rich, happy, powerful-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . According to the Buddha’s teachings, the most basic condition for happiness is freedom-dd- Here we do not mean political freedom, but freedom from the mental formations of anger, despair, jealousy, and delusion-dd- These mental formations are described by the Buddha as poisons-dd- As long as these poisons are still in our heart, happiness cannot be possible-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more-dd- If you concentrate on what you don’t have, you will never, ever have enough-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Envy ought to have no place allowed it in the heart of man; for the goods of this present world are so vile and low that they are beneath it, and those of the future world are so vast and exalted that they are above it-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have-dd- Socrates . You must love in such a way that the person feels free-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If our love is only a will to possess, it is not love-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . The best life is the one in which the creative impulses play the largest part and the possessive impulses the smallest-dd- Bertrand Russell . Where there is comparison and possessiveness there is jealousy-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . At the heart of feelings of jealousy lies our need to feel needed-dd- Shane Parrish . What is always true for jealousy, unlike envy, is that it involves a triangle of relationships between the self, the partner and the rival-dd- Shane Parrish . Chains do not hold a marriage together-dd- It is thread, hundreds of tiny threads which sew people together through the years-dd- Simone Signoret . If you love someone, set them free, if they love you, they’ll come back-dd- Esther Perel . Jealousy is not contemptible, real love has a beak and claws-dd- Simone de Beauvoir . To be mature is, we’re told, to move beyond possessiveness-dd- Jealousy is for babies-dd- The mature person knows that no one owns anyone-dd- Alain De Botton . Jealousy can even be good for love-dd- One partner may feel secretly flattered when the other is mildly jealous-dd- And catching someone flirting with your beloved can spark the kind of lust and romance that reignites a relationship-dd- Helen Fisher . Love may exist without jealousy, although this is rare: but jealousy may exist without love, and this is common; for jealousy can feed on that which is bitter no less than on that which is sweet, and is sustained by pride as often as by affection-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Jealousy is the fear of losing the thing you love most-dd- It’s very normal-dd- Suspicion is the thing that’s abnormal-dd- Jerry Hall . Jealousy is a disease, love is a healthy condition-dd- The immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy – in fact, they are almost incompatible; one emotion hardly leaves room for the other-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Though jealousy be produced by love, as ashes are by fire, yet jealousy extinguishes love as ashes smother the flame-dd- Marguerite de Navarre . Jealousy is the lifelong noose hanging about the neck of love-dd- Caitlin Thomas . Attachment is the root cause of all misery-dd- Possessiveness is nourishment for the ego-dd- Osho . Jealousy is indeed a poor medium to secure love, but it is a secure medium to destroy one-dd- Emma Goldman . Marriage and its entourage of possession and jealousy enslave the spirit-dd- Irvin D-dd- Yalom . Love looks through a telescope; envy, through a microscope-dd- Josh Billings . Jealousy, that dragon which slays love under the pretence of keeping it alive-dd- Havelock Ellis . Jealousy is that pain which a man feels from the apprehension that he is not equally beloved by the person whom he entirely loves-dd- Joseph Addison . Possessiveness reflects the fear of losing-dd- Abhi . Jealousy would be far less torturous if we understood that love is a passion entirely unrelated to our merits-dd- Paul Eldridge . You call it “jealousy”-dd- I call it “fear of losing you”-dd- Unknown . Jealousy is not so much the love of another as the love of ourselves-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness, of hatred, of jealousy, and, most easily of all, the gate of fear-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr . Jealousy is love in competition-dd- Toba Beta . Where jealousy is, love is not-dd- Idea cannot cover love-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . There is no loss of energy in being in love-dd- The loss of energy is in the tail, in everything that follows — jealousy, possessiveness, suspicion, doubt, the fear of losing that love, the constant demand for reassurance and security-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The happiest person: he enjoys everything without wanting to possess anything-dd- Marty Rubin . He that is not jealous is not in love-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher-dd- Oprah Winfrey . It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered-dd- Aeschylus . Be wary of friends — they will betray you more quickly, for they are easily aroused to envy-dd- Robert Greene . Among real friends there is no rivalry or jealousy of one another, but they are satisfied and contented alike whether they are equal or one of them is superior-dd- Plutarch . There is never any pressure, jealousy or competition but only a quiet calmness when they are around-dd- You can be yourself and not worry about what they will think of you because they love you for who you are-dd- Bob Marley . Many ambitious people hate seeing a friend succeed-dd- Their resentment kills the relationship-dd- This is an error, even from a position of pure self-interest-dd- Successful friends are useful-dd- Surges of envy reveal your desires-dd- The negative feeling originates in you, not the other-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Resentment is like drinking poison and waiting for the other person to die-dd- Carrie Fisher . It is never wise to seek or wish for another’s misfortune-dd- If malice or envy were tangible and had a shape, it would be the shape of a boomerang-dd- Charley Reese . Jealousy is not limited to romantic relationships — jealousy exists between siblings, co-workers and even friends-dd- Shane Parrish . Humans are suspicious and jealous creatures-dd- When they see something perfect, they want to find a flaw-dd- Gosho Aoyama . Mortals are easily tempted to pinch the life out of their neighbor’s buzzing glory, and think that such killing is no murder-dd- George Eliot . If I am all the time measuring myself against you, struggling to be like you, then I am denying what I am myself-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Anger, resentment and jealousy doesn’t change the heart of others – it only changes yours-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . To be discontented with what you are is the very beginning of envy-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Jealousy is the fear or apprehension of superiority: envy our uneasiness under it-dd- William Shenstone . Jealousy is the fire of envy that seeks to destroy another’s beauty, rather than to create its own-dd- Wes Fesler . Jealousy is the fear of comparison-dd- Max Frisch . Don’t compare yourself with anyone in this world-dd- If you do so, you are insulting yourself-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . You can only be jealous of someone who has something you think you ought to have yourself-dd- Margaret Atwood . Comparison is a very foolish attitude, because each person is unique and incomparable-dd- Once this understanding settles in you, jealousy disappears-dd- Osho . Insults and irony are often crutches for the cynical and reactionary-dd- It is easy to attack those who are taking risks or building something-dd- Just don’t be jealous when their risks pay off-dd- Don’t be upset if you aren’t invited into the castle they’ve built-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Learn to deflect envy by drawing attention away from yourself-dd- Develop your sense of self–worth from internal standards and not incessant comparisons-dd- Robert Greene . Do not envy those who seems naturally gifted; it is often a curse-dd- Robert Greene . A lot of people get so hung up on what they can’t have that they don’t think for a second about whether they really want it-dd- Lionel Shriver . The moment there is comparison there must be envy-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . When I want more, not only of the mundane things, of the worldly things but also of love, of beauty, of inward richness, the very movement towards the more, towards the end, towards the thing which you are going to get, has envy behind it-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The very structure of the mind is built on acquisition and envy-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . There is no rest for the person who has envy, and there is no love for the person who has bad manners-dd- Ali ibn Abi Talib . Envy is the tax which all distinction must pay-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Envy is a littleness of soul, which cannot see beyond a certain point, and if it does not occupy the whole space, feels itself excluded-dd- William Hazlitt . Qualities like intelligence, beauty and skills are relative and thus when we compare poorly in comparison to our peers, our self-esteem suffers-dd- Shane Parrish . Much of our self-definition comes from comparison with others-dd- Shane Parrish . Envy, the meanest of vices, creeps on the ground like a serpent-dd- Ovid . Envy is ever joined with the comparing of a man’s self; and where there is no comparison, no envy-dd- Francis Bacon . The best revenge is not to be like your enemy-dd- Marcus Aurelius . To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing and be nothing-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Fame is the penalty of success-dd- Jealousy is the penalty of fame-dd- Sivananda . The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents-dd- Salvador Dalí . Behind every successful person lies a pack of haters-dd- Eminem . Men are so constituted that every one undertakes what he sees another successful in, whether he has aptitude for it or not-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . You have enemies-qq- Good-dd- That means you’ve stood up for something, sometime in your life-dd- Winston Churchill . Of all the passions, jealousy is that which exacts the hardest service, and pays the bitterest wages-dd- Its service is to watch the success of one’s enemy; its wages to be sure of it-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . The jealousy that arises from another’s achievement is overcome by developing an awareness of and admiration for one’s own and other’s achievement-dd- Dalai Lama . When you do well, everybody’s after you, and sometimes the motives are legitimate, and sometimes it’s envy and jealousy-dd- Robert Kraft . #1 gets 90% of the hatred-dd- Most of it has nothing to do with you-dd- People realize they can gain attention by attacking the person with the highest name recognition-dd- Attacking you and feeling superior is easier than learning the lessons from your success-dd- Ignore the noise-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Success is seen as proof of guilt by those with jealous minds and fragile egos-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Obsessing over your enemies will make you more like them-dd- The Stoic Emperor . They will envy you for your success, your wealth, for your intelligence, for your looks, for your status – but rarely for your wisdom-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Know that whoever is trying to bring you down, is already below you-dd- Boonaa Mohammed . When attacked by a moralist persecutor, do not be taken in by their crusade; it is motivated by envy, pure and simple-dd- Robert Greene . Overt power grabs and sharp rises to the top are dangerous, creating envy, distrust, and suspicion-dd- Robert Greene . When emerging from humble beginnings, those around you tend to underestimate your authenticity because they knew you before you were ‘somebody’-dd- Criss Jami . There will always be haters-dd- And the more you grow the more they hate; the more they hate the more you grow-dd- Anthony Liccione . People who can’t stand to see the success of others will never experience their own-dd- Unknown . Haters are just confused admirers because they can’t figure out the reason why everyone loves you-dd- Jeffree Star . The best way to counter-attack a hater is to make it blatantly obvious that their attack has had no impact on you-dd- Tim Ferriss . Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway-dd- You’ll be damned if you do, and damned if you don’t-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . If you’re trying to show off for people at the top, forget it-dd- They will look down on you anyhow-dd- And if you’re trying to show off for people at the bottom, forget it-dd- They will only envy you-dd- Status will get you nowhere-dd- Only an open heart will allow you to float equally between everyone-dd- Mitch Albom . Stop comparing and start creating-dd- Brian Norgard . A man is about as big as the things that make him angry-dd- Winston Churchill . Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time-dd- Drake . Envy is the mother of massacres-dd- The Stoic Emperor . To cure jealousy is to see it for what it is, a dissatisfaction with self-dd- Joan Didion . The worst thing about jealousy is how low it makes you reach-dd- Erica Jong . Jealousy endlessly eats through my mind, and jealously endlessly makes me be unkind-dd- Lou Reed . Envy is the coward side of hate, and all her ways are bleak and desolate-dd- Henry Abbey . Love sees sharply, hatred sees even more sharp, but jealousy sees the sharpest for it is love and hate at the same time-dd- Arab proverb . When someone criticizes you, train to immediately ask yourself: “Would I rather be him/her, or I’d rather be me-qq-” before taking the remark at face value-dd- It works wonders-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Guaranteed prescriptions for misery: Substance Abuse-dd- Being unreliable-dd- Resentment-dd- Envy-dd- Seeking vengeance-dd- Inability to learn from the mistakes of others-dd- Inability to handle failure-dd- Shane Parrish . Never make this mistake of thinking that you elevate yourself by humiliating people-dd- Robert Greene . Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love-dd- George Eliot . Jealousy is bred in doubts-dd- When those doubts change into certainties, then the passion either ceases or turns absolute madness-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . Most haters are stuck in a poisonous mental prison of jealousy and self-doubt that blinds them to their own potentiality-dd- Steve Maraboli . Hatred is active, and envy passive dislike; there is but one step from envy to hate-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Envious sabotage likes to masquerade as principled criticism-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Often those that criticize others reveal what he himself lacks-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . The jealous are troublesome to others, but a torment to themselves-dd- William Penn . Jealousy is the result of one’s lack of self-confidence, self-worth, and self-acceptance-dd- Sasha Azevedo . Those who feel inferior and insecure will often hide it with a mask of discerning superiority-dd- They hope this affect will fool the credulous into thinking a stance taken out of envy is instead a position of singular sophistication and purity-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Jealousy is not a barometer by which the depth of love can be read-dd- It merely records the degree of the lover’s insecurity-dd- Margaret Mead . Jealousy is indeed a poor medium to secure love, but it is a secure medium to destroy one’s self-respect-dd- For jealous people, like dope-fiends, stoop to the lowest level and in the end inspire only disgust and loathing-dd- Emma Goldman . Envy is a symptom of lack of appreciation of our own uniqueness and self-worth-dd- Each of us has something to give that no one else has-dd- Elizabeth O’Connor . Those who are believed to be most abject and humble are usually most ambitious and envious-dd- Baruch Spinoza . Man is jealous because of his amour-propre; woman is jealous because of her lack of it-dd- Germaine Greer . Jealousy is a form a hatred built upon insecurity-dd- Unknown . Jealousy is simply and clearly the fear that you do not have value-dd- Jealousy scans for evidence to prove the point – that others will be preferred and rewarded more than you-dd- There is only one alternative – self-value-dd- If you cannot love yourself, you will not believe that you are loved-dd- You will always think it’s a mistake or luck-dd- Take your eyes off others and turn the scanner within-dd- Find the seeds of your jealousy, clear the old voices and experiences-dd- Put all the energy into building your personal and emotional security-dd- Then you will be the one others envy, and you can remember the pain and reach out to them-dd- Jennifer James . I’ve spent most of my life walking under that hovering cloud, jealousy, whose acid raindrops blurred my vision and burned holes in my heart-dd- Once I learned to use the umbrella of confidence, the skies cleared up for me and the sunshine called joy became my faithful companion-dd- Astrid Alauda . Insecure people only eclipse your sun because they’re jealous of your daylight and tired of their dark, starless nights-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . If you are insecure, guess what-qq- The rest of the world is too-dd- Do not overestimate the competition and underestimate yourself-dd- You are better than you think-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Blessed is he who has learned to admire but not envy, to follow but not imitate, to praise but not flatter, and to lead but not manipulate-dd- William Arthur Ward . Brothers aren’t simply close; brothers are knit together-dd- Robert Rivers . United we stand, divided we fall-dd- Aesop . The mystical bond of brotherhood makes all men brothers-dd- Thomas Carlyle . There is no love like the love for a brother-dd- There is no love like the love from a brother-dd- Astrid Alauda . The beauty of genuine brotherhood and peace is more precious than diamonds or silver or gold-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for a difficult time-dd- Proverbs 17:17 . The crest and crowning of all good, life’s final star, is brotherhood-dd- Edwin Markham . Because brothers don’t let each other wander in the dark alone-dd- Jolene Perry . The universal brotherhood of man is our most precious possession-dd- Mark Twain . There is no time like the old time, when you and I were young-xx- Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr . Never make a companion equal to a brother-dd- Hesiod . A sibling is the lens through which you see your childhood-dd- Ann Hood . Half the time when brothers wrestle, it’s just an excuse to hug each other-dd- James Patterson . When brothers agree, no fortress is so strong as their common life-dd- Antisthenes . If thy brother wrongs thee, remember not so much his wrong-doing, but more than ever that he is thy brother-dd- Epictetus . Brothers are what best friends can never be-dd- Unknown . A friend is a brother who was once a bother-dd- Unknown . My father used to play with my brother and me in the yard-dd- Mother would come out and say, “You’re tearing up the grass”-dd- “We’re not raising grass,” Dad would reply-dd- “We’re raising boys”-dd- Harmon Kellebrew . Your brother is always the first male friend you will have in your life-dd- Ritu Ghatourey . When your son grows up, become his brother-dd- Arabic proverb . True brothers are never blood-related-dd- But born of the spirit-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . Our brothers and sisters are there with us from the dawn of our personal stories to the inevitable dusk-dd- Susan Scarf Merrell . A brother is a friend God gave you; A friend is a brother your heart chose-dd- Unknown . Stop for a moment and realize how lucky you are to have one-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Once a brother, always a brother, no matter the distance, no matter the difference and no matter the issue-dd- Byron Pulsifer . The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s life-dd- Richard Bach . Do you know what friendship is… it is to be brother and sister; two souls which touch without mingling, two fingers on one hand-dd- Victor Hugo . You are not my friend, you are my brother, my friend-dd- Jaroslaw Jarzabowski . The bond that binds us is beyond choice-dd- We are brothers-dd- We are brothers in what we share-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . Equality lies only in human moral dignity… Let there be brothers first, then there will be brotherhood, and only then will there be a fair sharing of goods among brothers-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . He is my most beloved friend and my bitterest rival, my confidant and my betrayer, my sustainer and my dependent, and scariest of all, my equal-dd- Gregg Levoy . We may look old and wise to the outside world-dd- But to each other, we are still in junior school-dd- Charlotte Gray . When I had money everyone called me brother-dd- Polish proverb . It takes two men to make one brother-dd- Israel Zangwill . A brother is a gift to the heart, a friend to the spirit-dd- Unknown (This is one of my favorite brother quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Keep on loving one another as brothers and sisters-dd- Hebrews 13:1 . Every person whether he is Hindu, Muslim or Buddhist, he is my brother, my sister-dd- Mother Teresa . My brother is worth a thousand of your friend-dd- Cersei Lannister (Game Of Thrones) . As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live-dd- John Paul II . We have flown the air like birds and swum the sea like fishes, but have yet to learn the simple act of walking the earth like brothers-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . I believe in the brotherhood of all men, but I don’t believe in wasting brotherhood on anyone who doesn’t want to practice it with me-dd- Brotherhood is a two-way street-dd- Malcolm X . It’s better that we feel something for each other rather than behave like corpses toward one another, the more so because as long as one has no real right to be called a corpse by being legally dead, it smacks of hypocrisy or at least childishness to pose as such-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . Oh, brothers-xx- I don’t care for brothers-dd- My elder brother won’t die, and my younger brothers seem never to do anything else-dd- Oscar Wilde . Most families had four, five brothers-dd- But because it was just me and Darryl, we had to be twice as strong-dd- Barry White . My brother Bob doesn’t want to be in government – he promised Dad he’d go straight-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . There’s a lot of times that both myself and my brother wish, obviously, that we were just completely normal-dd- Prince Harry . We came into the world like brother and brother, and now let’s go hand in hand, not one before another-dd- William Shakespeare . Man lives freely only by his readiness to die, if need be, at the hands of his brother, never by killing him-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Everyone knows that if you’ve got a brother, you’re going to fight-dd- Liam Gallagher (Oasis) . My big brother still thinks he’s a better singer than me-dd- Rod Stewart . My brother is really, really slow-dd- Usain Bolt . It’s rare to have a best friend who is also your brother and also an NFL football player, and he knows exactly what I’m talking about-dd- Eli Manning . I’m the opposite of jealous-dd- Eli Manning . Imitation is obviously a great form of flattery-dd- Peyton Manning . I’m the best Manning-dd- Peyton Manning . Big Brother is watching you-dd- George Orwell . Look how good and how pleasant it is when brothers live together in unity-xx- Psalm 133:1 . A brother may not be a friend, but a friend will always be a brother-dd- Benjamin Franklin . In time of test, family is best-dd- Burmese proverb . A brother is a friend given by Nature-dd- Jean Baptiste Legouve . It is our suffering that brings us together-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . God blesses him who helps his brother-dd- Ahmad Shah Massood . Your brother is your alter ego-dd- Your friend and sometimes your hero-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Because I have a brother I’ll always have a friend-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . There’s no buddy like a brother-dd- Unknown . Brothers make the best friends-dd- Unknown . Everything I am, you helped me be-dd- Unknown . We’re all just walking each other home-dd- Ram Dass . All men are brothers-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . Two happy days are seldom brothers-dd- Bulgarian proverb . Silence is a brother of delight-dd- Arabic proverb . Let brotherly love continue-dd- Hebrews 13:1 . Maybe one is enough-dd- Swati Avasthi . Help your brother’s boat across, and your own will reach the shore-dd- Hindu proverb . Treat your superior as a father, your equal as a brother, and your inferior as a son-dd- Persian proverb . To become truly great, one has to stand with people, not above them-dd- Baron de Montesquieu . To the outside world we all grow old-dd- But not to brothers and sisters-dd- We know each other as we always were-dd- We know each other’s hearts-dd- We share private family jokes-dd- We remember family feuds and secrets, family griefs and joys-dd- We live outside the touch of time-dd- Unknown . He will make you cry but also make you laugh-dd- He will make you scream but also dream-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I believe in one thing, that only a life lived for others is a life worth living-dd- Albert Einstein . Sibling relationships – and 80% of Americans have at least one – outlast marriages, survive the death of parents, resurface after quarrels that would sink any friendship-dd- They flourish in a thousand incarnations of distance and closeness, warmth, loyalty and distrust-dd- Erica E-dd- Goode . Brothers don’t necessarily have to say anything to each other – they can sit in a room and be together and just be completely comfortable with each other-dd- Leonardo DiCaprio . I sought my soul, but my soul I could not see-dd- I sought my God, but my God eluded me-dd- I sought my brother and I found all three-dd- Unknown . We cannot live only for ourselves-dd- A thousand fibers connect us with our fellow men; and among those fibers, as sympathetic threads, our actions run as causes, and they come back to us as effects-dd- Herman Melville . Sisters and brothers are the truest, purest forms of love, family and friendship, knowing when to hold you and when to challenge you, but always being a part of you-dd- Carol Ann Albright Eastman . You don’t choose your family-dd- They are God’s gift to you, as you are to them-dd- Desmond Tutu . Grant us brotherhood, not only for this day but for all our years – a brotherhood not of words but of acts and deeds-dd- Stephen Vincent Benet . Son, brother, father, lover, friend-dd- There is room in the heart for all the affections, as there is room in heaven for all the stars-dd- Victor Hugo . If you want to do really important things in life and big things in life, you can’t do anything by yourself-dd- And your best teams are your friends and your siblings-dd- Deepak Chopra . Will you be there for him if he needs you-qq- Of course-dd- Should you love him without question-qq- Absolutely-dd- David Levithan . We should all lend a helping hand to those in need as we are all brothers and sisters-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . All are brothers and sisters-dd- All are one, be alike to everyone-dd- That is unity-dd- Sathya Sai Baba . The world is now too small for anything but brotherhood-dd- A-dd- Powell Davies . I can get another husband but never another brother-dd- Corsican proverb . I’m the oldest, I make the rules-dd- I’m in the middle, I’m the reason we have rules-dd- I’m the youngest the rules don’t apply to me-dd- Unknown-dd- . You and I are brothers-dd- Always remember that if you fall, I will pick you up… after I finish laughing-dd- Unknown . My other brother-in-law died-dd- He was a karate expert, then joined the army-dd- The first time he saluted, he killed himself-dd- Henny Youngman . Brothers are children of the same parents, each of whom is perfectly normal until they get together-dd- Sam Levenson . Home is wherever my bunch of crazies are-dd- Unknown . I smile because you’re my brother and I laugh because there is nothing you can do about it-dd- Unknown (See also: smiling quotes) . It is impossible to keep a small boy in the house, even in the worst weather, unless he has a sister to torment-dd- Mary Wilson Little . My sister was drowning in the ocean once, and my brother and I dove in and saved her-dd- True story-dd- She owes us her life-dd- It’s great leverage; we abuse it all the time-xx- Matt Barr . When I look at each of my brothers, I see two things-dd- First, I see the next place I want to leave a rosy welt-dd- Second, I see a good man who will always be there, no matter how hard life gets for me or him-dd- Then, I get out of the way because I realize he’s coming at me with a wet dish towel-dd- Dan Pearce . Big Brother is watching… look busy-dd- Brandon Boyd . The best way to get a puppy is to beg for a baby brother – and they’ll settle for a puppy every time-dd- Winston Pendelton . I grew up with six brothers-dd- That’s how I learned to dance – waiting for the bathroom-dd- Bob Hope . I want to be the white man’s brother, not his brother-in-law-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . At the narrow passage, there is no brother and no friend-dd- Bedouin proverb . A trial between brothers has no winners or losers-dd- Ekonda proverb . None of you believes until he wishes for his brother what he wishes for himself-dd- Prophet Muhammad . You can swim towards your brother but the river of life will decide whether or not you get closer-dd- Just be content that you tried and grateful if you succeed-dd- Maxime Lagacé . A sibling may be the keeper of one’s identity, the only person with the keys to one’s unfettered, more fundamental self-dd- Marian Sandmaier . One can be a brother only in something-dd- Where there is no tie that binds men, men are not united but merely lined up-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . We don’t need holy wars-dd- What we need is tolerance and brotherhood and simple humanity-dd- Arlen Specter . There is always a chance that he who sets himself up as his brother’s keeper will end up by being his jail-keeper-dd- Eric Hoffer . Three brothers, three fortresses-dd- Portuguese proverb . Sleep is the brother of death-dd- Chinese proverb . Brotherhood is the very price and condition of man’s survival-dd- Carlos P-dd- Romulo . When you deal with your brother, be pleasant, but get a witness-dd- Hesiod . If we are not our brother’s keeper, at least let us not be his executioner-dd- Marlon Brando . There is a destiny which makes us brothers; none goes his way alone-dd- All that we send into the lives of others comes back into our own-dd- Edwin Markham . We do not want the men of another color for our brothers-in-law, but we do want them for our brothers-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . Until blacks and whites see each other as brother and sister, we will not have parity-dd- It’s very clear-dd- Maya Angelou . But if anyone has the world’s goods and sees his brother in need, yet closes his heart against him, how does God’s love abide in him-qq- 1 John 3:17 . A brother is like gold and a friend is like diamond-dd- If gold cracks you can melt it and make it just like it was before-dd- If a diamond cracks, it can never be like it was before-dd- Ali Ibn Abi Talib . People are of two types: they are either your brothers in faith or your equals in humanity-dd- Ali Ibn Abi Talib . Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother-dd- Khalil Gibran . A bad brother is far better than no brother-dd- Swahili proverb . If your brother is rich it doesn’t mean you’re rich-dd- African proverb . A quarrel between brothers costs soul and life-dd- Swedish proverb . Either men will learn to live like brothers, or they will die like beasts-dd- Max Lerner . The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother-dd- Charles Dickens . Once we meet and talk, we are brothers and sisters-dd- Japanese proverb . Your parents leave you too soon and your kids and spouse come along late, but your siblings know you when you when you are in your most inchoate form-dd- Jeffrey Kluger . Better is a neighbour that is near than a brother far off-dd- Romanian proverb . The camel never sees his own hump, but that of his brother is always in his eyes-dd- Moroccan proverb . A good friend is worth more than a bad brother-dd- Croatian proverb . Respect among brothers is the purest form of love-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Our most bitter enemies are our own kith and kin-dd- Kings have no brothers, no sons, no mother-xx- Honore De Balzac . You must recognize that the way to get the good out of your brother and your sister is not to return evil for evil-dd- Louis Farrakhan . If you want to know how your girl will treat you after marriage, just listen to her talking to her little brother-dd- Sami Levenson . I know there is strength in the differences between us-dd- I know there is comfort where we overlap-dd- Ani DiFranco . Remember upon the conduct of each depends the fate of all-dd- Alexander the Great . He who understands you is greater kin to you than your own brother-dd- For even your own kindred neither understand you nor know your true worth-dd- Kahlil Gibran . All men were made by the Great Spirit Chief-dd- They are all brothers-dd- Chief Joseph . Brothers and sisters are as close as hands and feet-dd- Vietnamese proverb . It is better to host a good stranger than a bad brother-dd- African proverb . A sin against a brother or sister is an offence against the gods-dd- African proverb . Finally, all of you must live in harmony, be sympathetic, love as brothers, and be compassionate and humble-dd- 1 Peter 3:8 . Moreover if your brother shall trespass against you, go and tell him his fault between you and him alone-dd- Matthew 18:15 . If your brother or sister sins, go and point out their fault, just between the two of you-dd- If they listen to you, you have won them over-dd- Matthew 18:15 . We are all equal in the fact that we are all different-dd- We are all the same in the fact that we will never be the same-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent-dd- John Donne . When we turn to one another for counsel we reduce the number of our enemies-dd- Kahlil Gibran . You need a brother, without one you’re like a person rushing to battle without a weapon-dd- Arabic proverb . Your brother is who gives you a honest advice-dd- Arabic proverb . Good brotherhood is the best wealth-dd- Russian proverb . Siblings by chance-dd- Friends by choice-dd- Unknown . Be near your brothers-dd- Not just one, but both of them-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . Words are a pretext-dd- It is the inner bond that draws one person to another, not words-dd- Rumi . A friend forgives quicker than enemy, and family forgives quicker than a friend-dd- Amit Kalantri . The most important thing between brothers is not that they quarrel or not but that no matter what, they bond and care for each other-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I, who have no sisters or brothers, look with some degree of innocent envy on those who may be said to be born to friends-dd- James Boswell . Brother: a person who is there when you need him; someone who picks you up when you fall; a person who sticks up for you when no one else will; a brother is always a friend-dd- Unknown . I, who have no sisters or brothers, look with some degree of innocent envy on those who may be said to be born to friends-dd- James Boswell . I hold this to be the highest task for a bond between two people: that each protects the solitude of the other-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . A man with many friends can still be ruined, but a true friend sticks closer than a brother-dd- Proverbs 18:24 . Brotherhood is not just a Bible word-dd- Out of comradeship can come and will come the happy life for all-dd- Heywood Broun . If the whole of mankind is to be united into one brotherhood, all obstacles must be removed so that men, all over the surface of the globe, should be as children playing in a garden-dd- Maria Montessori . Being brother and sister means being there for each other-dd- Unknown (See also: How to Have a Better Relationship With a Younger Brother) . Not always eye to eye, but always heart to heart-dd- Unknown . I can’t promise to solve all your problems, but I can promise you won’t have to face them alone-dd- Unknown . If you age with somebody, you go through so many roles – you’re lovers, friends, enemies, colleagues, strangers; you’re brother and sister-dd- That’s what intimacy is, if you’re with your soulmate-dd- Cate Blanchett . Never hold resentments for the person who tells you what you need to hear; count them among your truest, most caring, and valuable friends-dd- Mike Norton . The bittersweet about truth is that nothing could be more hurtful, yet nothing could be more helpful-dd- Mike Norton . I love you, my brother, whoever you are – whether you worship in a church, kneel in your temple, or pray in your mosque-dd- Kahlil Gibran . There’s a drive in a lost soul—in one that is searching for acceptance, companionship, belonging, whatever you want to call it-dd- The slightest coincidence ignites a spark that one hopes will lead to something meaningful-dd- Doug Cooper . When you are a member of an organization, life isn’t only about you-dd- As part of a circle of people who depend on one another, you watch one another’s back and remain loyal to the concept of brotherhood-dd- Sonny Barger . Brotherhood means laying down your life for somebody, really willing to sacrifice yourself for somebody else-dd- Tim Hetherington . If we desire a society in which men are brothers, then we must act towards one another with brotherhood-dd- If we can build such a society, then we would have achieved the ultimate goal of human freedom-dd- Bayard Rustin . The practice of charity will bind us – will bind all men in one great brotherhood-dd- Conrad Hilton . A sympathetic friend can be quite as dear as a brother-dd- Homer . The strength of a family, like the strength of an army, is in its loyalty to each other-dd- Mario Puzo . Sometimes being a brother is even better than being a superhero-dd- Marc Brown . I’m so proud of you that it makes me proud of me-dd- I hope you know that-dd- John Green . How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes-xx- Maya Angelou . Without my big brother I probably literally wouldn’t be here-dd- Mikey Way . Some have more than one example to look up to-dd- Others have only their brother-dd- Maxime Lagacé . A true hero isn’t measured by the size of his strength but by the strength of his heart-dd- Hercules . A hero is someone who steps up when everyone else backs down-dd- Unknown . I don’t want to be your hero-dd- I want to be your brother-dd- You know, I want to be your family member-dd- I want to be your equal-dd- Tom Shadyac . The legacy of heroes is the memory of a great name and the inheritance of a great example-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . The hero draws inspiration from the virtue of his ancestors-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . A good example is far better than a good precept-dd- Dwight L-dd- Moody . There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up-dd- John Holmes . It’s faith in something and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr . Inspiring conduct has so much more of an impact than coercing it-dd- Thomas Friedman . A kind gesture can reach a wound that only compassion can heal-dd- Steve Maraboli . What you do has far greater impact that what you say-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . The true meaning of life is to plant trees, under whose shade you do not expect to sit-dd- Nelson Henderson . I think a hero is any person really intent on making this a better place for all people-dd- Maya Angelou . A hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles-dd- Christopher Reeve . The thing with brothers is, you’re supposed to take turns being the keeper-dd- Sometimes you get to sit down and be the brother who is kept-dd- Orson Scott Card . Being his real brother I could feel I live in his shadows, but I never have and I do not now-dd- I live in his glow-dd- Michael Morpurgo . In the progress of personality, first comes a declaration of independence, then a recognition of interdependence-dd- Henry van Dyke Jr . A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for a time of adversity-dd- Proverbs 17:17 . Be devoted to one another in brotherly love; give preference to one another in honor-dd- Romans 12:10 . Honor all people, love the brotherhood, fear God, honor the king-dd- 1 Peter 2:17 . No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another-dd- Charles Dickens . He has a right to criticize, who has a heart to help-dd- Abraham Lincoln . We didn’t even realize we were making memories, we just knew we were having fun-dd- Winnie the Pooh . The highlight of my childhood was making my brother laugh so hard that food came out his nose-dd- Garrison Keillor . Brothers get dirty, play catch, defend & protect, laugh, imagine, build forts, tell secrets, invent, ride bicycles, sell lemonade, catch bugs, build Lego, wrestle, have sleepovers, misbehave, play cars, day dream, climb trees, hold hands, count the stars, fight, build sandcastles; together-dd- Unknown . Nobody remembers their childhood exactly but I remember you were there for me-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The happiest days of my youth were when my brother and I would run through the woods and feel quite safe-dd- Rachel Weisz . There is a little boy inside the man who is my brother… Oh, how I hated that little boy-dd- And how I love him too-dd- Anna Quindlen . A brother wronged is more unyielding than a fortified city; disputes are like the barred gates of a citadel-dd- Proverbs 18:19 . Everyone who hates his brother is a murderer, and you know that no murderer has eternal life present in him-dd- 1 John 3:15 . You must not hate your brother in your heart-dd- You must surely reprove your fellow citizen so that you do not incur sin on account of him-dd- Leviticus 19:17 . Your siblings are the only people in the world who know what it’s like to have been brought up the way you were-dd- Betsy Cohen . Time and again, we’re asked to discover, through love and suffering, that we are at heart the same-dd- Mark Nepo . We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers – but never blame yourself-dd- It’s never your fault-dd- But it’s always your fault, because if you wanted to change you’re the one who has got to change-dd- Katharine Hepburn . Being pretty on the inside means you don’t hit your brother and you eat all your peas – that’s what my grandma taught me-dd- Lord Chesterfield . When the brothers fight to the death, a stranger inherits their father’s estate-dd- Ibo proverb . They say that not matter how old you become, when you are with your siblings, you revert back to childhood-dd- Karen White . I guess we’re really brothers, aren’t we-qq- Don’t know what that means, except it means that some of the same things we remember-dd- Tim O’Brien . Siblings are the people we practice on, the people who teach us about fairness and cooperation and kindness and caring — quite often the hard way-dd- Pamela Dugdale . Brothers that say they never fight are most definitely hiding something-dd- Lemony Snicket . A brother shares childhood memories and grown-up dreams-dd- Unknown . We are brothers and sisters-dd- We are one sacred family-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . That’s the function of big brothers… to help their little sisters when their worlds are collapsing-dd- Susan Beth Pfeffer . No life’s worth more than any other, no sister worth less than any brother-dd- Michael Franti . I don’t believe an accident of birth makes people sisters or brothers-dd- It makes them siblings, gives them mutuality of parentage-dd- Sisterhood and brotherhood is a condition people have to work at-dd- Maya Angelou . What brothers say to tease their sisters has nothing to do with what they really think of them-dd- Esther Friesner . Comparison is a death knell to sibling harmony-dd- Elizabeth Fishel . I’m the luckiest person-dd- I have a brother and a sister who are my friends-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Children of the same family, the same blood, with the same first associations and habits, have some means of enjoyment in their power, which no subsequent connections can supply-dd- Jane Austen . I love you, you were there for me, you protected me, and most of all, you loved me-dd- We’d fight, scream, and argue, but, under it all, is a love-dd- That only exists, in a brother, and a sister-dd- Unknown . I have a wonderful shelter, which is my family-dd- I have a wonderful relationship with my brother and sister; this makes me feel that I know always where I belong-dd- Jose Carreras . The greatest gift our parents ever gave us was each other-dd- Unknown . Hold my hand big sister all the years through, Hold my hand little brother for I will always love and protect you-dd- Unknown . Like branches on a tree… we may grow in different directions, but our roots remain as one-dd- Unknown . Best friends are the siblings from different parents-dd- Unknown . There can be no companion better than a brother and there can be no friend better than a sister-dd- Unknown . I think I’m funny because my family, my siblings, were funny-dd- Martin Short . Our siblings-dd- They resemble us just enough to make all their differences confusing, and no matter what we choose to make of this, we are cast in relation to them our whole lives long-dd- Susan Scarf Merrell . Our siblings push buttons that cast us in roles we felt sure we had let go of long ago — the baby, the peacekeeper, the caretaker, the avoider… It doesn’t seem to matter how much time has elapsed or how far we’ve traveled-dd- Jane Mersky Leder . Brother and sister, together as friends, ready to face whatever life sends-dd- Joy and laughter or tears and strife, holding hands tightly as we dance through life-dd- Suzie Huitt . Brothers and sisters separated by distance joined by love-dd- Chuck Danes . We only part to meet again-dd- John Gay . Nothing makes a room feel emptier than wanting someone in it-dd- Calla Quinn . And when he died, I suddenly realized I wasn’t crying for him at all, but for the things he did-dd- I cried because he would never do them again-dd- Ray Bradbury . I don’t miss you and you alone, I miss you and me together-dd- Unknown . You may be out of my sight but never out of my mind-dd- Unknown . Not only had my brother disappeared, but – and bear with me here – a part of my very being had gone with him-dd- Stories about us could, from them on, be told from only one perspective-dd- Memories could be told but not shared-dd- John Corey Whaley . In death as in life, we stand together, always a family, always a team-dd- The brotherhood never dies-dd- Marcus Luttrell . How you can already miss someone when you are in the same room with them, I have no idea-dd- But I do-dd- Karen Harrington . Where you used to be, there is a hole in the world, which I find myself constantly walking around in the daytime, and falling in at night-dd- Edna St Vincent Millay . God is our neighbour when our brother is absent-dd- Swahili proverb . Every parting is a form of death, as every reunion is a type of heaven-dd- Tryon Edwards . Your memory feels like home to me-dd- So whenever my mind wanders, it always finds it’s way back to you-dd- Ranata Suzuki . There is an ocean of silence between us… and I am drowning in it-dd- Ranata Suzuki . Sometimes, when one person is missing, the whole world seems depopulated-dd- Lamartine . Once you love someone, they stay in your heart forever-dd- Nita (Brother Bear, Disney) . Love is the bond of brotherhood-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . Family over friends-dd- Family over business-dd- Your gratitude must be endless-dd- Maxime Lagacé . There’s no other love like the love for a brother-dd- There’s no other love like the love from a brother-dd- Astrid Alauda . I was born into the most remarkable and eccentric family I could have possibly hoped for-dd- Maureen O’Hara . Siblings (n-dd-) a combination of a best friend and a pain in the neck-dd- They might be the most annoying people around you but you still love them endlessly-dd- . Whatever you do they will love you; even if they don’t love you they are connected to you till you die-dd- You can be boring and tedious with sisters, whereas you have to put on a good face with friends-dd- Deborah Moggach . As sure as the sun will rise every morning and set in the evening just the same, I will love you all the days of my life-dd- Fawn Weaver . You my brother have always been a support in my life, you have always had encouraging words for me as a child and now into our adult years-dd- I know I can always count on you being there-dd- What would I ever do without you-xx- Catherine Pulsifer . Hatred stirs up strife, but love covers all transgressions-dd- Proverbs 10:12 . I believe that we must reach our brother, never toning down our fundamental oppositions, but meeting him when he asks to be met, with a reason for the faith that is in us, as well as with a loving sympathy for them a brothers-dd- Dorothy Day . If you have a brother or sister, tell them you love them every day – that’s the most beautiful thing-dd- I told my sister how much I loved her every day-dd- That’s the only reason I’m OK right now-dd- Amaury Nolasco . Blessed is the servant who loves his brother as much when he is sick and useless as when he is well and an be of service to him-dd- And blessed is he who loves his brother as well when he is afar off as when he is by his side, and who would say nothing behind his back he might not, in love, say before his face-dd- St-dd- Francis of Assisi . I think people that have a brother or sister don’t realize how lucky they are-dd- Sure, they fight a lot, but to know that there’s always somebody there, somebody that’s family-dd- Trey Parker . My family is everything-dd- I am what I am thanks to my mother, my father, my brother, my sister… because they have given me everything-dd- The education I have is thanks to them-dd- Ronaldinho . I placed you in my heart since you were born-dd- You are the best gift ever that I’ve gotten from our parents-dd- I’m so lucky to have you as my younger brother-dd- Sam Dawn . I’ve been blessed to have a brother like you-dd- You’re my pal, my buddy and my best friend too-dd- And it means a lot having a brother like you-dd- Unknown . Love between brothers is messy, loud, rough, sweet, fierce, fun, unique, forever-dd- Unknown . Bare is a brotherless behind-dd- Swedish proverb . Nothing can stop me from loving my brother-dd- Brandy Norwood . The younger brother hath the more wit-dd- Alexander Pope . The younger brother must help to pay for the pleasures of the elder-dd- Jane Austen . As the younger brother, I think you always have crushes on your older brother’s girlfriends-dd- Liam Hemsworth . One who always depends on his brother will die poor-dd- Swahili proverb . Let the people think they govern and they will be governed-dd- William Penn . Funny how older brothers could still be annoying even after everyone was all grown-up-dd- Elizabeth Camden . Older siblings… The only people who will pick on you for their own entertainment and beat up anyone else who tries-dd- Unknown . I grew up with an older brother, and the bond between siblings is unlike anything else, and it can be a real journey to accept what that bond is once you both mature into it-dd- Because it’s not always what you want-dd- It’s not always what you expect-dd- It’s not always what you imagined or hoped-dd- But it’s one of the most important things in the world-dd- Ben Schnetzer . Brothers are like streetlights along the road, they don’t make distance any shorter but they light up the path and make the walk worthwhile-dd- Unknown . I’m happy if everybody else is-dd- I’m a big brother, the oldest-dd- If you’re happy and I’m not, I’m cool with that-dd- If I’m happy and you’re not, I’m sad-dd- Chris Rock . What strange creatures brothers are-xx- Jane Austen . My brother has an awesome sister-dd- True story-dd- Unknown . It’s National Siblings Day, so I just wanted to let you know you are lucky to have me as a sister-dd- Unknown . Being a big sister is to love your brother, even if he does not want it or love you in return-dd- Unknown . I love you, you were there for me, you protected me, and most of all, you loved me-dd- We’d fight, scream, and argue, but, under it all, is a love-dd- That only exists, in a brother, and a sister-dd- Unknown . Sometimes being a big sister is even better than being a princess-dd- Unknown . As we grew up, my brothers acted like they didn’t care, but I always knew they looked out for me and were there-xx- Catherine Pulsifer . I grew up with a younger brother, so I can get pretty rowdy-dd- Sarah Wynter . He who has brothers has more than riches can buy-dd- African proverb . I have so much to do that I shall spend the first three hours in prayer-dd- Martin Luther . You’ll be calm the day you learn to sit alone and do nothing-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious – the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science-dd- Albert Einstein . The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself-dd- Anais Nin . When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The next message you need is always right where you are-dd- Ram Dass . Awakening is not changing who you are, but discarding who you are not-dd- Deepak Chopra . Equanimity arises when we accept the way things are-dd- Jack Kornfield . I close my eyes in order to see-dd- Paul Gauguin . Don’t try to steer the river-dd- Deepak Chopra . The spiritual journey is the unlearning of fear and the acceptance of love-dd- Marianne Williamson . Within you there is a stillness and a sanctuary to which you can retreat at any time and be yourself-dd- Hermann Hesse . He who is filled with love is filled with God himself-dd- Saint Augustine . At any moment, you have a choice, that either leads you closer to your spirit or further away from it-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . When you connect to the silence within you, that is when you can make sense of the disturbance going on around you-dd- Stephen Richards . You have to grow from the inside out-dd- None can teach you, none can make you spiritual-dd- There is no other teacher but your own soul-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Only if we understand, will we care-dd- Only if we care, will we help-dd- Only if we help shall all be saved-dd- Jane Goodall . Fools laugh at others-dd- Wisdom laughs at itself-dd- Osho . The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it-dd- Carl Jung . When you realize there is no lacking, the whole world belongs to you-dd- Lao Tzu . God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Religion, science, and spirituality help us make sense of the world-dd- Life without at least one of them is a lonely and confusing place-dd- Naval Ravikant . It is in our wild nature that we best recover from our un-nature, our spirituality-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . A single event can awaken within us a stranger totally unknown to us-dd- To live is to be slowly born-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . This moment is all there is-dd- Rumi . The soul is placed in the body like a rough diamond and must be polished, or the luster of it will never appear-dd- Daniel Defoe . The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself-dd- Henry Miller . I choose gentleness… Nothing is won by force-dd- I choose to be gentle-dd- If I raise my voice may it be only in praise-dd- If I clench my fist, may it be only in prayer-dd- If I make a demand, may it be only of myself-dd- Max Lucado . Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself and know that everything in this life has a purpose-dd- There are no mistakes, no coincidences-dd- All events are blessings given to us to learn from-dd- Elizabeth Kübler-Ross . Realisation is not acquisition of anything new nor is it a new faculty-dd- It is only removal of all camouflage-dd- Ramana Maharshi . If a man is to live, he must be all alive, body, soul, mind, heart, spirit-dd- Thomas Merton . The spiritual life does not remove us from the world but leads us deeper into it-dd- Henri J-dd-M-dd- Nouwen . Realize deeply that the present moment is all you have-dd- Make the now the primary focus of your life-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Being at ease with not knowing is crucial for answers to come to you-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Nurture great thoughts, for you will never go higher than your thoughts-dd- Benjamin Disraeli (This is one of my favorite spiritual quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Who looks outside, dreams-dd- Who looks inside, awakens-dd- Carl Jung . The unexamined life is not worth living-dd- Socrates . Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life-dd- Ludwig van Beethoven . The Way is not in the sky; the Way is in the heart-dd- Buddha . We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves-dd- Dalai Lama . It isn’t until you come to a spiritual understanding of who you are – not necessarily a religious feeling, but deep down, the spirit within – that you can begin to take control-dd- Oprah Winfrey . You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment-dd- Fools stand on their island of opportunities and look toward another land-dd- There is no other land; there is no other life but this-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Nothing is, unless our thinking makes it so-dd- William Shakespeare . It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves-dd- William Shakespeare . It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Physical strength can never permanently withstand the impact of spiritual force-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . I believe in God, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky-dd- I believe that what people call God is something in all of us-dd- John Lennon . This new day is too dear, with its hopes and invitations, to waste a moment on the yesterdays-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity-dd- Voltaire . My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind-dd- Albert Einstein . The greater the doubt, the greater the awakening-dd- Albert Einstein . The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Forever is composed of nows-dd- Emily Dickinson . Wake up and live-dd- Bob Marley . Let the breath lead the way-dd- Sharon Salzberg . I am realistic – I expect miracles-dd- Wayne Dyer . Do anything, but let it produce joy-dd- Walt Whitman . The Holy Land is everywhere-dd- Black Elk (Native American) . Let the measure of time be spiritual, not mechanical-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Be guided by spirit and not driven by ego-dd- Unknown . There is nothing more important than this moment-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . It is in pardoning that we are pardoned-dd- Francis of Assisi . For it is in giving that we receive-dd- Francis of Assisi . Everything in the world was my Guru-dd- Ramana Maharshi . Quiet the mind and the soul will speak-dd- Ma Jaya Sati Bhagavati . Spiritual progress is like a detoxification-dd- Marianne Williamson . Reach for a thought that feels better-dd- Abraham Hicks . Your thoughts become things-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Your thoughts are the primary cause of everything-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Be here, now-xx- Ram Dass . When you make a choice, you change the future-dd- Deepak Chopra . God finds himself by creating-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible-dd- Deepak Chopra . When a man is willing and eager, the Gods join in-dd- Aeschylus . Arise, awake, stop not till the goal is reached-dd- Swami Vivekananda . And the time came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom-dd- Anais Nin . The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper-dd- W-dd-B-dd- Yeats . Be tolerant of those who are lost on their path-dd- Ignorance, conceit, anger, jealousy and greed stem from a lost soul-dd- Pray that they will find guidance-dd- Elder Wisdom . Be not afraid of anything-dd- You will do marvelous work-dd- It is fearlessness that brings Heaven even in a moment-dd- Swami Vivekananda . I have seen that in any great undertaking it is not enough for a man to depend simply upon himself-dd- Shooter Teton Sioux (Native American) . One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity-dd- Connect with those around you today-dd- Say, “I love you”, “I’m sorry”, “I appreciate you”, “I’m proud of you”…whatever you’re feeling-dd- Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it…cause a smile today for someone else…and give plenty of hugs-dd- Steve Maraboli . You and your purpose in life are the same thing-dd- Your purpose is to be you-dd- George Alexiou . I am convinced that the jealous, the angry, the bitter and the egotistical are the first to race to the top of mountains-dd- A confident person enjoys the journey, the people they meet along the way and sees life not as a competition-dd- They reach the summit last because they know God isn’t at the top waiting for them-dd- He is down below helping his followers to understand that the view is glorious where ever you stand-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . You must not let your life run in the ordinary way; do something that nobody else has done, something that will dazzle the world-dd- Show that God’s creative principle works in you-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . Bring into play the almighty power within you, so that on the stage of life you can fulfill your high destined role-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . The privilege of a lifetime is to become who you really are-dd- Carl Jung . If your intention is powerful, your action will be powerful-dd- If your action is powerful, your results will be powerful-dd- Unknown . The real spiritual progress of the aspirant is measured by the extent to which he achieves inner tranquility-dd- Swami Sivananda . All power is within you; you can do anything and everything-dd- Believe in that, do not believe that you are weak; do not believe that you are half-crazy lunatics, as most of us do nowadays-dd- You can do any thing and everything, without even the guidance of any one-dd- Stand up and express the divinity within you-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground-dd- Let their spirit ignite a fire within you to leave this world better than when you found it-dd- Wilferd Peterson . Inside us there is something that has no name, that something is what we are-dd- José Saramago . The resting place of the mind is the heart-dd- The only thing the mind hears all day is clanging bells and noise and argument, and all it wants is quietude-dd- The only place the mind will ever find peace is inside the silence of the heart-dd- That’s where you need to go-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . You will have to create the path by walking yourself; the path is not ready-made, lying there and waiting for you-dd- Osho . You are never alone-dd- You are eternally connected with everyone-dd- Amit Ray . You are your master-dd- Only you have the master keys to open the inner locks-dd- Amit Ray . The power within you is greater than the power within the world-dd- Rhonda Byrne . If you think you’re enlightened go spend a week with your family-dd- Ram Dass . Seize the moment-dd- Remember all those women on the ‘Titanic’ who waved off the dessert cart-dd- Erma Bombeck . Bath, n-dd- A kind of mystic ceremony substituted for religious worship, with what spiritual efficacy has not been determined-dd- Ambrose Bierce . You can’t have everything… where would you put it-qq- Steven Wright . Self-love is a good thing but self-awareness is more important-dd- You need to once in a while go “Uh, I’m kind of an asshole”-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . Walk with those seeking truth… Run from those who think they’ve found it-dd- Deepak Chopra . To be in time is to be asleep: to be awake is to be in eternity-dd- Osho . Unless you are totally destroyed as a mind, there is no hope for you-dd- Osho . Begin to see yourself as a soul with a body rather than a body with a soul-dd- Wayne Dyer . Rather than being your thoughts and emotions, be the awareness behind them-dd- Eckhart Tolle . When everything gets answered, it’s fake-dd- Sean Penn . The truth is that you already are what you are seeking-dd- Adyashanti . The truth is that the universe has been answering you all of your life, but you cannot receive the answers unless you are awake-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Knock, and He’ll open the door-dd- Vanish, And He’ll make you shine like the sun-dd- Fall, and He’ll raise you to the heavens-dd- Become nothing, and He’ll turn you into everything-dd- Rumi . We are not human beings having a spiritual experience-dd- We are spiritual beings having a human experience-dd- Pierre Teilhard de Chardin . You are never alone or helpless-dd- The force that guides the stars, guides you too-dd- Shrii Shirr Anandamurti . If we want greater clarity in our purpose or deeper and more meaningful spiritual lives, vulnerability is the path-dd- Brené Brown . When the heart speaks, the mind finds it indecent to object-dd- Milan Kundera . Religion is for people who’re afraid of going to hell-dd- Spirituality is for those who’ve already been there-dd- Vine Deloria Jr (Native American) . The meaning of life is just to be alive-dd- It is so plain and so obvious and so simple-dd- And yet, everybody rushes around in a great panic as if it were necessary to achieve something beyond themselves-dd- Alan Watts . The want of goods is easily repaired, but the poverty of the soul is irreparable-dd- Michel de Montaigne . We are at our most powerful the moment we no longer need to be powerful-dd- Eric Micha’el Leventhal . Eventually, all that one has learnt will have to be forgotten-dd- Ramana Maharshi . Let what comes come-dd- Let what goes go-dd- Find out what remains-dd- Ramana Maharshi . The game is not about becoming somebody, it’s about becoming nobody-dd- Ram Dass . Enlightenment means taking full responsibility for your life-dd- William Blake . Re-examine all you have been told-dd- Dismiss what insults your soul-dd- Walt Whitman . Wisdom says we are nothing-dd- Love says we are everything-dd- Between these two our life flows-dd- Jack Kornfield . In a conflict between the heart and the brain, follow your heart-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Anything that makes weak – physically, intellectually and spiritually, reject it as poison-dd- Swami Vivekananda . A life of reaction is a life of slavery, intellectually and spiritually-dd- One must fight for a life of action, not reaction-dd- Rita Mae Brown . Enlightenment means waking up to what you truly are and then being that-dd- Adyashanti . Help me never to judge another until I have walked a mile in his moccasins-dd- Indian prayer . It took me forty years on earth to reach this sure conclusion: there is no Heaven but clarity, no Hell except confusion-dd- Jan Struther . Your sacred space is where you can find yourself over and over again-dd- Joseph Campbell . Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance-dd- Francis of Assisi . Everything that has a beginning has an ending-dd- Make your peace with that and all will be well-dd- Jack Kornfield . There are hundreds of paths up the mountain, all leading to the same place, so it doesn’t matter which path you take-dd- The only person wasting time is the one who runs around the mountain, telling everyone that his or her path is wrong-dd- Hindu proverb . You can read books without ever stepping into a library; and practice spirituality without ever going to a temple-dd- Anthony de Mello . If you wish to know the divine, feel the wind on your face and the warm sun on your back-dd- Eido Tai Shimano Roshi . I have been and still am a seeker, but I have ceased to question stars and books; I have begun to listen to the teaching my blood whispers to me-dd- Hermann Hesse . You are awareness-dd- Awareness is another name for you-dd- Since you are awareness there is no need to attain or cultivate it-dd- Ramana Maharshi . The path of awakening is not about becoming who you are-dd- Rather it is about unbecoming who you are not-dd- Albert Schweitzer . There is something wonderfully bold and liberating about saying yes to our entire imperfect and messy life-dd- Tara Brach . Observing desire without acting on it enlarges our freedom to choose how we live-dd- Tara Brach . Do what is right at a given moment and leave it behind-dd- Ramana Maharshi . Be present in all things and thankful for all things-dd- Maya Angelou . Big-heartedness is the most essential virtue on the spiritual journey-dd- Matthew Fox . To say “I love you” one must know first how to say the “I”-dd- Ayn Rand . When I give I give myself-dd- Walt Whitman . Lord, grant that I might not so much seek to be loved as to love-dd- Francis of Assisi . When you love, love as if the person is a god, not less than that-dd- Osho . If you love a flower, don’t pick it up-dd- Because if you pick it up it dies and it ceases to be what you love-dd- So if you love a flower, let it be-dd- Love is not about possession-dd- Love is about appreciation-dd- Osho . Being love rather than giving or taking love, is the only thing that provides stability-dd- Ram Dass . Perform all work carefully, guided by compassion-dd- Ved Vyasa . If your compassion does not include yourself, it is incomplete-dd- Jack Kornfield . Much of spiritual life is self-acceptance, maybe all of it-dd- Jack Kornfield . Spiritual opening is not a withdrawal to some imagined realm or safe cave-dd- It is not a pulling away, but a touching of all the experience of life with wisdom and with a heart of kindness, without any separation-dd- Jack Kornfield . True love begins when nothing is looked for in return-dd- Antoine De Saint-Exupery . The most important time in the world is the time you make for yourself-dd- Unknown . The greatest illusion of this world is the illusion of separation-dd- Unknown . Love is what we are born with-dd- Fear is what we learn-dd- Marianne Williamson . All major religious traditions carry basically the same message, that is love, compassion and forgiveness… the important thing is they should be part of our daily lives-dd- Dalai Lama . Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting-dd- Elizabeth Bibesco . Choose being kind over being right, and you’ll be right every time-dd- Richard Carlson . When there is love in your heart, everything outside of you also becomes lovable-dd- Veeresh . It is love alone that leads to right action-dd- What brings order in the world is to love and let love do what it will-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Love gives us in a moment what we can hardly attain by effort after years of toil-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . I would rather feel compassion than know the meaning of it-dd- Thomas Aquinas . Forgive the past-dd- It is over-dd- Learn from it and let go-dd- People are constantly changing and growing-dd- Do not cling to a limited, disconnected, negative image of a person in the past-dd- See that person now-dd- Your relationship is always alive and changing-dd- Brian Weiss . Beautify your inner dialogue-dd- Beautify your inner world with love light and compassion-dd- Life will be beautiful-dd- Amit Ray . They alone live, who live for others-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Compassion is the wish for another being to be free from suffering; love is wanting them to have happiness-dd- Dalai Lama . Real generosity towards the future lies in giving all to the present-dd- Albert Camus . There is neither Past nor Future-dd- There is only the Present-dd- Ramana Maharshi . Happiness is your nature-dd- It is not wrong to desire it-dd- What is wrong is seeking it outside when it is inside-dd- Ramana Maharshi . We have only now, only this single eternal moment opening and unfolding before us, day and night-dd- Jack Kornfield . The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware; joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely aware-dd- Henry Miller . Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed-dd- Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude-dd- Denis Waitley . The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation, but rather your thoughts about the situation-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Always say yes to the present moment-dd- Surrender to what is-dd- Say ‘yes’ to life and see how life starts suddenly working for you rather than against you-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Accept – then act-dd- Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it… This will miraculously transform your whole life-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Surrender is the most difficult thing in the world while you are doing it and the easiest when it is done-dd- Bhai Sahib . It is important to expect nothing, to take every experience, including the negative ones, as merely steps on the path, and to proceed-dd- Ram Dass . The true definition of mental illness is when the majority of your time is spent in the past or future, but rarely living in the realism of now-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . It’s all a matter of paying attention, being awake in the present moment, and not expecting a huge payoff-dd- The magic in this world seems to work in whispers and small kindnesses-dd- Charles de Lint . You just understand the whole of life, not just one little part of it-dd- That is why you must read, that is why you must look at the skies, that is why you must sing, and dance, and write poems, and suffer, and understand, for all that is life-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . As long as a sense of self-importance rules your being, you will never know lasting peace-dd- Matthieu Ricard . To speak gratitude is courteous and pleasant, but to live gratitude is to touch heaven-dd- Johannes A-dd- Gaertner . Only in quiet waters things mirror themselves undistorted-dd- Only in a quiet mind is adequate perception of the world-dd- Hans Margolius . If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things-dd- Rene Descartes . If peace is our single aim in all we do, we will always know what to do because we will do whatever will protect and deepen our peace-dd- Gerald Jampolsky . It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received-dd- It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters-dd- Amit Ray . The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery-dd- There is always more mystery-dd- Anais Nin . Letting there be room for not knowing is the most important thing of all-dd- When there’s a big disappointment, we don’t know if that’s the end of the story-dd- It may just be the beginning of a great adventure-dd- Life is like that-dd- We don’t know anything-dd- Pema Chödrön . The whole of life is to spiritualize our activities by humility and faith, to silence our nature by charity-dd- Thomas Merton . I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today-dd- I can choose which it shall be-dd- Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn’t arrived yet-dd- I have just one day, today, and I’m going to be happy in it-dd- Groucho Marx . Not thinking about anything is Zen-dd- Once you know this, walking, sitting, or lying down, everything you do is Zen-dd- Bodhidharma . Ask nothing; want nothing in return-dd- Give what you have to give; it will come back to you, but do not think of that now-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Nothing kills the ego like playfulness, like laughter-dd- When you start taking life as fun, the ego has to die, it cannot exist anymore-dd- Osho . Truth is not something outside to be discovered, it is something inside to be realized-dd- Osho . Neither seek nor avoid, take what comes-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Nature always wears the colors of the spirit-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The sky is the daily bread of the imagination-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Nature is made of vibrations of Love-dd- João Mendes . I go to nature to be soothed and healed, and to have my senses put in order-dd- John Burroughs . For me, trees have always been the most penetrating preachers-dd- I revere them when they live in tribes and families, in forests and groves-dd- And even more I revere them when they stand alone-dd- They are like lonely persons-dd- Not like hermits who have stolen away out of some weakness, but like great, solitary men, like Beethoven and Nietzsche-dd- . Trees are sanctuaries-dd- Whoever knows how to speak to them, whoever knows how to listen to them, can learn the truth-dd- . The more a thing tends to be permanent, the more it tends to be lifeless-dd- Alan Watts . You see, one loves the sunset when one is so sad-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Even the sun directs our gaze away from itself and to the life illumined by it-dd- Eberhard Arnold . A fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees-dd- William Blake . Mother Nature speaks in a language understood within the peaceful mind of the sincere observer-dd- Radhanath Swami . The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition-dd- Honore De Balzac . Love the animals, love the plants, love everything-dd- If you love everything, you will perceive the divine mystery in things-dd- Once you perceive it, you will begin to comprehend it better every day-dd- And you will come at last to love the whole world with an all-embracing love-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . When one loses the deep intimate relationship with nature, then temples, mosques and churches become important-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . God writes the Gospel not in the Bible alone, but also on trees, and in the flowers and clouds and stars-dd- Martin Luther . When I admire the wonders of a sunset or the beauty of the moon, my soul expands in the worship of the creator-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The little reed, bending to the force of the wind, soon stood upright again when the storm had passed over-dd- Aesop . In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous-dd- Aristotle . If one way be better than other, that you may be sure is… Nature’s way-dd- Aristotle . Nature does nothing without purpose or uselessly-dd- Aristotle . Whatever life takes away from you, let it go-dd- Don Miguel Ruiz . Life is not separate from death-dd- It only looks that way-dd- Blackfoot (Native American) . To live in hearts we leave behind is not to die-dd- Thomas Campbell . Whatever comes, don’t push it away-dd- When it goes, do not grieve-dd- Mooji . All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle-dd- Francis of Assisi . The darker the night, the brighter the stars-dd- The deeper the grief, the closer is God-xx- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Crying is one of the highest devotional songs-dd- One who knows crying, knows spiritual practice-dd- If you can cry with a pure heart, nothing else compares to such a prayer-dd- Kripalvanandji . When something dies is the greatest teaching-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Don’t ever discount the wonder of your tears-dd- They can be healing waters and a stream of joy-dd- Sometimes they are the best words the heart can speak-dd- William Paul Young . Pain insists upon being attended to-dd- God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our consciences, but shouts in our pains-dd- It is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . There is nothing to worry about-dd- There will be tough times, nice times, good times and bad times-dd- They all come in life and go-dd- Nothing stays-dd- Sri Sri Ravi Shankar . People have a hard time letting go of their suffering-dd- Out of a fear of the unknown, they prefer suffering that is familiar-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Accepting death as a part of life serves as a spur to diligence and saves us from wasting our time on vain distractions-dd- Matthieu Ricard . The soul would have no rainbow, had the eyes no tears-dd- John Vance Cheney . A happy family is but an earlier heaven-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Through others we become ourselves-dd- Lev S-dd- Vygotsky . Sticking with your family is what makes it a family-dd- Mitch Albom . Friendship has always belonged to the core of my spiritual journey-dd- Henri Nouwen . What do we live for if not to make the world less difficult for each other-qq- George Eliot . No matter what you have done for yourself, or for humanity, if you can’t look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished-qq- Elbert Hubbard . Our capacity to make peace with another person and with the world, depends very much on our capacity to make peace with ourselves-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Family life is full of major and minor crises – the ups and downs of health, success and failure in career, marriage, and divorce – and all kinds of characters-dd- It is tied to places and events and histories-dd- With all of these felt details, life etches itself into memory and personality-dd- It’s difficult to imagine anything more nourishing to the soul-dd- Thomas Moore . People hear you on the level you speak to them from-dd- Speak from your heart, and they will hear with theirs-dd- Marianne Williamson . What you meet in another being is the projection of your own level of evolution-dd- Ram Dass . When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself-dd- Wayne Dyer . We find greater lightness and ease in our lives as we increasingly care for ourselves and other beings-dd- Sharon Salzberg . You don’t choose your family-dd- They are God’s gift to you, as you are to them-dd- Desmond Tutu . Faith, hope, love, and insight are the highest achievements of human effort-dd- Carl Jung . What oxygen is to the lungs, such is hope to the meaning of life-dd- Emil Brunner . Be patient with yourself-dd- Self-growth is tender; it’s holy ground-dd- There is no greater investment-dd-Stephen Covey . Our prayers are answered not when we are given what we ask, but when we are challenged to be what we can be-dd-Morris Adler . If you lose money you lose much, If you lose friends you lose more, If you lose faith you lose all-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Believe in your infinite potential-dd- Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . I believe, and therefore anything is possible-dd- Unknown . Our way is to practice one step at a time, one breath at a time, with no gaining idea-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness-dd- Desmond Tutu . And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it-dd- Paulo Coelho . Remember that wherever your heart is, there you will find your treasure-dd- Paulo Coelho . Spirituality is fearlessness-dd- It is a way of looking boldly at this life we have been given, here, now, on earth, as this human being-dd- Elizabeth Lesser . If you don’t behave as you believe, you will end by believing as you behave-dd- Fulton J-dd- Sheen . The greatest religion is to be true to your own nature-dd- Have faith in yourselves-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Do one thing at a time, and while doing it put your whole soul into it to the exclusion of all else-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . To me, faith means not worrying-dd- John Dewey . Be patient-dd- You’ll know when it’s time for you to wake up and move ahead-dd- Ram Dass . If you believe it will work out, you’ll see opportunities, if you believe it won’t you will see obstacles-dd- Wayne Dyer . A belief is only a thought I keep thinking-dd- Abraham Hicks . Appreciation in advance brings everything you want to you-dd- Abraham Hicks . Pray, and let God worry-dd- Martin Luther . What you are is God’s gift to you, what you become is your gift to God-dd- Hans Urs von Balthasar . Love is patient, love is kind-dd- It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud-dd- It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs-dd- 1 Corinthians 13:4-7 . Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth-dd- It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres-dd- 1 Corinthians 13:4-7 . The great thing to remember is that though our feelings come and go God’s love for us does not-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . A thorough knowledge of the Bible is worth more than a college education-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . I prayed for twenty years but received no answer until I prayed with my legs-dd- Frederick Douglass . Whatever your heart clings to and confides in, that is really your God-dd- Martin Luther . God enters by a private door into every individual-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . And out of that hopeless attempt has come nearly all that we call human history — money, poverty, ambition, war, prostitution, classes, empires, slavery — the long terrible story of man trying to find something other than God which will make him happy-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Make your own Bible-dd- Select and collect all the words and sentences that in all your readings have been to you like the blast of a trumpet-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The moment God is figured out with nice neat lines and definitions, we are no longer dealing with God-dd- Rob Bell . If prayer is you talking to God, then intuition is God talking to you-dd- Wayne Dyer . Faith is God’s work within us-dd- Thomas Aquinas . God loves me when I sing-dd- God respects me when I work-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Suffering is part of our training program for becoming wise-dd- Ram Dass . The period of greatest gain in knowledge and experience is the most difficult period in one’s life-dd- Dalai Lama . Real generosity towards the future lies in giving all to the present-dd- Albert Camus . All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another-dd- Anatole France . Take care of your inner, spiritual beauty-dd- That will reflect in your face-dd- Dolores del Rio . Courage is fear that has said its prayers and decided to go forward anyway-dd- Joyce Meyer . It is the inner life that is to spark the change in consciousness that will permit us to advance-dd- Brother Wayne Teasdale . I thank God for my handicaps, for through them, I have found myself, my work, and my God-dd- Helen Keller (She was blind) . The measure of your maturity is how spiritual you become during the midst of your frustrations-dd- Samuel Ullman . On the spiritual path, all the dreck and misery is transformed, maybe not that same day, but still transformed into spiritual fuel or insight-dd- Anne Lamott . Character can not be developed in ease and quiet-dd- Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved-dd- Helen Keller . Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding-dd- Kahlil Gibran . We cannot change anything unless we accept it-dd- Carl Jung . When there’s nothing but humility, there’s nothing but spiritual oneness-dd- Frederick Lenz . The more you recognize the immense good within you, the more you magnetize immense good around you-dd- Alan Cohen . When you find your path, you must not be afraid-dd- You need to have sufficient courage to make mistakes-dd- Disappointment, defeat, and despair are the tools God uses to show us the way-dd- Paulo Coelho . The ultimate reason for meditating is to transform ourselves in order to be better able to transform the world-dd- Matthieu Ricard . Thoughts become things-dd- If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand-dd- Bob Proctor . We can make changes in our lives, we can live consciously rather than mechanically, we can open our hearts and we can be more fully alive-dd- Sharon Salzberg . The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance-dd- Alan Watts . A sacrifice to be real must cost, must hurt, and must empty ourselves-dd- Give yourself fully to God-dd- He will use you to accomplish great things on the condition that you believe much more in his love than in your weakness-dd- Mother Teresa . Until you have suffered much in your heart, you cannot learn humility-dd- Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica . Comfort is no test of truth-dd- Truth is often far from being comfortable-dd- Swami Vivekananda . The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new-dd- Socrates . Think the thought until you believe it, and once you believe it, it is-dd- Abraham Hicks . Your feelings are your greatest tools to help you create your life-dd- Rhonda Byrne . See the things that you want as already yours-dd- Rhonda Byrne . You are not in the universe, you are the universe-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Your own Self-Realization is the greatest service you can render the world-dd- Ramana Maharshi . You can only stop the flow of thoughts by refusing to have any interest in it-dd- Ramana Maharshi . The enquiry “Who am I-qq-” is the principal means to the removal of all misery and the attainment of the supreme bliss-dd- Ramana Maharshi . If the mind falls asleep, awaken it-dd- Then if it starts wandering, make it quiet-dd- If you reach the state where there is neither sleep nor movement of mind, stay still in that, the natural (real) state-dd- Ramana Maharshi . Meditation is not just blissing out under a mango tree-dd- It completely changes your brain and therefore changes what you are-dd- Matthieu Ricard . No one and nothing outside of you can give you salvation, or free you from the misery-dd- You have to light your own lamp-dd- You have to know the miniature universe that you yourself are-dd- Banani Ray . Insight occurs when, and to the degree that, one knows oneself-dd- Andrew Schneider . Awakening is dynamic, Constantly evolving in accordance with life’s realities-dd- Taitetsu Unno . The goal of practice is always to keep our beginner’s mind-dd- Jack Kornfield . Those who are awake live in a state of constant amazement-dd- Jack Kornfield . Enlightenment is a destructive process-dd- It has nothing to do with becoming better or being happier-dd- Enlightenment is the crumbling away of untruth-dd- It’s seeing through the facade of pretense-dd- It’s the complete eradication of everything we imagined to be true-dd- Adyashanti . As long as you are trying to become, trying to get somewhere, trying to attain something, you are quite literally moving away from the Truth itself-dd- Adyashanti . Never belong to a crowd; Never belong to a nation; Never belong to a religion; Never belong to a race-dd- Belong to the whole existence-dd- Why limit yourself to small things-qq- When the whole is available-dd- Osho . Enlightenment is ego’s ultimate disappointment-dd- Chögyam Trungpa . If, then, I were asked for the most important advice I could give, that which I considered to be the most useful to the men of our century, I should simply say: in the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you-dd- Leo Tolstoy . What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself-dd- Abraham H-dd- Maslow . It is only by grounding our awareness in the living sensation of our bodies that the ‘I Am’, our real presence, can awaken-dd- G-dd-I-dd- Gurdjieff . Awakening is not a journey of discovering a distant land or a coveted secret, but rather, it is a journey of surrendering to what has always been present but shrouded in illusion and disillusion-dd- Shavasti . You can’t have a physical transformation until you have a spiritual transformation-dd- Cory Booker . The awakening of consciousness is the next evolutionary step for mankind-dd- Eckhart Tolle . The really important kind of freedom involves attention, and awareness, and discipline, and effort, and being able truly to care about other people and to sacrifice for them, over and over, in myriad petty little unsexy ways, every day-dd- David Foster Wallace . Part of spiritual and emotional maturity is recognizing that it’s not like you’re going to try to fix yourself and become a different person-dd- You remain the same person, but you become awakened-dd- Jack Kornfield . Believe something and the Universe is on its way to being changed-dd- Because you’ve changed, by believing-dd- Once you’ve changed, other things start to follow-dd- Isn’t that the way it works-qq- Diane Duane . We are all connected; To each other, biologically-dd- To the earth, chemically-dd- To the rest of the universe atomically-dd- Neil DeGrasse Tyson . These things will destroy the human race: politics without principle, progress without compassion, wealth without work, learning without silence, religion without fearlessness, and worship without awareness-dd- Anthony de Mello . Your greatest awakening comes, when you are aware about your infinite nature-dd- Amit Ray . No great spiritual awakening has begun anywhere in the world apart from united prayer-dd- J-dd- Edwin Orr . Waking up is not a selfish pursuit of happiness, it is a revolutionary stance, from the inside out, for the benefit of all beings in existence-dd- Noah Levine . Enlightenment is nothing more than the complete absence of resistance to what is-dd- End of story-dd- Adyashanti . Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is enlightenment-dd- Lao Tzu . A sister is both your mirror and your opposite-dd- Elizabeth Fishel . You’re not my best friend-dd- You’re my sister, and that’s more-dd- Jenny Han . The greatest gift our parents ever gave us was each other-dd- Unknown . Sisters are different flowers from the same garden-dd- Unknown . A sister is worth a thousand friends-dd- Unknown . What’s the good of news if you haven’t a sister to share it-qq- James DeVries . The best thing about having a sister was that I always had a friend-dd- Cali Rae Tumer . We didn’t want to admit it then, but we were friends-dd- Best friends-dd- Shannon Celebi . There’s no better friend than a sister-dd- Mary Engelbreit . A sister is a little bit of childhood that can never be lost-dd- Marion C-dd- Garretty . A sister is a gift to the heart, a friend to the spirit, a golden thread to the meaning of life-dd- Isadora James . Sweet is the voice of a sister in the season of sorrow-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Is solace anywhere more comforting than that in the arms of a sister-qq- Alice Walker . You don’t love someone because they’re perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they’re not-dd- Jodi Picoult . There is no time like the old time, when you and I were young-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . You know full well as I do the value of sisters’ affections; there is nothing like it in this world-dd- Charlotte Bronte . Sister is our first friend and second mother-dd- Sunny Gupta . One’s sister is part of one’s essential self, an eternal presence of ones’ heart, soul and memory-dd- Susan Cabil . I sought my soul, but my soul I could not see, I sought my god, but my god eluded me; And then I sought my sisters and my brothers, and in them I found all three-dd- Baba Amte . Friends grow up and move away-dd- But the one thing that’s never lost is your sister-dd- Gail Sheeny . So distant but so close-dd- So different but so similar-dd- That’s why I love my sister-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Life’s a battlefield, and we remain loyal to those who fight for us; those who’d die for us-dd- Crystal Woods . I’ve known every love possible, but as the years stretched out, the love I longed for the most is the one I shared with my sister-dd- Josephine Angelini . She is your mirror, shining back at you with a world of possibilities-dd- She is your witness, who sees you at your worst and best, and loves you anyway-dd- Barbara Alpert . To have a loving relationship with a sister is not simply to have a buddy or a confident… it is to have a soul mate for life-dd- Victoria Secunda . Brothers and sisters are one of the constant things in the lives of many people-dd- Richard Branson . A sister can be seen as someone who is both ourselves and very much not ourselves – a special kind of double-dd- Toni Morrison . Sisters-dd- Because we all need someone who will defend us behind our back and then call us on our shit to our face-dd- Brooke Hampton . Parents die, daughters grow up and marry out, but sisters are for life-dd- Lisa Lee (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Big sisters are the crab grass in the lawn of life-dd- Charles M-dd- Schulz (Charlie Brown) . A ministering angel shall my sister be-dd- William Shakespeare . My first job is big sister and I take that very seriously-dd- Venus Williams . I’m the big sister-dd- I want to make sure she has everything, even if I don’t have anything-dd- I love her too much-dd- Venus Williams . She is the mother I never had, she is the sister everybody would want-dd- She is the friend that everybody deserves-dd- I don’t know a better person-dd- Oprah Winfrey . The ones that stay with you through everything – they’re your true best friends-dd- Don’t let go of them-dd- Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Each one of us is responsible for the whole of humankind-dd- We need to think of each other really as brothers and sisters and to be concerned for each other’s welfare-dd- Dalai Lama . Until blacks and whites see each other as brother and sister, we will not have parity-dd- It’s very clear-dd- Maya Angelou . My sister and I truly are best friends-dd- Solange Knowles (Beyonce’s sister) . My sister is my hero-dd- Patrick J-dd- Adams (Suits) . My sisters are my favorite people on earth-dd- Ryan Phillippe . Always my sister, forever my friend-dd- Unknown . Happiness is being with my sister-dd- Unknown . A true sister will stand by your side-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . A family is a gift that lasts forever-dd- Unknown . My sister, my friend-dd- Unknown . Being sisters means you always have backup-dd- Unknown . All you need is love… and a sister-dd- Unknown . Sisterhood is powerful-dd- Robin Morgan . Yes you can, sister-xx- Joyce Meyer . Shoulder to shoulder, sister-dd- Brené Brown . Unconditional love; the definition of sister-dd- Alicia Cook . As long as they were together, there was nothing to be afraid of-dd- Kristen Ciccarelli . A sister is one who reaches for your hand and touches your heart-dd- Unknown . Sweet, crazy conversations full of half sentences, daydreams and misunderstandings more thrilling than understanding could ever be-dd- Toni Morrison . Sisters take care of each other, watch out for each other, comfort for each other and are there for each other through thick and thin-dd- Unknown . Sometimes we need someone to simply be there-dd- Not to fix anything, or to do anything in particular, but just to let us feel that we are cared for and supported-dd- Unknown . When life’s hills become too steep to climb on my own, my sister takes my hand and reminds me that I didn’t have to climb it alone to begin with-dd- Unknown . Sisters helps you find important things when you have lost them-dd- Things like your smiles, your hopes, and your courage-dd- Unknown . Sisters are like flowers in the garden of life-dd- Unknown . Always have something to look forward to, someone to share it with and always try to make a difference-dd- Rosemary Conley . A sister will care for you like a mother, laugh with you like a brother, listen to you like a friend, but most of all, no matter how much you mess up; love you like only a sister a can-dd- Your only job is to be the brother[sister] she deserves-dd- Unknown . A sister is someone who loves you from the heart-dd- No matter how much you argue you cannot be drawn apart-dd- She is a joy that cannot be taken away-dd- Once she enters your life, she is there to stay-dd- Shiva Sharma . The best sibling you can have is a brother or sister who pushes you to 10X levels of success-xx- Grant Cardone . But most are like my sister and me… linked by volatile love, best friends who make other best friends ever so slightly less best-dd- Patricia Volk . A toast once heard: “To my big sister, who never found her second Easter egg until I’d found my first”-dd- Robert Brault . A sister is a special type of angel on earth who brings out your best qualities-dd- Unknown . When I say I won’t tell anyone, my sister doesn’t count-dd- Unknown . In the cookies of life, sisters are the chocolate chips-dd- Unknown . Five sisters-dd- That must have been hell-dd- Amy McAuley . More than Santa Claus, your sister knows when you’ve been bad and good-dd- Linda Sunshine . Sisters don’t need words-dd- They have perfected their own secret language of smiles, sniffs, sighs, gasps, winks and eye rolls-dd- Unknown . The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation-dd- Oscar Wilde . A sister is everything you wish you could be and everything you wish you weren’t-dd- M-dd- Molly Backes . As anybody with two older sisters can tell you, a closed door is like a red rag to a bull-dd- It cannot go unchallenged-dd- Alan Bradley . My sister is a mess-dd- I love her to death, but she is a mess-dd- RJ Mitte . The last thing May says to me is “When our hair is white, we’ll still have our sister love”-dd- Lisa See . “Do you forget that I am your sister-qq-”-dd- “No; I’ve never been granted the opportunity to forget it-dd-” Georgette Heyer . There’s nobody in the world that knows me better than my sister-dd- Tia Mowry . In thee my soul shall own combined the sister and the friend-dd- Catherine Killigrew . The only thing better than having you as my sister is my children having you as their aunt-dd- Unknown . She is your teacher, your defense attorney, your personal press agent, even your shrink-dd- Some days, she’s the reason you wish you were an only child-dd- Barbara Alpert . You can kid the world, but not your sister-dd- Charlotte Gray . If you have a sister and she dies, do you stop saying you have one-qq- Or are you always a sister, even when the other half of the equation is gone-qq- Jodi Picoult . Sisters, as you know, also have a unique relationship-dd- This is the person who has known you your entire life, who should love you and stand by you no matter what, and yet it’s your sister who knows exactly where to drive the knife to hurt you the most-dd- Lisa See . The two sisters didn’t come wailing-dd- They came quietly, holding on to each other-dd- As if they needed no one’s comfort but the other’s-dd- Kristen Ciccarelli . Every woman is, or, at some time, has been a sister or daughter-dd- Unknown . It is strange how sisters can be saviors or strangers and sometimes a bit of both-dd- Amanda Lovelace . I wanted only a familiar voice, someone who knew me-dd- Not some earlier, larval version of myself-dd- Jennifer Haigh . A sister is often a mentor, a guide, and a best friend especially at a time of need-dd- Debasish Mridha . You can’t think how I depend on you, and when you’re not there the colour goes out of my life-dd- Virginia Woolf . A sister takes in pride with you-dd- She is like a girl you can trust with all of your secrets-dd- Kortney Cobbley . We are sisters-dd- We will always be sisters-dd- Our differences may never go away, but neither, for me, will our song-dd- Elizabeth Fishel . Her heart was like a great road with room for everyone-dd- Lisa See . We acquire friends and we make enemies, but our sisters come with the territory-dd- Evelyn Loeb . What are sisters for if not to point out the things the rest of the world is too polite to mention-dd- Claire Cook . Sisterly love is, of all sentiments, the most abstract-dd- Nature does not grant it any functions-dd- Ugo Betti . There is a language every sister knows, a language tender beyond words and rarely spoken-dd- It runs like a string between two hearts, and we only pluck that string in times of trouble-dd- This night […] we speak as sisters-dd- Kathleen Baldwin . Your parents leave you too soon and your kids and spouse come along late, but your siblings know you when you are in your most inchoate form-dd- Jeffrey Kluger . A sibling may be the keeper of one’s identity, the only person with the keys to one’s unfettered, more fundamental self-dd- Marian Sandmaier . The brother and sister pair of: Patience and Hustle are the best siblings ever-xx- Gary Vaynerchuk . Fidelity is the sister of justice-dd- Horace . Foolishness is indeed the sister of wickedness-dd- Sophocles . The boughs, without becoming detached from the trunk grow away from it-dd- Victor Hugo . A sister in a friend will come and go but a friend in a sister will always remain-dd- Unknown . A sister is like yourself in a different movie, a movie that stars you in a different life-dd- Deborah Tannen . My sister is the one person who truly knows me, as I know her-dd- Lisa See . Having a sister is like having a best friend you can’t get rid of-dd- You know whatever you do, they’ll still be there-dd- Amy Li . The best advice my mother ever gave me: ‘Be nice to your sister-dd- Your friends will come and go, but you will always have your sister-dd- And I promise that someday she will be your best friend-dd- Unknown . There can be no situation in life in which the conversation of my dear sister will not administer some comfort to me-dd- Mary Montagu . To have a loving relationship with a sister is not simply to have a buddy or a confident — it is to have a soulmate for life-dd- Victoria Secunda . A sister is one that always cares, she is loving and kind, and will always drop everything if you need her-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . I love the notion of “storm sisters” – soul friends who help us get through life’s most raw and painful transitions-dd- Jennifer Grant . Sister you were the one I always told on, now you’re the friend I always lean on-dd- Unknown . Happiness is a cup of tea and a chat with your sister-dd- Unknown . Comfort is knowing your sister is there when you need her most-dd- Unknown . It’s nice to grow up with a sister; someone to lean on, to count on, and to tell on-dd- Unknown . A sister is a friend you don’t have to avoid the truth with-dd- Michelle Malm . Bond is stronger than blood-dd- The family grows stronger by bond-dd- Itohan Eghide . You are blood-dd- You are sisters-dd- No man can break that bond-dd- Kim Boykin . Sisters are friends we have for a lifetime-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . A sister will always notice her sister’s first gray hairs with glee-dd- Allison M-dd- Lee . Sisterhood and brotherhood is a condition people have to work at-dd- Maya Angelou . When sisters stand shoulder to shoulder, who stands a chance against us-qq- Pam Brown . She is your partner in crime, your midnight companion, someone who knows when you are smiling even in the dark-dd- Barbara Alpert . You may be as different as the sun and the moon, but the same blood flows through both your hearts-dd- You need her, as she needs you-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game Of Thrones) . Sisters are like cookies and milk… Whether things are sweet or crummy, they’re better together-dd- Unknown . If your sister is in a tearing hurry to go out and cannot catch your eye, she’s wearing your best sweater-dd- Pam Brown . Sisterhood is not a destination-dd- But a journey-dd- Unknown . Sisters touch your heart in ways no other could-dd- Sisters share… their hopes, their fears, their love, everything they have-dd- Carrie Bagwell . Sisters don’t need words-dd- They have perfected a language of snarls and smiles and frowns and winks – expressions of shocked surprise and incredulity and disbelief-dd- Pam Brown . To the outside world we all grow old-dd- But not sisters-dd- We know each other as we always were-dd- We live outside the touch of time-dd- Clara Ortega . Sisterhood was about shared experiences, trust, knowing you had people who would be there for you and would listen to you no matter what, and who could always tell if there was something wrong-dd- Michelle Madow . They were the ones who, with a single look, knew if you were about to burst into giggles or into tears and why-dd- Michelle Madow . Of two sisters, one is always the watcher, one the dancer-dd- Louise Glück . Sisters become more beautiful as each day passes by-dd- Michelle Malm . You should never look down on a sister except to pick her up-dd- Unknown . You mess with my sister, you’re messing with me-xx- Loretta Livingstone . A little sister time is good for the soul-dd- Unknown . That’s the best thing about little sisters: They spend so much time wishing they were elder sisters that in the end they’re far wiser than the elder ones could ever be-dd- Gemma Burgess . She’ll go and fall in love, and there’s an end of peace and fun, and cozy times together-dd- Louisa May Alcott . An older sister is a friend and defender – a listener, conspirator, a counsellor and a sharer of delights-dd- And sorrows too-dd- Pam Brown . The mildest, drowsiest sister has been known to turn tiger if her sibling is in trouble-dd- Clara Ortega . Little sisters can be a pain, but the big sister heroine worship can’t be beat-dd- Allison M-dd- Lee . We shared a room, you stole my toys, and then my clothes, but best friends we became-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . A younger sister is someone who trusts you to defend her-dd- Someone who thinks you know the answers to almost everything-dd- Pam Brown . Elder sisters never can do younger ones justice-xx- Charlotte M-dd- Yonge . She’s my little sister-dd- Mine to torture and mine to protect-dd- Julia Quinn . Sisters share the scent and smells – the feel of a common childhood-dd- Pam Brown . As I grew up, one of my strongest allies has been my sister-dd- Patti Smith . A sister smile when one tells one’s stories, for she knows where the decoration has been added-dd- Chris Montaigne . My sister and I are so close that we finish each other’s sentences and often wonder whose memories belong to whom-dd- Shannon Celebi . She is the only person left in the world who shares my memories of our childhood, our parents, our Shanghai, our struggles, our sorrows, and, yes, even our moments of happiness and triumph-dd- Lisa See . You keep your past by having sisters-dd- As you get older, they’re the only ones who don’t get bored if you talk about your memories-dd- Deborah Moggach . We may look old and wish to the outside world, but to each other, we are still in junior school-dd- Charlotte Gray . Back in time it seemed that having a sister were a tragedy-dd- Instead it is one of the best presents my parents could have ever given me-dd- Sara Anzellotti . Children of the same family, the same blood, with the same first associations and habits, have some means of enjoyment in their power, which no subsequent connections can supply-dd- Jane Austen . A sister is someone who owns part of what you own: a house, perhaps, or a less tangible legacy, like memories of your childhood and the experience of your family-dd- Deborah Tannen . Nobody could hold the same place in your heart as your sister-dd- Love or hate her, she was the only person who grew up exactly like you, who knew the secrets of your household-dd- Jessica Taylor . Only your sister could know how it felt to grow up in the house that made you you-dd- Jessica Taylor . Sisters share childhood memories and grown up dreams-dd- Unknown . Sisters function as safety nets in a chaotic world simply by being there for each other-dd- Carol Saline . When traveling life’s journey it’s good to have a sister’s hand to hold on to-dd- Unknown . Sisters make the bad times good and the good times unforgettable-dd- Unknown . Two are better than one… for if they fall one will lift up the other-dd- Unknown . I may not be able to solve all of your problems, but I promise you won’t have to face them alone-dd- Unknown . When you can’t look on the bright side, I will sit with you in the dark-dd- Alice in Wonderland . She stands firmly on her own two feet, and I just behind her; should she ever need me-dd- J-dd- Iron Word . Sisters annoy, interfere, criticize-dd- Indulge in monumental sulks, in huffs, in snide remarks-dd- Borrow-dd- Break-dd- Monopolize the bathroom-dd- Are always underfoot-dd- But if catastrophe should strike, sisters are there-dd- Defending you against all comers-dd- . That was the thing about best friends-dd- Like sisters and mothers, they could piss you off and make you cry and break your heart, but in the end, when the chips were down, they were there, making you laugh even in your darkest hours-dd- Kristen Hannah . Sisters are for sharing laughter and wiping tears-dd- Unknown . Sisters are reliably good for two things: hating and loving-dd- Jessica Knoll . My sister has been there for me through everything-dd- Brad Goreski . Sisters are the second blessing after parents-dd- Unknown . Sisters are like cats-dd- They claw each other all the time but still snuggle up and daydream together-dd- Unknown . A sister is one of the nicest things you can have, and one of the best thing you can be-dd- Unknown . Sisters may drive you crazy, get into your stuff and irritate you-dd- However, if anyone else dares say so, a sister will defend you to the death-dd- Unknown . Sister-dd- She is your mirror, shining back at you with a world of possibilities-dd- She is your witness, who sees you at your worst and best, and loves you anyway-dd- Barbara Alpert . She is your teacher, your defense attorney, your personal press agent, even your shrink-dd- Some days, she’s the reason you wish you were an only child-dd- Barbara Alpert . That’s what sisters do: we argue, we point out each other’s frailties, mistakes, and bad judgment, we flash the insecurities we’ve had since childhood, and then we come back together-dd- Until the next time-dd- Lisa See . A perfect sister I am not, but thankful for the one I’ve got-dd- Unknown . Bless you, my darling, and remember you are always in the heart – oh tucked so close there is no chance of escape – of your sister-dd- Katherine Mansfield . Never let an angry sister comb your hair-dd- Patricia McCann . Love is close to hate when it comes to sisters-dd- You’re as close as two humans can be-dd- You came from the same womb-dd- The same background-dd- Even if you’re poles apart, mentally-dd- That’s why it hurts so much when your sister is unkind-dd- It’s as though part of you is turning against yourself-dd- Jane Corry . You can be boring and tedious with sisters, whereas you have to put on a good face with friends-dd- Deborah Moggach . How do people make it through life without a sister-qq- Sara Corpening . If you don’t understand how a woman could both love her sister dearly and want to wring her neck at the same time, then you were probably an only child-dd- Linda Sunshine . You must recognize that the way to get the good out of your brother and your sister is not to return evil for evil-dd- Louis Farrakhan . Sisters never quite forgive each other for what happened when they were five-dd- Pam Brown . Sisters share a bond unlike any other – thornier, but also tender, full of possibility-dd- Joy McCullough . Sister is probably the most competitive relationship within the family, but once the sisters are grown, it becomes the strongest relationship-dd- Unknown . At this point, none of us are sure why we fight-dd- We’re sisters-dd- We need no good reason to fight, even though we have plenty of them-dd- Ken Wheaton . Nobody fights you like your own sister; nobody else knows the most vulnerable parts of you and will aim for them without mercy-dd- Jojo Moyes . I have a sister, so I know-that relationship, it’s all about fairness: you want your sibling to have exactly what you have-the same amount of toys, the same number of meatballs on your spaghetti, the same share of love-dd- Jodi Picoult . Nancy: “sisters are a shield against life’s cruel adversity”-dd- Decca: “sisters are life’s cruel adversity”-dd- Mary S Lovell . I suppose there are sisters that don’t compete-dd- I have never met one-dd- Lisa Grunwald . Never sever ties with a family member you once loved-dd- Each of you might be on different spiritual paths, but both trails are leading you home-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . How the hell do you sum up your sister in three minutes-qq- She’s your twin and your polar opposite-dd- She’s your constant companion and your competition-dd- She’s your best friend and the biggest bitch in the world-dd- She’s everything you wish you could be and everything you wish you weren’t-dd- M-dd- Molly Backes . Never hold resentments for the person who tells you what you need to hear; count them among your truest, most caring, and valuable friends-dd- Mike Norton . Try not to stab your sister, whatever the provocation-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game Of Thrones) . Sisters examine each other so they can have a map for how they should behave-dd- Michael D-dd- Kahn . No life’s worth more than any other, no sister worth less than any brother-dd- Michael Franti . Siblings that say they never fight are most definitely hiding something-dd- Lemony Snicket . Brothers and sisters are as close as hands and feet-dd- Vietnamese proverb . Our brothers and sisters are there with us from the dawn of our personal stories to the inevitable dusk-dd- Susan Scarf Merrell . My family is everything-dd- I am what I am thanks to my mother, my father, my brother, my sister… because they have given me everything-dd- The education I have is thanks to them-dd- Ronaldinho . I, who have no sisters or brothers, look with some degree of innocent envy on those who may be said to be born to friends-dd- James Boswell . Siblings are the people we practice on, the people who teach us about fairness and cooperation and kindness and caring — quite often the hard way-dd- Pamela Dugdale . No man who respects his mother or loves his sister, can speak disparagingly of any woman; however low she may seem to have sunk, she is still a woman-dd- I want every man to remember this-dd- Victoria Woodhull . Those are the same stars, and that is the same moon, that look down upon your brothers and sisters, and which they see as they look up to them, though they are ever so far away from us, and each other-dd- Sojourner Truth . You don’t choose these people and in the not choosing you learn tolerance-dd- You learn to forgive-dd- Heather Babcock . You need a strong family because at the end, they will love you and support you unconditionally-dd- Luckily, I have my dad, mom and sister-dd- Esha Gupta . There is a little boy inside the man who is my brother… Oh, how I hated that little boy-dd- And how I love him too-dd- Anna Quindlen . I am still the center sister-dd- But I see it differently now-dd- There has to be a middle-dd- Without it, nothing can truly be whole-dd- Because it is not just the space between, but also what holds everything together-dd- Sarah Dessen . We are brothers and sisters-dd- We are one sacred family-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . Brothers and sisters separated by distance, joined by love-dd- Chuck Danes . A sister is God’s way of proving he doesn’t want us to walk alone-dd- Unknown . God made us sisters-dd- Our hearts made us friends-dd- Unknown . Whoever claims to love God yet hates a brother or sister is a liar-dd- For whoever does not love their brother and sister, whom they have seen, cannot love God, whom they have not seen-dd- 1 John 4:20 . Family, friends and relationships are the blessings of the God-dd- They are the best way to access God-dd- Amit Ray . Our brothers and sisters are with us for the whole journey-dd- Katherine Conger . I am so proud to call you sister-dd- I could not ask for a better friend, for a better encourager, you have made a positive difference in my life-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . But what Mom never told me is that along the way, you find sisters, and they find you-dd- Adriana Trigiani . Help one another, is part of the religion of sisterhood-dd- Louisa May Alcott . She is my sister, always, even in death, even beyond-dd- Marie Lu . I came because without her, it’s hard to remember who I am-dd- Jodi Picoult . Seeing her sitting there unresponsive makes me realize that silence has a sound-dd- Jodi Picoult . If you gave someone your heart and they died, did they take it with them-qq- Did you spend the rest of forever with a hole inside you that couldn’t be filled-qq- Jodi Picoult . Grief is loved turned into an eternal missing… It can’t be contained in hours or days or minutes-dd- Rosamund Lupton . I do not mourn the loss of my sister because she will always be with me, in my heart-dd- Erin Morgenstern . The loss of her is already too much and then there’s the other thing – the end of being loved in the way only my sister could love me-dd- Emily Maguire . I would like more sisters, that the taking out of one, might not leave such stillness-dd- Emily Dickinson . Sisters are connected heart to heart, distance and time can’t break them apart-dd- Unknown . She was the sun of my life, the gilder of every pleasure, the soother of every sorrow, I had not a thought concealed from her, and it is as if I had lost a part of myself-dd- Cassandra Austen . Side by side or miles apart, sisters will always be connected by heart-dd- Unknown . There is no better friend than a sister-dd- And there is no better sister than you-dd- Unknown . Sister and friend-dd- Two words that mean the same thing-dd- Unknown . Our paths may change as life goes along but our bond as sisters will remain ever strong-dd- Unknown . There are rare people who will show up at the right time, help you through the hard times and stay into your best times… those are the keepers-dd- Nausicaa Twila . Sister, you are like my angel, with a love that always glows-dd- You are one of the greatest gifts my heart will ever know-dd- Unknown . If one day you feel like crying, call me-dd- I can’t promise to make you laugh, but I’m willing to cry with you-dd- Unknown . My support, my ally, my entertainment, my audience, my critic, my biggest fan, my best friend… my sister-xx- Unknown . Sisters are angels who lift us up when our wings forget how to fly-dd- Unknown . Sister: A person who’s been where you’ve been; someone you can call when things aren’t going right; is more than just family; a sister is a forever friend-dd- Unknown . There is no better friend than a sister-dd- And there is no better sister than you-dd- Unknown . You and I are sisters-dd- Always remember that if you fall, I will pick you up-dd- After I stop laughing-dd- Unknown . I smile because you’re my sister-dd- I laugh because you can’t do anything about it-dd- Unknown . Because angels are sometimes busy elsewhere, god created sisters like you-dd- Sal Williams . She is my sounding board, my confidante, my keeper of secrets – and my best friend-dd- Kathleen O’Keefe . I love you, Sister-dd- And I don’t use that word lightly-xx- (Neither “love”, nor “sister”-dd- You embody both)-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . I’ve been there, sister-dd- There’s not quite a right answer to that question, is there-qq- Hold up your head-dd- You’re much loved-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . How good it is to have a sister whose heart is as young as your own-dd- Pam Brown . Our roots say we’re sisters, our hearts say we’re friends-dd- Unknown . Any day spent with you is my favorite day-dd- So today is my new favorite day-dd- A-dd-A-dd- Milne (Winnie The Pooh) . Blood can help make family, but family often transcends blood-dd- DaShanne Stokes . Change your thoughts and you change your world-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Difficult and meaningful will always bring more satisfaction than easy and meaningless-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Life is too important to be taken seriously-dd- Oscar Wilde . Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . It always seems impossible until it’s done-dd- Nelson Mandela . Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . It’s better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life-dd- Elizabeth Kenny . Life is a question and how we live it is our answer-dd- Gary Keller . Those who realize their folly are not true fools-dd- Zhuangzi . Keep looking up… that’s the secret of life-dd- Snoopy . My life is my message-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing-dd- Seneca . I love those who can smile in trouble-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Be happy for this moment-dd- This moment is your life-dd- Omar Khayyam . Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans-dd- John Lennon . Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking-dd- Marcus Aurelius . It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not-dd- Andre Gide . Dost thou love life-qq- Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Life is like playing a violin in public and learning the instrument as one goes on-dd- Samuel Butler . In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count-dd- It’s the life in your years-dd- Abraham Lincoln . You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching-dd- William W-dd- Purkey . Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact-dd- William James . Do not take life too seriously-dd- You will never get out of it alive-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Do stuff-dd- Be clenched, curious-dd- Not waiting for inspiration’s shove or society’s kiss on your forehead-dd- Pay attention-dd- It’s all about paying attention-dd- Attention is vitality-dd- It connects you with others-dd- It makes you eager-dd- Stay eager-dd- Susan Sontag . Don’t search for the meaning of life-dd- Simply be present for the people you love-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The heart, like the stomach, wants a varied diet-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Life is from the inside out-dd- When you shift on the inside, life shifts on the outside-dd- Kamal Ravikant . Your goal in life is to find out the people who need you the most, to find out the business that needs you the most, to find the project and the art that needs you the most-dd- There is something out there just for you-dd- Naval Ravikant . Sing the song that only you can sing, write the book that only you can write, build the product that only you can build… live the life that only you can live-dd- Naval Ravikant . I tell you, in this world being a little crazy helps to keep you sane-dd- Zsa Zsa Gabor . We know what we are, but know not what we may be-dd- William Shakespeare . Lighten up, just enjoy life, smile more, laugh more, and don’t get so worked up about things-dd- Kenneth Branagh . The trick in life is learning how to deal with it-dd- Helen Mirren . Time means a lot to me because, you see, I, too, am also a learner and am often lost in the joy of forever developing and simplifying-dd- If you love life, don’t waste time, for time is what life is made up of-dd- Bruce Lee . Get busy living or get busy dying-dd- Stephen King . Don’t gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold-dd- Bob Marley . I’m the one that’s got to die when it’s time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to-dd- Jimi Hendrix . To live is the rarest thing in the world-dd- Most people exist, that is all-dd- Oscar Wilde . Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination-dd- Oscar Wilde . Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened-dd- Ludwig Jacobowski (This is one of my favorite life quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all-dd- Helen Keller . Go confidently in the direction of your dreams-xx- Live the life you’ve imagined-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all-dd- St-dd- Augustine . You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough-dd- Mae West . The mind is everything-dd- What you think you become-dd- Buddha . The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step-dd- Lao Tzu . The unexamined life is not worth living-dd- Socrates . Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life-dd- Don’t be trapped by dogma, which is living with the results of other people’s thinking-dd- Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice-dd- And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition-dd- Steve Jobs . You must be the change you wish to see in the world-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The best way out is always through-dd- Robert Frost . Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom-dd- George S-dd- Patton . Our life is frittered away by detail-dd- Simplify, simplify-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Life isn’t about finding yourself-dd- Life is about creating yourself-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Life must be lived and curiosity kept alive-dd- One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life-dd- Mark Twain . Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated-dd- Confucius . If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things-dd- Albert Einstein . Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better-dd- Albert Einstein . Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game-dd- Babe Ruth . Love the life you live-dd- Live the life you love-dd- Bob Marley . Keep calm and carry on-dd- Winston Churchill . Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none-dd- William Shakespeare . Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved-dd- D-dd- H-dd- Lawrence . Life is short, death is forever-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: It goes on-dd- Robert Frost . Life is short but it is wide-dd- This too shall pass-dd- Rebecca Wells . The greatest pleasure of life is love-dd- Euripides . Fortune and love favor the brave-dd- Ovid . Life can be simple and beautiful-dd- Focus on the good things-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Life is a long lesson in humility-dd- James M-dd- Barrie . It’s better to dance than to march through life-dd- Yoko Ono . We are who we choose to be-dd- Green Goblin . I’m always doing things I can’t do-dd- That’s how I get to do them-dd- Pablo Picasso . Life is short, and it is up to you to make it sweet-dd- Sarah Louise Delany . Relentlessly prune bullshit, don’t wait to do things that matter, and savor the time you have-dd- That’s what you do when life is short-dd- Paul Graham . No one can compete with you on being you-dd- Most of life is a search for who and what needs you the most-dd- Naval Ravikant . Play iterated games-dd- All the returns in life, whether in wealth, relationships, or knowledge, come from compound interest-dd- Naval Ravikant . The woman who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd-dd- The woman who walks alone is likely to find herself in places no one has been before-dd- Albert Einstein . To do the useful thing, to say the courageous thing, to contemplate the beautiful thing: that is enough for one man’s life-dd- T-dd-S-dd- Eliot . The purpose of life is to believe, to hope, and to strive-dd- Indira Gandhi . I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples-dd- Mother Teresa . Be willing to sacrifice what you think you have today for the life that you want tomorrow-dd- Neil Strauss . The only impossible journey is the one you never begin-dd- Tony Robbins . Your best life will not be found in comfort-dd- It will be found in fighting for what you believe in-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you-dd- Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision-dd- So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can-dd- Neil Gaiman . My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style-dd- Maya Angelou . Doing is a quantum leap from imagining-dd- Barbara Sher . Life has no meaning unless one lives it with a will, at least to the limit of one’s will-dd- Paul Gauguin . Be so good they can’t ignore you-dd- Steve Martin . If you don’t like something change it; if you can’t change it, change the way you think about it-dd- Mary Engelbreit . The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude-dd- William James . All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them-dd- Walt Disney . We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars-dd- Oscar Wilde . If you say you can or you can’t you are right either way-dd- Henry Ford . Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier-dd- Colin Powell . I am thankful to all who said no to me-dd- It is because of them that I’m doing it myself-dd- Albert Einstein . The dreamers are the saviors of the world-dd- James Allen . Everything has its beauty, but not everyone see its-dd- Confucius . Try to enjoy the great festival of life with other men-xx- Epictetus . Remember: the more you expect things to be a certain way, the more disappointed you’ll be-dd- Accept life as it is-dd- You’ll be free-dd- Maxime Lagacé . In the midst of winter, I found there was within me an invincible summer-dd- Albert Camus . When you arise in the morning think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive, to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Life always waits for some crisis to occur before revealing itself at its most brilliant-dd- Paulo Coelho (Eleven Minutes) . The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware, joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely aware-dd- Henry Miller . Every second you have on this planet is very precious and it’s your responsibility that you’re happy-dd- Naval Ravikant . Three things in life – your health, your mission, and the people you love-dd- That’s it-dd- Naval Ravikant . There is no education like adversity-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . I will go anywhere as long as it’s forward-dd- David Livingston . You’re only here for a short visit-dd- Don’t hurry, don’t worry-dd- And be sure to smell the flowers along the way-dd- Walter Hagen . Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough-dd- Emily Dickinson . You have just one life to live-dd- It is yours-dd- Own it, claim it, live it, do the best you can with it-dd- Hillary Clinton . Most great people have attained their greatest success one step beyond their greatest failure-dd- Napoleon Hill . In the middle of a difficulty lies opportunity-dd- Albert Einstein . Life doesn’t require that we be the best, only that we try our best-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr-dd- . May you live all the days of your life-dd- Jonathan Swift . Happiness is the absence of the striving for happiness-dd- Zhuangzi . Defeat is simply a signal to press onward-dd- Helen Keller . I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life-dd- And that is why I succeed-dd- Michael Jordan . The first step is you have to say that you can-dd- Will Smith . Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success-dd- Dale Carnegie . The purpose of our lives is to be happy-dd- Dalai Lama . Once you choose hope, anything’s possible-dd- Christopher Reeve . Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about-dd- Marilyn Monroe . There is only one happiness in life – to love and to be loved-dd- George Sand . Kid, you’ll move mountains-xx- Today is your day-xx- Your mountain is waiting, so get on your way-xx- Dr-dd- Seuss . Rise above the storm and you will find the sunshine-dd- Mario Fernandez . Some people never go crazy-dd- What truly horrible lives they must lead-dd- Charles Bukowski . Those who believe in telekinetics, raise my hand-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I’m not sure about the universe-dd- Albert Einstein . All you need is love-dd- But a little chocolate now and then doesn’t hurt-dd- Charles Schulz . Accept who you are-dd- Unless you’re a serial killer-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . All generalizations are false, including this one-dd- Mark Twain . When angry, count to four; when very angry, swear-dd- Mark Twain . When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye-dd- Cathy Guisewite . Life is pain-dd- Anyone who says otherwise is selling something-dd- William Goldman . A woman’s mind is cleaner than a man’s: She changes it more often-dd- Oliver Herford . I can resist everything except temptation-dd- Oscar Wilde . The planet is fine-dd- The people are fucked-dd- George Carlin . The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept-dd- George Carlin . I love deadlines, I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by-dd- Douglas Adams . Never trust people who smile constantly-dd- They’re either selling something or not very bright-dd- Laurell K-dd- Hamilton . Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea-dd- Robert A Heinlein . If you’re too open-minded; your brains will fall out-dd- Lawrence Ferlinghetti . Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes-dd- Jim Carrey . What a kid I got, I told him about the birds and the bees and he told me about the butcher and my wife-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . Life is so short-dd- I would rather sing one song than interpret the thousand-dd- Jack London . Life is made of ever so many partings welded together-dd- Charles Dickens . The flavor of life is on the edge-dd- Naval Ravikant . We are evolved to search for meaning but ultimately life has none-dd- Naval Ravikant . This is your life and it’s ending one minute at a time-dd- Tyler Durden (Fight Club) . The more unintelligent a man is, the less mysterious existence seems to him-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . The shortness of life, so often lamented, may be the best thing about it-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . In the book of life, the answers aren’t in the back-dd- Charlie Brown . What gives meaning are challenges-dd- A beautiful life is a meaningful-dd- Say yes to challenges-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Real education starts when you realize that life is wild and you know nothing about it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Nobody can predict the future; the idea is to have a firm grasp of the present-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . The first half of life is devoted to forming a healthy ego, the second half is going inward and letting go of it-dd- Carl Jung . We’re not meant to consume infinite news, porn and food-dd- We live in an era of too much abundance-dd- This is the modern struggle-dd- There is so much of an abundance of cheap, fake, instant dopamine and meaning-dd- How do you motivate yourself to do the real thing any more-qq- Naval Ravikant . We no longer live life-dd- We consume it-dd- Vicki Robin (Your Money Or Your Life) . People say that what we’re all seeking is a meaning for life-dd- I don’t think that’s what we’re really seeking-dd- I think that what we’re seeking is an experience of being alive-dd- Joseph Campbell . Happiness is not the surplus of pleasant over unpleasant moments-dd- Rather happiness consists in seeing one’s life in its entirety as meaningful and worthwhile-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . As Nietzsche put it, if you have a WHY to live, you can bear almost any “HOW”-dd- A meaningful life can be extremely satisfying even in the midst of hardship whereas a meaningless life is a terrible ordeal no matter how comfortable it is-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . The first to apologize is the bravest-dd- The first to forgive is the strongest-dd- The first to forget is the happiest-dd- Unknown . Life is a storm that will test you unceasingly-dd- Don’t wait for calm waters that may not arrive-dd- Derive purpose from resilience-dd- Learn to sail the raging sea-dd- Unknown . Death is not the greatest loss in life-dd- The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live-dd- Norman Cousins . Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself-dd- Rick Riordan . Life is essentially an endless series of problems-dd- The solution to one problem is merely the creation of the next one-dd- Don’t hope for a life without problems-dd- There’s no such thing-dd- Instead, hope for a life full of good problems-dd- Mark Manson . There are two great days in a person’s life – the day we are born and the day we discover why-dd- William Barclay . Life does not owe you anything because life has already given you everything-dd- Ralph Marston . The day you stop racing, is the day you win the race-dd- Bob Marley . Maybe that’s what life is… a wink of the eye and winking stars-dd- Jack Kerouac . The stupid neither forgive nor forget; the naïve forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget-dd- Thomas Szasz . What do you want a meaning for-qq- Life is a desire, not a meaning-dd- Charlie Chaplin . Life’s too mysterious to take too serious-dd- Mary Engelbreit . Nothing you do is going to matter that much in the long run-dd- Don’t take yourself so seriously-dd- Naval Ravikant . Most of life is about searching, it’s not about doing-dd- People spend too much time doing and not thinking about what they should be doing-dd- Naval Ravikant . Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can’t practice any other virtue consistently-dd- Maya Angelou . A little foolishness, enough to enjoy life, and a little wisdom to avoid the errors, that will do-dd- Osho . The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions-dd- Alfred Adler . When it hurts – observe-dd- Life is trying to teach you something-dd- Anita Krizzan . Too many people think life will be easy-dd- Keep it mind that it will not and you’ll find peace of mind-dd- Maxime Lagacé . You’re never wrong if you love and help people-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The only beautiful path is the one you create-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If there’s a single lesson that life teaches us, it’s that wishing doesn’t make it so-dd- Lev Grossman . We are addicted to our thoughts-dd- We cannot change anything if we cannot change our thinking-dd- Santosh Kalwar . In every success story, you will find someone who has made a courageous decision-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Life is to enjoyed, not endured-dd- Gordon Hinckley . Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Life moves pretty fast-dd- If you don’t stop and look around once in a while you could miss it-dd- Ferris Bueller . A fear-oriented man is always calculating, planning, arranging, safeguarding-dd- His whole life is lost in this way-dd- Osho . See: it’s a never-ending upward spiral-dd- And if you think at any point you’re allowed to stop climbing, I’m afraid you’re missing the point-dd- Because the joy is in the climb itself-dd- Mark Manson . Our crisis is no longer material; it’s existential, it’s spiritual-dd- We have so much fucking stuff and so many opportunities that we don’t even know what to give a fuck about anymore-dd- Mark Manson . If we admit that human life can be ruled by reason, then all possibility of life is destroyed-dd- Christopher McCandless (Into The Wild movie) . When you want something in life, you just gotta reach out and grab it-dd- Christopher McCandless (Into The Wild movie) . Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed-dd- Alexander Pope . People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren’t already complicated enough-dd- Carlos Ruiz Zafón . Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment-dd- Rita Mae Brown . Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it’s a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope-dd- Which is what I do, and that enables you to laugh at life’s realities-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner-dd- Lao Tzu . The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which bridge to burn-dd- David Russell . You get in life what you have the courage to ask for-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes-dd- Don’t resist them – that only creates sorrow-dd- Let reality be reality-dd- Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like-dd- Lao Tzu . Love is the goal, life is the journey-dd- Osho . I think being in love with life is a key to eternal youth-dd- Doug Hutchison . Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within-dd- James Baldwin . Love yourself first and everything else falls into line-dd- You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world-dd- Lucille Ball . The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in-dd- Morrie Schwartz . Where there is love there is life-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . If I know what love is, it is because of you-dd- Herman Hesse . You either live a life of love, or a life of fear-dd- The life of fear is the easiest one because you don’t risk anything-dd- You simply protect-dd- The toughest one is the life of love because you risk more-dd- You give all you’ve got-dd- The choice is yours-dd- Maxime Lagacé . There is love and respect for others-dd- There is love and respect for yourself-dd- Start with the latter-dd- Maxime Lagacé . In this life we cannot do great things-dd- We can only do small things with great love-dd- Mother Teresa . It is not where we breathe, but where we Love, that we live-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . I love you not because of who you are, but because of who I am when I am with you-dd- Roy Croft . A drop of love can bring an ocean of tears-dd- Jewish Proverb . We are shaped and fashioned by what we love-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it-dd- Rumi . When we are in love we seem to ourselves quite different from what we were before-dd- Blaise Pascal . The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . Don’t brood-dd- Get on with living and loving-dd- You don’t have forever-dd- Leo Buscaglia . Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do-dd- David Wilkerson . If you would be loved, love, and be loveable-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses-dd- Lao Tzu . Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage-dd- Lao Tzu . Love is a better teacher than duty-dd- Albert Einstein . The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart-dd- Helen Keller . Keep love in your heart-dd- A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead-dd- Oscar Wilde . The only thing we never get enough of is love; and the only thing we never give enough of is love-dd- Henry Miller . Loving people live in a loving world-dd- Hostile people live in a hostile world-dd- Same world-dd- Wayne Dyer . You know you’re in love when you don’t want to fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . The art of love is largely the art of persistence-dd- Albert Ellis . Love does not dominate; it cultivates-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . We are most alive when we’re in love-dd- John Updike . The giving of love is an education in itself-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it-dd- Hubert H-dd- Humphrey . A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you-dd- Elbert Hubbard . You’t don’t need twenty friends to say you have friends-dd- Like most things in life, it’s quality over quantity-dd- The less you have, the more you can take care of them-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The best friend you’ll find in your life is the friend that always come back to you, no matter what happened or how long it has been-dd- Maxime Lagacé . A brother may not be a friend, but a friend will always be a brother-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Friendship is born at the moment when one man says to another “What-xx- You too-qq- I thought that no one but myself…”-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art… It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . It is more fun to talk with someone who doesn’t use long, difficult words but rather short, easy words like “What about lunch-qq-”-dd- A-dd-A-dd- Milne . Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile-dd- Albert Einstein . The capacity for friendship is God’s way of apologizing for our families-dd- Jay McInerney . Silence make the real conversations between friends-dd- Not the saying, but the never needing to say that counts-dd- Margaret Lee Runbeck . The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends-dd- I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature-dd- Jane Austen . Happiness is only real when shared-dd- Jon Krakauer . There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate-dd- Linda Grayson . Don’t walk in front of me… I may not follow-dd- Don’t walk behind me… I may not lead-dd- Walk beside me… just be my friend-dd- Albert Camus . It is a wise father that knows his own child-dd- William Shakespeare . Family is not an important thing-dd- It’s everything-dd- Michael J-dd- Fox . A happy family is but an earlier heaven-dd- George Bernard Shaw . If you’re lucky, family members are friends, and friends are family members-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Make sure they know you love them-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The family is one of nature’s masterpieces-dd- George Santayana . Show me a family of readers, and I will show you the people who move the world-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters-dd- George Herbert . The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home-dd- Confucius . Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children-dd- Charles R-dd- Swindoll . In family life, love is the oil that eases friction, the cement that binds closer together, and the music that brings harmony-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family-dd- Lee Iacocca . Families are the compass that guides us-dd- They are the inspiration to reach great heights, and our comfort when we occasionally falter-dd- Brad Henry . It is not flesh and blood but the heart which makes us fathers and sons-dd- Johann Schiller . When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching – they are your family-dd- Jim Butcher . The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother-dd- Theodore Hesburgh . Family means no one gets left behind or forgotten-dd- David Ogden Stiers . Children are a poor man’s riches-dd- English Proverb . Children have more need of models than critics-dd- Joseph Joubert . Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family-dd- Anthony Brandt . In family relationships, love is really spelled T-dd-I-dd-M-dd-E-dd- Dieter F-dd- Uchtdorf . If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance-dd- George Bernard Shaw . I have learned that to be with those I like is enough-dd- Walt Whitman . Life is trying things to see if they work-dd- Ray Bradbury . A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life-dd- Charles Darwin . A simple definition of success is this: your life could serve as an example for society-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The easiest definition of success is material or financial-dd- The most beautiful definition of success is inner peace-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Life is pretty simple: You do some stuff-dd- Most fails-dd- Some works-dd- You do more of what works-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Success is about creating value-dd- Candice Carpenter . The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you-dd- Bette Midler . Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts-dd- Winston Churchill . Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . I can’t give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time-dd- Herbert Bayard Swope . If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again-dd- Then quit-dd- No use being a damn fool about it-dd- W-dd-C-dd- Fields . Try not to become a man of success-dd- Rather become a man of value-dd- Albert Einstein . It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation-dd- Herman Melville . All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure-dd- Mark Twain . Good is not enough-dd- You’ve got to be great-dd- Simon Cowell . Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get-dd- W-dd-P-dd- Kinsella . Have no fear of perfection – you’ll never reach it-dd- Salvador Dali . Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life-dd- Confucius . Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm-dd- Winston S-dd- Churchill . Without the rain there would be no rainbow-dd- Gilbert Chesterton . Challenges, failures, defeats and ultimately, progress, are what make your life worthwhile-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Scared people want comfort and certainty so they avoid failure-dd- People living fully seek challenges because this is where they feel alive-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick-dd- Don’t lose faith-dd- Steve Jobs . Cry-dd- Forgive-dd- Learn-dd- Move on-dd- Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness-dd- Steve Maraboli . All life is an experiment-dd- The more experiments you make the better-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . You cannot find peace avoiding life-dd- Virginia Woolf . Life is like riding a bicycle-dd- To keep your balance, you must keep moving-dd- Albert Einstein . Life is just the same as learning to swim-dd- Do not be afraid of making mistakes, for there is no other way of learning how to live-xx- Alfred Adler . Life’s under no obligation to give us what we expect-dd- Margaret Mitchell . Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it-dd- Charles Swindoll . All of life is peaks and valleys-dd- Don’t let the peaks get too high and the valleys too low-dd- John Wooden . However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at-dd- Stephen Hawking . I enjoy life when things are happening-dd- I don’t care if it’s good things or bad things-dd- That means you’re alive-dd- Joan Rivers . The truth is you don’t know what is going to happen tomorrow-dd- Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed-dd- Eminem . If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Life is to entered upon with courage-dd- Alexis de Tocqueville . It can be the scariest and most beautiful thing simultaneously-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Life is a single player game-dd- Naval Ravikant . Life consists with wildness-dd- The most alive is the wildest-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises-dd- Samuel Butler . Life is a process-dd- We are a process-dd- The universe is a process-dd- Anne Wilson Schaef . Life is like music for its own sake-dd- We are living in an eternal now, and when we listen to music we are not listening to the past, we are not listening to the future, we are listening to an expanded present-dd- Alan Watts . My life is my argument-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Life is a mixing of all kind of things: comedy and tragedy going together-dd- Alejandro Jodorowsky . Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through-dd- Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it-dd- This is a kind of death-dd- Anais Nin . Life is an ever-flowing process and somewhere on the path some unpleasant things will pop up – it might leave a scar, but then life is flowing, and like running water, when it stops it grows stale-dd- Go bravely on, my friend, because each experience teaches us a lesson-dd- Keep blasting because life is such that sometimes it is nice and sometimes it is not-dd- Bruce Lee . Life is too mysterious to try to map it out-dd- I’ve certainly lived long enough to know it will take you places you never thought it would take you – and some of those places are kind of wonderful-dd- Alan Ball . Life is like a box of sardines and we are all looking for the key-dd- Alan Bennett . Life is a gift, given in trust – like a child-dd- Anne Morrow Lindbergh . Life is an illusion-dd- I am held together in the nothingness by art-dd- Anselm Kiefer . Life is too short to be little-dd- Man is never so manly as when he feels deeply, acts boldly, and expresses himself with frankness and with fervor-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Life is beautiful because it doesn’t last-dd- Brit Marling . The purpose of human life is to serve and to show compassion and the will to help others-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Reverence for life is the highest court of appeal-dd- Albert Schweitzer . The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Life is wide, limitless-dd- There is no border, no frontier-dd- Bruce Lee . Life is a lively process of becoming-dd- Douglas MacArthur . Life is like an onion: you peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep-dd- Carl Sandburg . The goal of life is living in agreement with nature-dd- Citium Zeno . The good life is a process, not a state of being-dd- It is a direction not a destination-dd- Carl Rogers . Life is just one damned thing after another-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Life is no brief candle to me-dd- It is a sort of splendid torch which I have got a hold of for the moment, and I want to make it burn as brightly as possible before handing it onto future generations-dd- George Bernard Shaw . My life is about ups and downs, great joys and great losses-dd- Isabel Allende . Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well-dd- Jack London . Life is a long lesson in humility-dd- James M-dd- Barrie . Life is short-dd- You have to be able to laugh at our pain or we never move on-dd- Jeff Ross . Life is empty, and realizing that, we want to fill it, we are seeking – seeking ways and means, not only to fill this emptiness but also to find something that is not to be measured by man-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Our whole life is solving puzzles-dd- Erno Rubik . Life is largely a matter of expectation-dd- Homer . Life is tragic but it’s equally comic-dd- John Banville . Life is hard-dd- After all, it kills you-dd- Katharine Hepburn . Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Life is a series of commas, not periods-dd- Unknown . Life is growth-dd- If we stop growing, technically and spiritually, we are as good as dead-dd- Morihei Ueshiba . Life is really a dance if you are original, and you are meant to be original-dd- Osho . Life is not a problem-dd- To look at it as a problem is to take a wrong step-dd- It is a mystery to be lived, loved, experienced-dd- Osho . Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third-dd- Marge Piercy . Life is a zoo in a jungle-dd- Peter De Vries . Life is a continuous process of adjustment-dd- Indira Gandhi . Life is to be lived, not controlled, and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat-dd- Ralph Ellison . Life isn’t a matter of milestones, but of moments-dd- Rose Kennedy . The joy of life consists in the inevitable, continual triumph of new values-dd- Wassily Kandinsky . Life is a game and true love is a trophy-dd- Rufus Wainwright . Life is available only in the present moment-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Life is not an exact science, it is an art-dd- Samuel Butler . Life is a dream for the wise, a game for the fool, a comedy for the rich, a tragedy for the poor-dd- Sholom Aleichem . Life is fragile-dd- We’re not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you’ve got-dd- Tim Cook (Apple CEO) . Life is about learning; when you stop learning, you die-dd- Tom Clancy . Life is lived on the edge-dd- Will Smith . Most of life is tragic-dd- You’re born, you don’t know why-dd- You’re here, you don’t know why-dd- You go, you die-dd- Your family dies-dd- Your friends die-dd- People suffer-dd- People live in constant terror-dd- The world is full of poverty and corruption and war and Nazis and tsunamis-dd- The net result, the final count is, you lose – you don’t beat the house-dd- Woody Allen . Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering – and it’s all over much too soon-dd- Woody Allen . Only one life, that soon is past, only what’s done with love will last-dd- . Life is like a box of chocolates-dd- You never know what you’re going to get-dd- Forrest Gump . You can totally do this-dd- . Impossible is for the unwilling-dd- John Keats . No pressure, no diamonds-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Stay foolish to stay sane-dd- Maxime Lagacé . When nothing goes right, go left-dd- . Try Again-dd- Fail again-dd- Fail better-dd- Samuel Beckett . Don’t tell people your plans-dd- Show them your results-dd- . I can and I will-dd- . Take the risk or lose the chance-dd- . Prove them wrong-dd- . No guts, no story-dd- Chris Brady . My life is my message-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Screw it, let’s do it-dd- Richard Branson . Boldness be my friend-dd- William Shakespeare . Keep going-dd- Be all in-dd- Bryan Hutchinson . My life is my argument-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Dream big-dd- Pray bigger-dd- . Leave no stone unturned-dd- Euripides . Fight till the last gasp-dd- William Shakespeare . Stay hungry-dd- Stay foolish-dd- Steve Jobs . Broken crayons still color-dd- . And so the adventure begins-dd- . If you want it, work for it-dd- . You can if you think you can-dd- George Reeves . Whatever you are, be a good one-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Grow through what you go through-dd- . Do it with passion or not at all-dd- . She believed she could, so she did-dd- . The past does not equal the future-dd- Tony Robbins . Good things happen to those who hustle-dd- Anaïs Nin . At the end of hardship comes happiness-dd- . Don’t dream your life, live your dream-dd- . If it matters to you, you’ll find a way-dd- Charlie Gilkey . Forget about style; worry about results-dd- Bobby Orr . Whatever you do, do with all your might-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Dream without fear-dd- Love without limits-dd- . Every noble work is at first impossible-dd- Thomas Carlyle . If you’re going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston Churchill . You can do anything you set your mind to-dd- . We are twice armed if we fight with faith-dd- Plato . The wisest mind has something yet to learn-dd- George Santanaya . Open your mind-dd- Get up off the couch-dd- Move-dd- Anthony Bourdain . Be faithful to that which exists within yourself-dd- André Gide . Persistence guarantees that results are inevitable-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . In life you need either inspiration or desperation-dd- Tony Robbins . I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees-dd- Euripides . The true success is the person who invented himself-dd- Al Goldstein . Let him that would move the world first move himself-dd- Socrates . Go forth on your path, as it exists only through your walking-dd- Augustine of Hippo . We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough-dd- Helen Keller . It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop-dd- Confucius . It is better to live one day as a lion, than a thousand days as a lamb-dd- Roman proverb . Life is fragile-dd- We’re not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you’ve got-dd- Tim Cook . The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and they day you find out why-dd- Mark Twain . Fall seven times, stand up eight-dd- Japanese proverb (This is one of my favorite short quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . You matter-dd- . You are loved-dd- . Actually, you can-dd- . Yes-xx- Yes-xx- You can do it-xx- . Focus on the good-dd- . You are doing great-dd- . We rise by lifting others-dd- . Be happy-dd- Be bright-dd- Be you-dd- . Every day is a second chance-dd- . You are amazing-dd- Remember that-dd- . Darling, you are a work of art-dd- . Each day provides its own gifts-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Happiness looks gorgeous on you-dd- . You are capable of amazing things-dd- . You are somebody’s reason to smile-dd- . Nothing is worth more than this day-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Think like a proton, always positive-dd- . You are stronger than you think you are-dd- . Focus on the journey, not the destination-dd- Greg Anderson . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Once you choose hope, anything’s possible-dd- Christopher Reeve . You make mistakes-dd- Mistakes don’t make you-dd- . Breathe-dd- It’s just a bad day, not a bad life-dd- . Start every day off with a smile and get it over with-dd- W-dd- C-dd- Fields . If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . It’s okay to not be okay as long as you are not giving up-dd- . If you feel like giving up, look back at how far you’ve come-dd- . Every day may not be good but there is something good in every day-dd- . Don’t go through life, grow through life-dd- Eric Butterworth . A problem is a chance for you to do your best-dd- Duke Ellington . You are amazing-dd- As you are-dd- Stronger than you know-dd- More beautiful than you think-dd- Tia Sparkles . Everything is going to be okay in the end-dd- If it’s not the okay, it’s not the end-dd- . Go-xx- . Love-dd- . Begin-dd- . Let go-dd- . Breathe-dd- . Slow down-dd- . Let it be-dd- . Go for it-dd- . I love you-dd- . Keep going-dd- . Choose joy-dd- . Enjoy today-dd- . C’est la vie-dd- . Choose happy-dd- . Keep it cool-dd- . Take it easy-dd- . Be in the now-dd- . Live the moment-dd- . Choose to shine-dd- . No pain, no gain-dd- . Do it-dd- With love-dd- . It is what it is-dd- . Love conquers all-dd- . Keep your chin up-dd- . Follow your heart-dd- . Don’t rush things-dd- . You only live once-dd- . Never stop dreaming-dd- . Now is all you have-dd- . Keep moving forward-dd- . This too shall pass-dd- . Every moment matters-dd- . Love more-dd- Worry less-dd- . Dust settles-dd- I don’t-dd- . Nothing lasts forever-dd- . Work hard-dd- Stay humble-dd- . Enjoy the little things-dd- . The best is yet to come-dd- . Better things are coming-dd- . Collect moments – not things-dd- . Feel the fear and do it anyway-dd- . Life is too short to learn German-dd- Oscar Wilde . Why do they put pizza in a square box-qq- . Do crabs think we walk sideways-qq- Bill Murray . Don’t be humble, you’re not that great-dd- Indira Gandhi . I intend to live forever-dd- So far, so good-dd- Steven Wright . My life feels like a test I didn’t study for-dd- . Why is there an expiration date on sour cream-qq- George Carlin . This suspense is terrible-dd- I hope it will last-dd- Oscar Wilde . I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol-dd- Steven Wright . A day without sunshine is like, you know, night-dd- Steve Martin . In heaven, all the interesting people are missing-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The last woman I was in was the Statue of Liberty-dd- Woddy Allen . Women want love to be a novel-dd- Men, a short story-dd- Daphne du Maurier . Guests, like fish, begin to smell after three days-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company-dd- Mark Twain . Whoever named it necking is a poor judge of anatomy-dd- Groucho Marx . Change is inevitable – except from a vending machine-dd- Robert C-dd- Gallagher . I bet giraffes don’t even know what farts smell like-dd- Bill Murray . Every novel is a mystery novel if you never finish it-dd- . Why is the slowest traffic of the day called ‘rush hour’-qq- . It’s easy to quit smoking-dd- I’ve done it hundreds of times-dd- Mark Twain . The risk I took was calculated, but man, I am bad at math-dd- . I couldn’t repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder-dd- Steven Wright . Do not read the next sentence-dd- You little rebel, I like you-dd- . Just when I discovered the meaning of life, they changed it-dd- George Carlin . Always borrow money from a pessimist-dd- He won’t expect it back-dd- Oscar Wilde . If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in a library-qq- Lily Tomlin . I love deadlines-dd- I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by-dd- Douglas Adams . I never feel more alone than when I’m trying to put sunscreen on my back-dd- Jimmy Kimmel . Those are my principles, and if you don’t like them… well, I have others-dd- Groucho Marx . The key to eating healthy is not eating any food that has a TV commercial-dd- Mike Birbiglia . I’ve got to keep breathing-dd- It’ll be my worst business mistake if I don’t-dd- Steve Martin . There are three types of people in this world: those who can count, and those who can’t-dd- . The closest a person ever comes to perfection is when he fills out a job application form-dd- . No rain-dd- No flowers-dd- . Shine like the stars-dd- . You make my heart smile-dd- . You will forever be my always-dd- . Your voice is my favorite sound-dd- . Throw kindness around like confetti-dd- . My favorite place is inside your hug-dd- . I still fall in love with you every day-dd- . You smile, I smile-dd- That’s how it works-dd- . She was a rainbow, but he was color blind-dd- . We were born to be real, not to be perfect-dd- . When I count my blessings, I count you twice-dd- . By the way, I’m wearing the smile you gave me-dd- . If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life-dd- Oscar Wilde . When it rains look for rainbows-dd- When it’s dark look for stars-dd- . To the world you may be one person, but to one person you are the world-dd- Bill Wilson . I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you-dd- Ray Croft . Be a voice-dd- Not an echo-dd- . Seek the seeker-dd- Ramana Maharshi . Every wall is a door-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The only truth is music-dd- Jack Kerouac . Silence is an answer too-dd- . If youth knew; if age could-dd- Sigmund Freud . Time is the soul of this world-dd- Pythagoras . Stars can’t shine without darkness-dd- . He not busy being born is busy dying-dd- Bob Dylan . It takes a long time to become young-dd- Pablo Picasso . Be who you needed when you were young-dd- . Innocence is courage and clarity both-dd- Osho . Find what you love and let it kill you-dd- Charles Bukowski . Sadness flies away on the wings of time-dd- Jean de La Fontaine . I am not young enough to know everything-dd- Oscar Wilde . Life is like the ocean, it goes up and down-dd- Vanessa Paradis . The eyes are useless when the mind is blind-dd- . If you’re not confused, you’re not paying attention-dd- Tom Peters . You’ve gotta know what death is to know life-dd- Jack Kevorkian . Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today-dd- Will Rogers . Forgiveness is giving up hope for a better past-dd- . Be kind to unkind people, they need it the most-dd- . Solitary trees, if they grow at all, grow strong-dd- Winston Churchill . Character like a photograph, develops in darkness-dd- . The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship-dd- William Blake . Life is a question and how we live it is our answer-dd- Gary Keller . God provides the wind, but man must raise the sails-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth-dd- Pablo Picasso . Enlightenment is when a wave realizes it is the ocean-dd- . The truth isn’t always beauty, but the hunger for it is-dd- Nadine Gordimer . This is your life, and it’s ending one minute at a time-dd- . Hearts are wild creatures, that’s why our ribs are cages-dd- . Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit-dd- Khalil Gibran . Your faith can move mountains and your doubt can create them-dd- . The knowledge of happiness brings the knowledge of unhappiness-dd- Swami Vivekananda . There are those who give with joy, and that joy is their reward-dd- Khalil Gibran . Life is the car, your heart is the key and God is the chauffeur-dd- Sri Sathya Sai Baba . You are not a drop in the ocean-dd- You are the entire ocean in a drop-dd- Rumi . Normality is a paved road: it’s comfortable to walk, but no flowers grow on it-dd- . One is never afraid of the unknown; one is afraid of the known coming to an end-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . When you’re happy you enjoy the music, when you’re sad you understand the lyrics-dd- . When you’ve seen beyond yourself, then you may find, peace of mind is waiting there-dd- George Harrison . You have to be odd to be number one-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Please all, and you will please none-dd- Aesop . The fool wonders, the wise man asks-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor-dd- . Pain is inevitable-dd- Suffering is optional-dd- . A man can’t ride your back unless it’s bent-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Don’t raise your voice-dd- Improve your argument-dd- . Chop your own wood and it will warm you twice-dd- Henry Ford . Some people are so poor, all they have is money-dd- Jack Kerouac . All generalizations are false, including this one-dd- Mark Twain . It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see-dd- Henry David Thoreau . There is no saint without a past, no sinner without a future-dd- Augustine of Hippo . We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give-dd- Winston Churchill . It’s so strange that autumn is so beautiful; yet everything is dying-dd- . It’s no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction-dd- Fiction has to make sense-dd- Mark Twain . The man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd-dd- James Crook . What counts can’t always be counted; what can be counted doesn’t always count-dd- Albert Einstein . As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Life is not about how fast you run or how high you climb, but how well you bounce-dd- Vivian Komori . Concentration is the ability to think about absolutely nothing when it is absolutely necessary-dd- Ray Knight . It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open one’s mouth and remove all doubt-dd- Mark Twain . So it goes-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Live the life you’ve dreamed-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Life is not fair; get used to it-dd- Bill Gates . Life is a long lesson in humility-dd- James M-dd- Barrie . Life is a lively process of becoming-dd- Douglas MacArthur . The unexamined life is not worth living-dd- Socrates . Life is largely a matter of expectation-dd- Homer . Don’t count the days-dd- Make the days count-dd- . Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly-dd- Mae West . Don’t wait-dd- Life goes faster than you think-dd- . Be soft-dd- Do not let the world make you hard-dd- . Life is too important to be taken seriously-dd- Oscar Wilde . Life is either a daring adventure or nothing-dd- Helen Keller . The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Love the life you live-dd- Lead the life you love-dd- Bob Marley . Life is accepting what is and working from that-dd- Gloria Naylor . We are all, right now, living the life we choose-dd- Peter McWilliams . Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued-dd- Socrates . Live your life, do your work, then take your hat-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Life got to be about more than just solving problems-dd- Elon Musk . Life isn’t as serious as the mind makes it out to be-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Life is about making an impact, not making an income-dd- Kevin Kruse . The quality of life is more important than life itself-dd- Alexis Carrel . You have to die a few times before you can really live-dd- Charles Bukowski . What’s coming will come and we’ll meet it when it does-dd- Hagrid . Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage-dd- Anaïs Nin . Life is defined more by its risks than by its samenesses-dd- Mary Anne Radmacher . You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough-dd- Mae West . Sometimes life has its way with you when you least expect it-dd- Jon Hamm . Life isn’t about getting and having, it’s about giving and being-dd- Kevin Kruse . Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Life is amazing-dd- Life is fucking messy-dd- Life is what you make of it-dd- Dwayne Johnson . Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing-dd- Oscar Wilde . Only one life that soon is past, only what’s done with love will last-dd- . Don’t be afraid your life will end-dd- Be afraid that it will never begin-dd- Grace Hansen . To live is the rarest thing in the world-dd- Most people exist, that is all-dd- Oscar Wilde . Life is like riding a bicycle-dd- To keep your balance, you must keep moving-dd- Albert Einstein . In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on-dd- Robert Frost . Life really does begin at forty-dd- Up until then, you are just doing research-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . The meaning of life is to find your gift-dd- The purpose of life is to give it away-dd- William Skakespeare . Life, it seems, is nothing if not a series of initiations, transitions, and incorporations-dd- Alan Dundes . Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away-dd- Maya Angelou . Life is pure adventure, and the sooner we realize that, the quicker we will be able to treat life as art-dd- Maya Angelou . I’ve never been poor, only broke-dd- Being poor is a frame of mind-dd- Being broke is only a temporary situation-dd- Mike Todd . Enjoy the little things in life because one day you’ll look back and realize they were the big things-dd- . I think people spend too much time staring into screens and not enough time drinking wine, tongue kissing, and dancing under the moon-dd- Rachel Wolchin . To love is to act-dd- Victor Hugo . All you need is love-dd- John Lennon . Do all things with love-dd- Og Mandino . Every lover is a soldier-dd- Ovid . Who, being loved, is poor-qq- Oscar Wilde . Speak low, if you speak love-dd- William Shakespeare . Love is the absence of judgment-dd- Dalai Lama . If you wished to be loved, love-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Love the sinner and hate the sin-dd- Augustine of Hippo . If a thing loves, it is infinite-dd- William Blake . In true love, you attain freedom-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Economized love is never real love-dd- Honore De Balzac . Love does not dominate; it cultivates-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The more you judge, the less you love-dd- Honore de Balzac . Lovers quarrels are the renewal of love-dd- Terence . Life is a game and true love is a trophy-dd- Rufus Wainwright . To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven-dd- Karen Sunde . Love is the flower you’ve got to let grow-dd- John Lennon . If love appears, boundaries will disappear-dd- Osho . Intense love does not measure, it just gives-dd- Mother Teresa . They do not love that do not show their love-dd- William Shakespeare . Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it-dd- Benjamin Franklin . The more you love, the more you become lovable-dd- Osho . You cannot save people, you can just love them-dd- Anaïs Nin . Love is a thing that is full of cares and fears-dd- Ovid . It is love alone that gives worth to all things-dd- Teresa of Avila . Life in abundance comes only through great love-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . The art of love is largely the art of persistence-dd- Albert Ellis . If you judge people, you have no time to love them-dd- Mother Teresa . Never love anyone who treats you like you’re ordinary-dd- Oscar Wilde . You give me the kind of feeling people write novels about-dd- . Follow love and it will flee, flee love and it will follow-dd- John Gay . Love is like the wind, you can’t see it but you can feel it-dd- Nicholas Sparks . Stay away from people who make you feel like you’re hard to love-dd- . Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood-dd- George Orwell . Never let an opportunity to tell someone how much they mean to you-dd- . The quickest way to get someone’s attention is to no longer want it-dd- . True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . Spread love everywhere you go-dd- Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier-dd- Mother Teresa . Do what you love-dd- Know your own bone; gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Love needs great courage-dd- It needs great courage because it needs the sacrifice of the ego-dd- Osho . I don’t have time to worry about who doesn’t like me-dd- I’m too busy loving people who love me-dd- . Do not seek the because – in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions-dd- Anaïs Nin . Whoever loves becomes humble-dd- Those who love have, so to speak, pawned a part of their narcissism-dd- Sigmund Freud . You are enough-dd- . Nobody is perfect-dd- . Make yourself a priority-dd- . This is who the fuck I am-dd- Lady Gaga . Find yourself, and be that-dd- . Different doesn’t mean wrong-dd- . Where’s your will to be weird-qq- Jim Morrison . And now I’ll do what’s best for me-dd- . Above all things, reverence yourself-dd- Pythagoras . Self-respect knows no considerations-dd- Mohandas Gandhi . No one is laughable who laughs at himself-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Why fit in when you were born to stand out-qq- Dr-dd- Seuss . Personal love is concentrated universal love-dd- Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . You are not designed for everyone to like you-dd- . Accept who you are-dd- Unless you’re a serial killer-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself-dd- Coco Chanel . Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are-dd- Kurt Cobain . To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance-dd- Oscar Wilde . Whatever makes you weird is probably your greatest asset-dd- . If you are lonely when you’re alone, you are in bad company-dd- Jean-Paul Sartre . The worst loneliness is not to be comfortable with yourself-dd- Mark Twain . I’m currently under construction-dd- Thank you for your patience-dd- . The reward for conformity is that everyone likes you but yourself-dd- Rita Mae Brown . Be yourself-dd- People don’t have to like you, and you don’t have to care-dd- . Your value doesn’t decrease based on someone’s inability to see your worth-dd- . It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not-dd- André Gide . I found that there is only one thing that heals every problem, and that is: to know how to love yourself-dd- Louise Hay . Smile, it’s free therapy-dd- . Freedom lies in being bold-dd- Robert Frost . A happy wife is a happy life-dd- Gavin Rossdale . Happiness lies in perspective-dd- . Boredom: the desire for desires-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Do more of what makes you happy-dd- . Happiness depends upon ourselves-dd- Aristotle . The less I needed, the better I felt-dd- Charles Bukowski . Be happy in the moment, that’s enough-dd- Mother Teresa . Happiness can exist only in acceptance-dd- George Orwell . Man is the artificer of his own happiness-dd- Henry David Thoreau . One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory-dd- Rita Mae Brown . To live happily is an inward power of the soul-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Anything you’re good at contributes to happiness-dd- Bertrand Russell . A happy soul is the best shield for a cruel world-dd- Atticus . There is no way to happiness-dd- Happiness is the way-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Never expect anything-dd- You’ll never be disappointed-dd- . Work out your own salvation-dd- Do not depend on others-dd- Buddha . Happiness is the absence of the pursuit of happiness-dd- . Stay true to you and you will end up incredibly happy-dd- . Happiness is needing less-dd- Unhappiness is wanting more-dd- . The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it-dd- Richard Bach . If you carry joy in your heart, you can heal any moment-dd- Carlos Santana . Life’s greatest happiness is to be convinced we are loved-dd- Victor Hugo . Be happy with what you have-dd- Be excited about what you want-dd- Alan Cohen . Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough-dd- Emily Dickinson . To be content means that you realize you contain what you seek-dd- Alan Cohen . Happy are those who dare courageously to defend what they love-dd- Ovid . Whatever it is, find something to be excited about for tomorrow-dd- . Doing what you like is freedom-dd- Liking what you do is happiness-dd- Frank Tyger . The key to happiness is doing something you like every single day-dd- Victor Pride . We don’t laugh because we’re happy – we’re happy because we laugh-dd- William James . Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling-dd- Margaret Lee Runbeck . True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one’s self-dd- Joseph Addison . Base your happiness on taking action toward those goals, not on attaining them-dd- Laura J-dd- Tong . A lifetime of happiness-xx- No man alive could bear it: it would be hell on earth-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Most people have never learned that one of the main aims in life is to enjoy it-dd- Samuel Butler . Happiness cannot be accumulated-dd- What is accumulated is always destructed by time-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul-dd- Democritus . A friend is a second self-dd- Aristotle . Choose people who lift you up-dd- Michelle Obama . Find your tribe-dd- Love them hard-dd- . Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud-dd- . Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Any day spent with you is my favorite day-dd- . The only way to have a friend is to be one-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Friends are the siblings God never gave us-dd- Mencius . Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer-dd- Jean de La Fontaine . The good man is the friend of all living things-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives-dd- Euripides . Treasure your relationships, not your possessions-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . Friendship always benefits; love sometimes injures-dd- Seneca . The language of friendship is not words but meanings-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Friends-qq- You don’t need more than your few close ones-dd- Alden Tan . Wherever we are, it is our friends that make our world-dd- Henry Drummond . It’s a beautiful thing to love others just as they are-dd- . My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me-dd- Henry Ford . If you have one true friend you have more than your share-dd- Thomas Fuller . The real business of life is trying to understand each other-dd- Gilbert Parker . People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges-dd- Joseph F-dd- Newton . Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness-dd- Euripides . A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you-dd- Elbert Hubbard . The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it-dd- Hubert H-dd- Humphrey . True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable-dd- David Tyson . ‘Enough’ is a feast-dd- Buddhist proverb . Count your blessings-dd- Og Mandino . Be obsessively grateful-dd- . Gratitude changes everything-dd- . Gratitude is the sign of noble souls-dd- Aesop . Start each day with a grateful heart-dd- . Joy is the simplest form of gratitude-dd- Karl Barth . Expect nothing and appreciate everything-dd- . A grateful heart is a magnet for miracles-dd- . Gratitude is riches-dd- Complaint is poverty-dd- Doris Day . Silent gratitude isn’t very much to anyone-dd- Gertrude Stein . Don’t forget who was with you from the start-dd- . When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened-dd- Ludwig Jacobowski . Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Pull over to the side of your journey and look how far you’ve come-dd- . How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard-dd- Winnie the Pooh . Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Kindness is wisdom-dd- Philip James Bailey . Kindness is contagious-dd- . Fair and softly goes far-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . Kindness is always beautiful-dd- . Real kindness seeks no return-dd- . Be gentle first with yourself-dd- Lama Yeshe . Do small things with great love-dd- Mother Teresa . You will never regret being kind-dd- . In the end, only kindness matters-dd- . For it is in giving that we receive-dd- Francis of Assisi . No one has ever become poor by giving-dd- Anne Frank . Kind people are the best kind of people-dd- . Kindness is not an act, it’s a lifestyle-dd- . The more sympathy you give, the less you need-dd- Malcolm S-dd- Forbes . In a world where you can be anything, be kind-dd- . Be kind to unkind people-dd- They need it the most-dd- . Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle Ian Maclaren . Kindness, I’ve discovered, is everything in life-dd- Isaac Bashevis . A warm smile is the universal language of kindness-dd- William Arthur Ward . Be somebody who makes everybody feel like a somebody-dd- . We are all different-dd- Don’t judge, understand instead-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . If you can’t feed a hundred people, then feed just one-dd- Mother Teresa . What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness-qq- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted-dd- Aesop . You can accomplish by kindness what you cannot by force-dd- Publilius Syrus . The end result of kindness is that it draws people to you-dd- Anita Roddick . Kindness is like snow – it beautifies everything it covers-dd- Khalil Gibran . We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do-dd- Mother Teresa . It’s nice to be important, but it’s more important to be nice-dd- . How you make others feel about themselves says a lot about you-dd- . Be kinder to yourself-dd- And then let your kindness flood the world-dd- . How do we change the world-qq- One random act of kindness at the time-dd- . I don’t worry about people misinterpreting my kindness for weakness-dd- Jason Bateman . Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Do less-dd- Be more-dd- Neil Strauss . You are your choices-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Be true to who you are-dd- . My forte is awkwardness-dd- Zach Galifianakis . We are what we believe we are-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Do as you wish-dd- Be as you are-dd- . It’s ok to put yourself first-dd- . Know who you are and know it’s enough-dd- . The ultimate mystery is one’s own self-dd- Sammy Davis Jr-dd- . Character is simply habit long continued-dd- Plutarch . This above all: to thine own self be true-dd- William Shakespeare . Adventure is not outside man; it is within-dd- George Eliot . You are who you are when nobody’s watching-dd- Stephen Fry . To know oneself, one should assert oneself-dd- Albert Camus . The things that we love tell us what we are-dd- Thomas Aquinas . When I am silent, I have thunder hidden inside-dd- Rumi . I may be no better, but at least I am different-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . There is no competition because nobody can be me-dd- . I am not the perishable body, but the eternal Self-dd- Ramana Maharshi . What I’m looking for is not out there, it is in me-dd- Helen Keller . Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise-dd- Sigmund Freud . Sometimes it’s only madness that makes us what we are-dd- . As long as you can find yourself, you’ll never starve-dd- Suzanne Collins . Self-esteem is the reputation we acquire with ourselves-dd- Nathaniel Branden . Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is enlightenment-dd- Lao Tzu . The only tyrant I accept in this world is the still voice within-dd- Mohandas Gandhi . Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority-dd- Tom Hopkins . Life isn’t about finding yourself-dd- Life is about creating yourself-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Never be an imitator, be always original-dd- Don’t become a carbon copy-dd- Osho . The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others-dd- Mohandas Gandhi . Life is really a dance if you are original, and you are meant to be original-dd- Osho . He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still-dd- Lao Tzu . What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Dreams don’t work unless you do-dd- . Everything you can imagine is real-dd- Pablo Picasso . If you can dream it, you can do it-dd- Walt Disney . Don’t dream your life, live your dream-dd- . Nothing happens unless first we dream-dd- Carl Sandburg . The dreamers are the saviors of the world-dd- James Allen . If you give up on your dreams, what’s left-qq- Jim Carrey . It may be that those who do most, dream most-dd- Stephen Butler Leacock . Make your dreams happen-dd- Die with memories, not dreams-dd- . If it’s still in your mind, it is worth taking the risk-dd- . Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity-dd- Khalil Gibran . I dream-dd- Sometimes I think that’s the only right thing to do-dd- Haruki Murakami . Dreams are often most profound when they seem the most crazy-dd- Sigmund Freud . The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams-dd- Oprah Winfrey . The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . You can’t put a limit on anything-dd- The more you dream, the farther you get-dd- Michael Phelps . Go confidently in the direction of your dreams and live the life you have imagined-dd- Henry David Thoreau . You are beautiful-dd- . Be beautiful your own way-dd- . There is beauty in simplicity-dd- . To love beauty is to see light-dd- Victor Hugo . Beauty awakens the soul to act-dd- Dante Alighieri . Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius-dd- . Beauty is the promise of happiness-dd- Stendhal . A beautiful thing is never perfect-dd- Egyptian proverb . Do something wonderful, people may imitate it-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it-dd- Confucius . Beauty always promises, but never gives anything-dd- Simone Weil . The human soul needs actual beauty more than bread-dd- D-dd- H-dd- Lawrence . Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself-dd- Coco Chanel . I’ve never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful-dd- . If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads-dd- Anatole France . Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart-dd- Khalil Gibran . Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy-dd- Anne Frank . Sometimes you need to close your eyes to see the real beauty-dd- . For me the greatest beauty always lies in the greatest clarity-dd- Gotthold Ephraim Lessing . The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth-dd- Lao Tzu . I don’t think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains-dd- Anne Frank . You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed-dd- And you are beautiful-dd- Amy Bloom . The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched – they must be felt with the heart-dd- Helen Keller . Time is money-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Time is all we have-dd- . Good things take time-dd- . Time eases all things-dd- Sophocles . Lost time is never found again-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Time brings all things to pass-dd- Aeschylus . Time is the wisest counsellor of all-dd- Pericles . Time is but the stream I go fishing in-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The trouble is, you think you have time-dd- Jack Kornfield . Nothing is so dear and precious as time-dd- French proverb . Time you enjoy wasting isn’t wasted time-dd- . Time is a game played beautifully by children-dd- Heraclitus . Don’t wait-dd- The time will never be just right-dd- Mark Twain . Time is what we want most, but what we use worst-dd- William Penn . It’s not about having time, it’s about making time-dd- . The two most powerful warriors are patience and time-dd- Leo Tolstoy . In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy-dd- William Blake . Taking crazy things seriously is a serious waste of time-dd- Haruki Murakami . Being rich is having money, being wealthy is having time-dd- Stephen Swid . Be patient and tough; one day this pain will be useful to you-dd- Ovid . Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life-dd- Steve Jobs . If you love life, don’t waste time for time is what life is made up of-dd- Bruce Lee . Own less-dd- Do more-dd- . Simplify, simplify-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Order brings peace-dd- St-Augustine . More life, less rush-dd- . Buy less, choose well-dd- Vivienne Westwood . Do more of what matters-dd- Anthony Ongaro . Fewer things-dd- More peace-dd- . Brevity is the soul of wit-dd- William Shakespeare . Stop the glorification of busy-dd- . Simplicity is the soul of efficiency-dd- Austin Freeman . Once you need less, you will have more-dd- . I make myself rich by making my wants few-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Owning less is better than organizing more-dd- Joshua Becker . He is richest who is content with the least-dd- Socrates . Learn to say no without explaining yourself-dd- . Who is rich-qq- He that rejoices in his portion-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Owning less is great, wanting less is better-dd- Joshua Becker . Someone else is happy with less than you have-dd- . You don’t need more space-dd- You need less stuff-dd- . Minimalism is not deprivation, it’s liberation-dd- . The most important things in life aren’t things-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . A place for everything, everything in its place-dd- Benjamin Franklin . There is more to life than increasing its speed-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . It is quality rather than quantity that matters-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . The need for less often result in a life of more-dd- Brian Gardner . Love people, use things-dd- The opposite never works-dd- The Minimalists . The verbal expression of simplicity is ‘no thanks’-dd- . Remember, you probably already have more than you need-dd- . Owning things has a cost, and money is the least of it-dd- David Cain . Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated-dd- Confucius . I was living the American dream and I realized it wasn’t my dream-dd- Joshua Fields Millburn . Stop pressing rewind on things that should be deleted in your life-dd- . The more possessions you have, the less time you have to enjoy them-dd- . My goal is no longer to get more done, but rather to have less to do-dd- Francine Jay . Being a minimalist means you value yourself more than material things-dd- . Getting all of that stuff out of your life (and your mind) is addictive-dd- Tynan . Instead of working so hard to make ends meet, work on having fewer ends-dd- Courtney Carver . It’s not the daily increase but daily decrease-dd- Hack away at the unessential-dd- Bruce Lee . Minimalism is not about having less, it’s about making room for more of what matters-dd- . Don’t buy shit you don’t need, with money you don’t have, to impress people you don’t like-dd- Tyler Durden, Fight Club . Our economy is based on spending billions to persuade people that happiness is buying things-dd- Philip Slater . You don’t need to remove clutter if you don’t let it enter your home or office in the first place-dd- Jeri Dansky . Stop trying to impress others with the things that you own-dd- Begin inspiring them by the way you live-dd- . What is minimalism then-qq- It’s living lightly and gracefully on the earth-dd- It’s uncovering who you are-dd- Francine Jay . No ego, no pain-dd- Chien-ju . What we think, we become-dd- Buddha . I don’t mind what happens-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . He who is contented is rich-dd- Lao Tzu . Smile, breathe and go slowly-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Even monkeys fall from trees-dd- Japanese proverb . Confine yourself to the present-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Enough is abundance to the wise-dd- Euripides . Inhale the future-dd- Exhale the past-dd- . He who knows he has enough is rich-dd- Lao Tzu . Wherever you are, be totally there-dd- Eckart Tolle . Water which is too pure has no fish-dd- Ts’ai Ken T’an . The essence of the Way is detachment-dd- Bodhidharma . Neither seek nor avoid, take what comes-dd- Swami Sivananda . If it comes; let it-dd- If it goes; let it-dd- . Be like a tree-dd- Let the dead leaves drop-dd- Rumi . The greatest achievement is selflessness-dd- . If all you can do is crawl, start crawling-dd- Rumi . There are no problems without consciousness-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . The quieter you become, the more you can hear-dd- Baba Ram Dass . If you are too busy to laugh, you are too busy-dd- . When the disciple is ready, the master appears-dd- Osho . Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it-dd- Confucius . The greatest effort is not concerned with results-dd- . Give this moment your attention – and affection-dd- Alex Blackwell . Who looks outside dreams, who looks inside awakens-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . There is no path to happiness-dd- Happiness is the path-dd- Buddha . New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings-dd- Lao Tzu . Awareness is freedom, it brings freedom, it yields freedom-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The only way you can endure your pain is to let it be painful-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Be not afraid of going slowly, be afraid only of standing still-dd- Chinese proverb . Contentment comes not so much from great wealth as from few wants-dd- Epictetus . Tension is who you think you should be, relaxation is who you are-dd- Chinese proverb . The softest things in the world overcome the hardest things in the world-dd- Lao Tzu . Do not listen with the intent to reply-dd- But with the intent to understand-dd- . A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials-dd- Chinese proverb . You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need-dd- Vernon Howard . Open your mouth only if what you are going to say is more beautiful than silence-dd- . Life is now-dd- There was never a time when your life was not now, nor will there ever be-dd- Eckhart Tolle . If you are depressed, you are living in the past-dd- If you are anxious, you are living in the future-dd- If you are at peace, you are living in the present-dd- Lao Tzu . Peace is every step-dd- Thich Nhat Hahn . My aim in life is not to judge-dd- Jeanne Moreau . A smile is the beginning of peace-dd- Mother Teresa . Nonviolence is a weapon of the strong-dd- Mohandas Gandhi . Peace is the only battle worth waging-dd- Albert Camus . Freedom from desire leads to inner peace-dd- Lao Tsu . It is possible to choose peace over worry-dd- . There is no way to peace, peace is the way-dd- A-dd-J-dd- Muste . Peace is costly but it is worth the expense-dd- African proverb . Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err-dd- Euripides . Peace comes from within-dd- Do not seek it without-dd- Buddha . Let nothing and no one disturb your inner peace-dd- Luminita Saviuc . Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others-dd- Gerald Jampolsky . Don’t hurry-dd- Don’t worry-dd- Do your best and let it rest-dd- . To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders-dd- Lao Tzu . I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Let loose of what you can’t control-dd- Serenity will be yours-dd- . He is happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future-dd- Paul Boese . We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding-dd- Albert Einstein . When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace-dd- Jimi Hendrix . The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Our task must be to free ourselves by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and its beauty-dd- Albert Einstein . Time discovers truth-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Truth is a pathless land-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Seek truth and you will find a path-dd- Frank Slaughter . Adversity is the first path to truth-dd- Lord Byron . Falsehood is easy, truth so difficult-dd- George Eliot . Truth is on the side of the oppressed-dd- Malcolm X . The object of the superior man is truth-dd- Confucius . The truth is rarely pure and never simple-dd- Oscar Wilde . Be truthful, nature only sides with truth-dd- Adolf Loos . There is no truth-dd- There is only perception-dd- Gustave Flaubert . We have art in order not to die of the truth-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is-dd- Albert Camus . Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth-dd- Henry David Thoreau . We search something permanent, something that will last-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Seek not greatness, but seek truth and you will find both-dd- Horace Mann . To believe in something, and not to live it, is dishonest-dd- Mohandas Gandhi . If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything-dd- Mark Twain . In a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act-dd- George Orwell . The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it-dd- Ayn Rand . The truth will set you free, but first it will make you miserable-dd- James A-dd- Garfield . Do not love leisure-dd- Waste not a minute-dd- Be bold-dd- Realize the Truth, here and now-dd- Swami Sivananda . Truth is always new-dd- Truth is seeing a smile, a person, life, like if it was the first time-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . A man who is protecting himself constantly through knowledge is obviously not a truth-seeker-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter, and those who matter don’t mind-dd- Bernard M-dd- Baruch . Know thyself-dd- Socrates . Wisdom begins in wonder-dd- Socrates . If you judge, investigate-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Doubt grows with knowledge-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Everything popular is wrong-dd- Oscar Wilde . What you seek is seeking you-dd- Rumi . Observe all men, thyself most-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Doubt is the origin of wisdom-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Nature does nothing uselessly-dd- Aristotle . Listen to many, speak to a few-dd- William Shakespeare . A closed mouth catches no flies-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . Never confuse motion with action-dd- Benjamin Franklin . I’m wise because I’ve been foolish-dd- . Do what is right, not what is easy-dd- . Silence is true wisdom’s best reply-dd- Euripides . Wisdom comes only through suffering-dd- Aeschylus . A loving heart is the truest wisdom-dd- Charles Dickens . An overflow of good converts to bad-dd- William Shakespeare . To find yourself, think for yourself-dd- Socrates . My life is perfect even when it’s not-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . In teaching others we teach ourselves-dd- . Maturity comes with experience, not age-dd- . Pain is inevitable-dd- Suffering is optional-dd- Haruki Murakami . It is better to travel well than to arrive-dd- Buddha . What’s meant to be will always find a way-dd- . Love is too young to know what conscience is-dd- William Shakespeare . Wisely, and slow-dd- They stumble that run fast-dd- William Shakespeare . With wisdom, comes the desire for simplicity-dd- . Wise is he who collects the wisdom of others-dd- Juan Guerra Caceras . Nothing has more strength than dire necessity-dd- Euripides . He who would travel happily must travel light-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . When knowledge becomes rigid, it stops living-dd- Anselm Kiefer . Wealth is the ability to fully experience life-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Memory is the old, and it is afraid of the new-dd- Osho . Nothing external to you has any power over you-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Not being able to govern events, I govern myself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . The mind is everything-dd- What you think you become-dd- Buddha . Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . I don’t like that man-dd- I must get to know him better-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Complete abstinence is easier than perfect moderation-dd- Augustine of Hippo . When you give yourself, you receive more than you give-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . If you think you know the answer, you’re far from wise-dd- Trent Hamm . Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers-dd- Voltaire . We all make choices, but in the end our choices make us-dd- . I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough-dd- Lao Tzu . He who knows, does not speak-dd- He who speaks, does not know-dd- Lao Tzu . The wisest man is generally he who thinks himself the least so-dd- Nicolas Baileau . Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have-dd- . Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know-dd- . As far as I’m concerned, I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue-dd- Albert Einstein . To become a spectator of one’s own life is to escape the suffering of life-dd- Oscar Wilde . A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool-dd- William Shakespeare . Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results-dd- Albert Einstein . Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect-dd- Mark Twain . Courage, dear heart-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . He who is brave is free-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . From caring comes courage-dd- Lao Tzu . Don’t stop until you’re proud-dd- . Courage doesn’t always roar-dd- Mary Anne Radmacher . What keeps me going is goals-dd- Muhammad Ali . Life is tough but so you are-dd- . Fortune and love favor the brave-dd- Ovid . I’m strong because I’ve been weak-dd- . The best way out is always through-dd- Robert Frost . There is no education like adversity-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . One man with courage makes a majority-dd- Andrew Jackson . I’m fearless because I’ve been afraid-dd- . The pain you feel now, will be a strength after some time-dd- . Diligence is the mother of good fortune-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Because of a great love, one is courageous-dd- Lao Tzu . Tough times never last, but tough people do-dd- . Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks-dd- Herodotus . He that can have patience can have what he will-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Rock bottom has built more heroes than privilege-dd- . I’ve never met a strong person with an easy past-dd- . Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Courage is like a muscle; it is strengthened by use-dd- Ruth Gordon . It doesn’t matter how slow you go as long as you don’t stop-dd- Confucius . Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life-dd- J-dd- K-dd- Rowling . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies-dd- Mother Teresa . The world breaks everyone, and afterwards many are strong at the broken places-dd- Ernest Hemingway . People cry, not because they’re weak-dd- It’s because they’ve been strong for too long-dd- Johnny Depp . Life is very interesting-dd- In the end, some of your greatest pains become your greatest strengths-dd- Drew Barrymore . Persevere and get it done-dd- George Allen Sr . Never, never, never give up-dd- Winston Churchill . Much effort, much prosperity-dd- Euripides . Slow and steady wins the race-dd- . How long should you try-qq- Until-dd- Jim Rohn . If you don’t ask, you don’t get-dd- Stevie Wonder . Nothing worth having comes easy-dd- . I will not walk backward in life-dd- J-dd- R-dd- R-dd- Tolkien . It’s pain that changes our lives-dd- Steve Martin . Our whole life is solving puzzles-dd- Erno Rubik . The struggle is part of the story-dd- . Persevere in virtue and diligence-dd- Plautus . Life is short and progress is slow-dd- Gabriel Lippmann . No great thing is created suddenly-dd- Epictetus . God helps those who help themselves-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Patience is the companion of wisdom-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Perseverance, secret of all triumphs-dd- Victor Hugo . Victory belongs to the most persevering-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . I’m a slow walker, but I never walk back-dd- Abraham Lincoln . In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity-dd- Albert Einstein . Never give up on the things that make you smile-dd- . He that can have patience can have what he will-dd- Benjamin Franklin . A lost battle is a battle one thinks one has lost-dd- Jean-Paul Sartre . Perseverance is a virtue that cannot be understated-dd- Bob Riley . The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step-dd- Lao Tzu . You may see me struggle, but you will never see me quit-dd- . Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th-dd- Julie Andrews . Thankfully, persistence is a great substitute for talent-dd- Steve Martin . You get credit for what you finished, not what you started-dd- . I was taught the way of progress is neither swift nor easy-dd- Marie Curie . Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel-dd- Napoleon Hill . A man will fight harder for his interests than for his rights-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Anyone who has ever made anything of importance was disciplined-dd- Andrew Hendrixson . Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries-dd- James A-dd- Michener . Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles-dd- Charlie Chaplin . No matter how you feel, get up, dress up, show up and never give up-dd- . Don’t quit-dd- Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion-dd- Muhammad Ali . Difficult things take a long time, impossible things a little longer-dd- . It’s not that I’m so smart, it’s just that I stay with problems longer-dd- Albert Einstein . A river cuts through a rock not because of its power but its persistence-dd- . The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success-dd- David Sarnoff . Ambition is the path to success-dd- Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in-dd- Bill Bradley . Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other-dd- Walter Elliot . Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success-dd- Napoleon Hill . Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did-dd- Newt Gingrich . It is the cheerful mind that is persevering-dd- It is the strong mind that hews its way through a thousand difficulties-dd- Swami Sivananda . Belief creates the actual fact-dd- William James . Believing requires action-dd- James E-dd- Faust . Prayer is man’s greatest power-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . To me faith means not worrying-dd- John Dewey . Set goals-dd- Say prayers-dd- Work hard-dd- . Faith is spiritualized imagination-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Empty yourself and let God fill you-dd- . God gives where he finds empty hands-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Faith is the quiet cousin of courage-dd- Judith Hanson Lasater . Faith makes things possible, not easy-dd- . In art as in love, instinct is enough-dd- Anatole France . A man of courage is also full of faith-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Faith: not wanting to know what is true-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Unless you believe, you will not understand-dd- Augustine of Hippo . I believe life takes us where we need to be-dd- Sasha Alexander . The Lord is greater than the giants you face-dd- John 4-dd-9 . If you’re praying about it-dd- God is working on it-dd- . Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Prayer is to be in love, to be in love with the whole-dd- Osho . Do not pray for an easier life, pray to be a stronger man-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time-dd- Maya Angelou . Let life happen to you-dd- Believe me: life is in the right, always-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . Faith is believing in something when common sense tells you not to-dd- . We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Faith is taking the first step even when you don’t see the whole staircase-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Humor comes from self-confidence-dd- Rita Mae Brown . I think you should just go for it-dd- . We are always the same age inside-dd- Gertrude Stein . Trust is the greatest intelligence-dd- Osho . Confidence is one of the sexiest things-dd- Katherine Jenkins . You have to laugh, especially at yourself-dd- Madonna . Confidence is a stain they can’t wipe off-dd- Lil Wayne . All anything takes, really, is confidence-dd- Rachel Ward . Coffee in one hand-dd- Confidence in the other-dd- . Confidence comes from discipline and training-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . A certain death of an artist is overconfidence-dd- Robin Trower . Your energy introduces you before you even speak-dd- . Act as if what you do makes a difference-dd- It does-dd- William James . Confidence is contagious-dd- So is lack of confidence-dd- Vince Lombardi . As is our confidence, so is our capacity-dd- William Hazlitt . Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The most beautiful thing you can wear is confidence-dd- Blake Lively . Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love-dd- Brene Brown . Courage is a mean with regard to fear and confidence-dd- Aristotle . A tiger doesn’t lose sleep over the opinion of sheep-dd- . Stop doubting yourself, work hard and make it happen-dd- . With confidence, you have won before you have started-dd- Marcus Garvey . No one can make you feel inferior without your consent-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Confidence cannot find a place wherein to rest in safety-dd- Virgil . As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Confidence is the most important single factor in this game-dd- Jack Nicklaus . Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings-dd- Samuel Johnson . All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure-dd- Mark Twain . Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger-dd- Arnold Palmer . I’m always impressed by confidence, kindness and a sense of humor-dd- Tamara Mellon . Nothing builds self-esteem and self-confidence like accomplishment-dd- Thomas Carlyle . The hardest step she ever took was to blindly trust in who she was-dd- Atticus . Inaction breeds doubt and fear-dd- Action breeds confidence and courage-dd- Dale Carnegie . The circulation of confidence is better than the circulation of money-dd- James Madison . I have great faith in fools – self-confidence my friends will call it-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are-dd- Malcolm S-dd- Forbes . Confidence in the goodness of another is good proof of one’s own goodness-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Never bend your head-dd- Always hold it high-dd- Look the world straight in the face-dd- Helen Keller . Confidence is not ‘they will like me’-dd- Confidence is ‘I’ll be fine if they don’t’-dd- . I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right-dd- Muhammad Ali Jinnah . The more you know who you are and what you want, the less you let things upset you-dd- . My confidence comes from the daily grind – training my butt off day in and day out-dd- Hope Solo . A ‘No’ uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a ‘Yes’ merely uttered to please, or worse, to avoid trouble-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Go wild, for a while-dd- . Creativity takes courage-dd- Henri Matisse . An artist is an explorer-dd- Henri Matisse . Imagination rules the world-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Be anything but predictable-dd- . Creativity is not a competition-dd- . Zeal will do more than knowledge-dd- William Hazlitt . Pure logic is the ruin of the spirit-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Without freedom, there is no creation-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Creativity comes from a conflict of ideas-dd- Donatella Versace . The man who has no imagination has no wings-dd- Muhammad Ali . Be yourself; everyone else is already taken-dd- Oscar Wilde . The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt-dd- Sylvia Plath . The chief enemy of creativity is good sense-dd- Pablo Picasso . You were born an original, don’t die a copy-dd- . I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Name the greatest of all inventors-dd- Accident-dd- Mark Twain . Originality is nothing but judicious imitation-dd- Voltaire . Creativity is the greatest rebellion in existence-dd- Osho . Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative-dd- Oscar Wilde . I begin with an idea, and then it becomes something else-dd- Pablo Picasso . Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties-dd- Erich Fromm . Creativity – like human life itself – begins in darkness-dd- Julia Cameron . In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different-dd- Coco Chanel . Mystery is at the heart of creativity-dd- That, and surprise-dd- Julia Cameron . No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness-dd- Aristotle . A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament-dd- Oscar Wilde . The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses-dd- Edith Södergran . There is no innovation and creativity without failure-dd- Period-dd- Brene Brown . To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong-dd- Joseph Chilton Pearce . A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination-dd- Albert Einstein . If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist-dd- Pablo Picasso . It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation-dd- Herman Melville . Fashion’s not about looking back-dd- It’s always about looking forward-dd- Anna Wintour . The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind-dd- Albert Einstein . When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy-dd- Rumi . I never made one of my discoveries through the process of rational thinking-dd- Albert Einstein . If you want something you never had, you have to do something you’ve never done-dd- . Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes-dd- Art is knowing which ones to keep-dd- Scott Adams . The doer alone learneth-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Be curious-dd- Not judgmental-dd- Walt Whitman . Sometimes you win, sometimes you learn-dd- John Maxwell . They know enough who know how to learn-dd- Henry Adams . Life is trying things to see if they work-dd- . The only source of knowledge is experience-dd- Albert Einstein . Any fool can know-dd- The point is to understand-dd- Albert Einstein . I never learned from a man who agreed with me-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Change is the end result of all true learning-dd- Leo Buscaglia . The important thing is not to stop questioning-dd- Albert Einstein . The wise learns many things from their enemies-dd- Aristophanes . As long as you live, keep learning how to live-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Blessed are the curious for they shall have adventures-dd- . The most necessary learning is that which unlearns evil-dd- Antisthenes . I have no special talent-dd- I am only passionately curious-dd- Albert Einstein . I am learning all the time-dd- The tombstone will be my diploma-dd- Eartha Kitt . Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning-dd- Bill Gates . Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . It is only when we forget all our learning that we begin to know-dd- Henry David Thoreau . I like to listen-dd- I have learned a great deal from listening carefully-dd- Most people never listen-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Education is soul crafting-dd- Cornel West . Love is a better teacher than duty-dd- Albert Einstein . Nine tenths of education is encouragement-dd- Anatole France . Those who know how to think need no teachers-dd- Mohandas Gandhi . It is a wise father that knows his own child-dd- William Shakespeare . The highest result of education is tolerance-dd- Helen Keller . Teaching is the highest form of understanding-dd- Aristotle . A book is a dream that you hold in your hands-dd- Neil Gaiman . Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced-dd- John Keats . A student of life considers the world a classroom-dd- Harvey Mackay . An investment in knowledge pays the best interest-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Don’t let schooling interfere with your education-dd- Mark Twain . Children have more need of models than of critics-dd- Carolyn Coats . Education is the ability to meet life’s situations-dd- Dr-dd- John G-dd- Hibben . If you think education is expensive, try ignorance-dd- Andy McIntyre . The great aim of education is not knowledge but action-dd- Herbert Spencer . A child educated only at school is an uneducated child-dd- George Santayana . Teachers open the door, but you must enter by yourself-dd- Chinese proverb . Be brave-dd- Take risks-dd- Nothing can substitute experience-dd- Paulo Coelho . Experience, travel-dd- These are an education in themselves-dd- Euripides . The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet-dd- Aristotle . There is no greater education than one that is self-driven-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Education is not filling a pail but the lighting of a fire-dd- William Butler Yeats . I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think-dd- Socrates . In this life, all you need is for someone to believe in you-dd- J-dd- R-dd- Martinez . Intelligence plus character – that is the goal of true education-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If you want happiness for a lifetime, help the next generation-dd- Chinese saying . The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled-dd- Plutarch . Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself-dd- John Dewey . Educate the children and it won’t be necessary to punish the men-dd- Pythagoras . The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page-dd- Augustine of Hippo . It’s not that hard to stay grounded-dd- It’s the way I was brought up-dd- Sidney Crosby . Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all-dd- Aristotle . Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world-dd- Nelson Mandela . To be successful in life what you need is education, not literacy and degrees-dd- Munshi Premchand . Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school-dd- Albert Einstein . If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money-dd- Abigail Van Buren . Work without love is slavery-dd- Mother Teresa . Don’t be busy, be productive-dd- . Forget shortcuts, work for it-dd- . Work to become, not to acquire-dd- . Well done is better than well said-dd- . Go the extra mile – it’s never crowded-dd- . You have to fight to reach your dream-dd- Lionel Messi . Do your duty today and repent tomorrow-dd- Mark Twain . What is once well done is done forever-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Don’t mistake activity with achievement-dd- John Wooden . All happiness depends on courage and work-dd- Honore de Balzac . You are not your resume, you are your work-dd- Seth Godin . Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds-dd- Gordon B-dd- Hinckley . Let the beauty of what you love be what you do-dd- Rumi . Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work-dd- Aristotle . I learned the value of hard work by working hard-dd- Margaret Mead . Work hard in silence-dd- Let success make the noise-dd- . Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen-dd- Conan O’Brien . Work until you no longer have to introduce yourself-dd- . The beginning is the most important part of the work-dd- Plato . The reward of one duty is the power to fulfill another-dd- George Eliot . Once you do something you love, you never have to work again-dd- Willie Hill . Nearly everything you do is of no importance, but it is important that you do it-dd- Mohandas Gandhi . Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Without work, all life goes rotten-dd- But when work is soulless, life stifles and dies-dd- Albert Camus . Never work just for money or power-dd- They won’t save your soul or help you sleep at night-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . Leadership is influence-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . One must steer, not talk-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . We rise by lifting others-dd- . A leader is a dealer in hope-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . To lead people walk behind them-dd- Lao Tzu . A good example is the best sermon-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm-dd- Publilius Syrus . The speed of the leader is the speed of the gang-dd- Mary Kay Ash . A ruler should be slow to punish and swift to reward-dd- Ovid . He who is not a good servant will not be a good master-dd- Plato . Each person must live their life as a model for others-dd- Rosa Parks . Leaders don’t create followers, they create more leaders-dd- Tom Peters . The strength of the group is the strength of the leaders-dd- Vince Lombardi . You don’t have to hold a position in order to be a leader-dd- Henry Ford . Build your reputation by helping other people build theirs-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality-dd- Warren Bennis . When you can’t make them see the light, make them feel the heat-dd- Ronald Reagan . Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . To be a leader, bring certainty, to an environment where there isn’t any-dd- Tony Robbins . Example is not the main thing in influencing others-dd- It is the only thing-dd- Albert Schweitzer . A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . May you live your life as if the maxim of your actions were to become universal law-dd- Immanuel Kant . If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader-dd- . Attitude is everything-dd- Charles Swindoll . Be groovy or leave, man-dd- Bob Dylan . A true man hates no one-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . What you are comes to you-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Who sows virtue reaps honor-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Don’t find fault, find a remedy-dd- Henry Ford . A great mind becomes a great fortune-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Humor is mankind’s greatest blessing-dd- Mark Twain . The greatest remedy for anger is delay-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none-dd- William Shakespeare . Showing off is the fool’s idea of glory-dd- Bruce Lee . Let’s not be narrow, nasty, and negative-dd- T-dd- S-dd- Eliot . Be someone who you would want to be around-dd- Craig Jarrow . Energy and persistence conquer all things-dd- Benjamin Franklin . A great man is always willing to be little-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Ethics is nothing else than reverence for life-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Humility is the solid foundation of all virtues-dd- Confucius . Goodness is the only investment that never fails-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Be true to your work, your word, and your friend-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough-dd- Bruce Lee . Knowledge will give you power, but character respect-dd- Bruce Lee . Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value-dd- Albert Einstein . Swallow your pride, you will not die, it’s not poison-dd- Bob Dylan . Attention is the rarest and purest form of generosity-dd- . Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference-dd- Winston Churchill . Don’t talk, act-dd- Don’t say, show-dd- Don’t promise, prove-dd- . Remind yourself that your task is to be a good human being-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Be careless in your dress if you will, but keep a tidy soul-dd- Mark Twain . Let us train our minds to desire what the situation demands-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Really great people make you feel that you, too, can become great-dd- Mark Twain . Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be-dd- Be one-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Being both soft and strong is a combination very few have mastered-dd- . The firm, the enduring, the simple, and the modest are near to virtue-dd- Confucius . Life is good when we think it’s good-dd- Life is bad when we don’t think-dd- Douglas Horton . Drop all your scientific attitudes-dd- Become a little more fluid, more melting, more merging-dd- Osho . Instead of asking ‘what do I want from life-qq-’, a more powerful question is, ‘what does life want from me-qq-’-dd- Eckhart Tolle . To hold a pen is to be at war-dd- Voltaire . Easy reading is damn hard writing-dd- Nathaniel Hawthorne . Write what should not be forgotten-dd- Isabel Allende . The first draft of anything is shit-dd- Ernest Hemingway . An author, behind his words, is naked-dd- Terri Guillemets . Tears are words that need to be written-dd- Paulo Coelho . If it sounds like writing, I rewrite it-dd- Elmore Leonard . Every writer I know has trouble writing-dd- Joseph Heller . The wastebasket is a writer’s best friend-dd- Isaac Bashevis Singer . A word after a word after a word is power-dd- Margaret Atwood . If I don’t write to empty my mind, I go mad-dd- Lord Byron . The best style is the style you don’t notice-dd- Somerset Maugham . Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart-dd- William Wordsworth . The scariest moment is always just before you start-dd- Stephen King . A professional writer is an amateur who didn’t quit-dd- Richard Bach . You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you-dd- Ray Bradbury . One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple-dd- Jack Kerouac . We write to taste life twice, in the moment and in retrospect-dd- Anaïs Nin . The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe-dd- Gustave Flaubert . There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you-dd- Maya Angelou . There is no real ending-dd- It’s just the place where you stop the story-dd- Frank Herbert . Writing is an exploration-dd- You start from nothing and learn as you go-dd- E-dd- L-dd- Doctorow . The purpose of a writer is to keep civilization from destroying itself-dd- Albert Camus . The most beautiful things are those that madness prompts and reason writes-dd- André Gide . There is nothing to writing-dd- All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Write with conviction-dd- Pick a side and be bold-dd- And if you’re wrong, admit it-dd- Jeff Goins . Imagination is like a muscle-dd- I found out that the more I wrote, the bigger it got-dd- Philip Jose Farmer . We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . All you have to do is write one true sentence-dd- Write the truest sentence that you know-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Better to write for yourself and have no public, than to write for the public and have no self-dd- Cyril Connolly . Change before you have to-dd- Jack Welch . To say goodbye is to die a little-dd- Raymond Chandler . There is nothing so stable as change-dd- Bob Dylan . It is in changing that we find purpose-dd- Heraclitus . Every day is a chance to change your life-dd- . In a gentle way, you can shake the world-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Our only security is our ability to change-dd- John Lilly . Change your thoughts and you change your world-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change-dd- Stephen Hawking . No map is possible because life goes on changing-dd- Osho . If it doesn’t challenge you, it won’t change you-dd- . It is never too late to be what you might have been-dd- George Eliot . Change is not merely necessary to life – it is life-dd- Alvin Toffler . If you want to make enemies, try to change something-dd- Woodrow Wilson . Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be-dd- John Wooden . You affect your subconscious mind by verbal repetition-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . When you blame others, you give up your power to change-dd- Robert Anthony . It is not necessary to change-dd- Survival is not mandatory-dd- W-dd- Edwards Deming . Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often-dd- Winston Churchill . To change one’s life: Start immediately-dd- Do it flamboyantly-dd- William James . Only the new, accepted deeply and totally, can transform you-dd- Osho . No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world-dd- Robin Williams . Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Let your smile change the world, but don’t let the world change your smile-dd- . The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress-dd- Charles Kettering . To change the world I have to change myself, break away from my conditioning-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself-dd- Leo Tolstoy . You can’t start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one-dd- . The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do-dd- Steve Jobs . The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new-dd- Socrates . Much effort, much prosperity-dd- Euripides . Make your life a masterpiece-dd- Brian Tracy . Success is the child of audacity-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . The best revenge is massive success-dd- Franck Sinatra . A goal without a plan is just a wish-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . I never dream of success-dd- I worked for it-dd- Estee Lauder . The harder the battle the sweeter the victory-dd- Bob Marley . Action is the foundational key to all success-dd- Pablo Picasso . The secret of success is constancy of purpose-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . What you think today is what you live tomorrow-dd- Remez Sasson . Success is where preparation and opportunity meet-dd- Bobby Unser . Be content to act, and leave the talking to others-dd- Baltasar . Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom-dd- George S-dd- Patton . No one knows what to say in the loser’s locker room-dd- Muhammad Ali . If you have no critics you’ll likely have no success-dd- Malcolm X . Everybody pities the weak; jealousy you have to earn-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . The measure of success is happiness and peace of mind-dd- Bobby Davro . I couldn’t wait for success, so I went ahead without it-dd- Jonathan Winters . Start where you are-dd- Use what you have-dd- Do what you can-dd- Arthur Ashe . Before anything else, preparation is the key to success-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . Success is the accumulation of small advantages over time-dd- Aaron Lynn . The path to success is to take massive, determined action-dd- Tony Robbins . The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people-dd- Harvey S-dd- Firestone . Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do-dd- John R-dd- Wooden . I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have-dd- Thomas Jefferson . It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up-dd- Vince Lombardi . The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus-dd- Bruce Lee . I attribute my success to this – I never gave or took any excuse-dd- Florence Nightingale . My success isn’t a result of arrogance – it’s a result of belief-dd- Conor McGregor . Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out-dd- Robert Collier . I always wanted to be the best and to get the most out of myself-dd- Sidney Crosby . Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own-dd- Michelle Obama . Success is largely a matter of holding on after others have let go-dd- William Feather . Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it-dd- Henry David Thoreau . I want to be the best, so whatever comes with that, I’ll have to accept-dd- Sidney Crosby . Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day-dd- Jim Rohn . I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed-dd- Michael Jordan . Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm-dd- Winston Churchill . Fear and time are inseparable-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Fear is stupid-dd- So are regrets-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Where fear is, happiness is not-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Take every chance-dd- Drop every fear-dd- . Fear makes the wolf bigger than he is-dd- German proverb . Fear is the voice of the rational mind-dd- . Don’t let anyone ever dull your sparkle-dd- . Fear is destructive; love is a creative energy-dd- Osho . If it scares you, it might be a good thing to try-dd- Seth Godin . Limits, like fear, is often an illusion-dd- Michael Jordan . Fear tricks us into living a boring life-dd- Donald Miller . To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom-dd- Bertrand Russell . People living deeply have no fear of death-dd- Anaïs Nin . I’ll tell you what freedom is to me: no fear-dd- . Fear is temporary-dd- Regrets last forever-dd- . The only thing we have to fear is fear itself-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Thinking will not overcome fear but action will-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will-dd- James Stephens . The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear-dd- George Addair . Nothing in life is to be feared-dd- It is only to be understood-dd- Marie Curie . The mind that is always after explanations is an afraid mind-dd- Osho . Sometimes the fear won’t go away, so you’ll have to do it afraid-dd- . Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear-dd- Mark Twain . Fear has two meanings – Forget Everything And Run or Face Everything And Rise-dd- . Fear is the absence of love-dd- Do something with love, forget about fear-dd- If you love well, fear disappears-dd- Osho . Don’t worry, be happy-dd- Bobby McFerrin . Worry less, smile more-dd- . Pray, and let God worry-dd- Martin Luther . What worries you, masters you-dd- John Locke . Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . It’s ok to worry – it means you care-dd- . The sovereign cure for worry is prayer-dd- William James . Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow-dd- Swedish proverb . Most things I worry about never happen anyway-dd- Tom Petty . You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow-dd- Janis Joplin . I never worry about action, but only about inaction-dd- Winston Churchill . As a cure for worrying, work is better than whiskey-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work-dd- John Lubbock . The mind that is anxious about the future is miserable-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . I try not to worry about things I can’t do anything about-dd- Christopher Walken . Worry is a useless mulling over of things we cannot change-dd- Peace Pilgrim . We want predictability, even though it’s impossible to get-dd- Henri Junttila . The problem is that worrying doesn’t actually solve anything-dd- Celestine Chua . Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning-dd- Winston Churchill . Throw off your worries when you throw off your clothes at night-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy-dd- Leo Buscaglia . My life has been full of terrible misfortunes most of which never happened-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Worry is like a rocking chair: it gives you something to do but never gets you anywhere-dd- Erma Bombeck . Stumbling is not falling-dd- Malcolm X . I’ll be ok-dd- Just not today-dd- . Turn your wounds into wisdom-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Better an ‘oops’ than a ‘what if’-dd- . Failure’s a natural part of life-dd- John Malkovich . Giving up is the greatest failure-dd- Jack Ma . Not failure, but low aim, is crime-dd- James Russell Lowell . If you never try you’ll never know-dd- . I never lose-dd- Either I win or I learn-dd- . Mistakes are the portals of discovery-dd- James Joyce . Avoiding failure is to avoid progress-dd- . My reputation grows with every failure-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Failure is success if we learn from it-dd- Malcolm Forbes . Reward worthy failure – experimentation-dd- Bill Gates . Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street-dd- Zig Ziglar . Experience is the name we give to our mistakes-dd- Oscar Wilde . Remember that failure is an event, not a person-dd- Zig Ziglar . There are no mistakes or failures, only lessons-dd- Denis Waitley . Fear of failure has always been my best motivator-dd- Douglas Wood . Failure is not falling down but refusing to get up-dd- Chinese proverb . You have to be able to accept failure to get better-dd- LeBron James . Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be-dd- John Wooden . There are some defeats more triumphant than victories-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor-dd- Truman Capote . Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble-dd- Shahrukh Khan . The sooner you fail, the less afraid you are to fail again-dd- Brendan Baker . Error is just as important a condition of life as truth-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . Once you can accept failure, you can have fun and success-dd- Rickey Henderson . Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding-dd- Burt Rutan . Ambitious failure, magnificent failure, is a very good thing-dd- Guy Kawasaki . Do not fear mistakes-dd- You will know failure-dd- Continue to reach out-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood-dd- Helen Keller . The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . You get knocked down, you get up, brush yourself off, and you get back to work-dd- Barack Obama . I’d rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate-dd- George Burns . The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best-dd- George Eliot . Regrets belong to the past-dd- Marlon Brando . Life’s too short for regrets-dd- Nicholas Hoult . Remorse is the poison of life-dd- Charlotte Bronte . You will never regret being kind-dd- . My head has got regrets, but I haven’t-dd- Frank Bruno . There are no regrets in life, just lessons-dd- Jennifer Aniston . Never regret something that made you smile-dd- . Regret for wasted time is more wasted time-dd- Mason Cooley . Fear is only temporary-dd- Regrets last forever-dd- . Regrets are ridiculous, so I don’t regret, no-dd- Nicole Kidman . Regrets are the natural property of grey hairs-dd- Charles Dickens . I have often regretted my speech, never my silence-dd- Publilius Syrus . In the end, we only regret the chances we didn’t take-dd- . Never look back unless you are planning to go that way-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams-dd- John Barrymore . Never make permanent decisions based on temporary feelings-dd- . Before it’s too late, tell them everything you’ve ever wanted to say-dd- . Never regret anything because one time it was exactly what you wanted-dd- . I don’t regret a thing I’ve done-dd- I only regret the things I didn’t do-dd- Ingrid Bergman . Be so good they can’t ignore you-dd- Steve Martin . Be happy-dd- It drives people crazy-dd- . Silence is the best reply to a fool-dd- . The haters always scream the loudest-dd- Tucker Max . They told me I couldn’t-dd- That’s why I did-dd- . I don’t have to be what you want me to be-dd- Muhammad Ali . Your opinion of me doesn’t define who I am-dd- . Hustle until your haters ask if you’re hiring-dd- . Learn not to give a fuck, you will be happier-dd- . To refrain from imitation is the best revenge-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Have you ever met a hater doing better than you-qq- . I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends-dd- Abraham Lincoln . You never look good trying to make someone look bad-dd- . Ask for help, they laugh-dd- Do it yourself, they hate-dd- . Haters keep on hating, cause somebody’s gotta do it-dd- Chris Brown . Always forgive your enemies-dd- Nothing annoys them so much-dd- Oscar Wilde . Your love makes me strong, your hate makes me unstoppable-dd- Cristiano Ronaldo . If they don’t know you personally, don’t take it personal-dd- . You pick up some fans and a handful of haters along the way-dd- Bruno Mars . The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Dear haters, I’m flattered that I’m a trending topic in your life-dd- . Whenever you are confronted with an opponent-dd- Conquer him with love-dd- Mohandas Gandhi . Don’t worry about those who talk behind your back, they’re behind you for a reason-dd- . A hater is nothing but a fan-dd- They just don’t know how to express it in positive way-dd- Bar Refaeli . Haters don’t really hate you, they hate themselves-dd- You’re a reflection of what they wish to be-dd- . I’m thankful for all those difficult people in my life, they have shown me exactly who I don’t want to be-dd- . Doubts are death-dd- Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . Inactivity is death-dd- Benito Mussolini . Security is a kind of death-dd- Tennessee Williams . My life, my death, my choice-dd- Terry Pratchett . Death is a debt we all must pay-dd- Euripides . Death is the final wake-up call-dd- Douglas Horton . Death, only, renders hope futile-dd- Edgar Rice Burroughs . Every man dies-dd- Not every man lives-dd- William Wallace . Death is the beginning of something-dd- Edith Piaf . Our business is with life, not death-dd- George Wald . I don’t want to die without any scars-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Death is a distant rumor to the young-dd- Andrew A-dd- Rooney . Death is just life’s next big adventure-dd- J-dd- K-dd- Rowling . Enjoy life now – one day you’ll be dead-dd- . He who doesn’t fear death dies only once-dd- Giovanni Falcone . Grief does not change you, it reveals you-dd- John Green . Death is frightening, and so is Eternal Life-dd- Mason Cooley . The idea is to die young as late as possible-dd- Ashley Montagu . I would rather die of passion than of boredom-dd- Vincent van Gogh . You cannot save people, you can only love them-dd- . I feel monotony and death to be almost the same-dd- Charlotte Bronte . If by my life or death I can protect you, I will-dd- J-dd- R-dd- R-dd- Tolkien . Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion of death-dd- Coco Chanel . A man who won’t die for something is not fit to live-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time-dd- Mark Twain . Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life-dd- Bertolt Brecht . The death of something can become your greatest strength-dd- . A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it-dd- Oscar Wilde . Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely-dd- Buddha . I have no fear of death-dd- More important, I don’t fear life-dd- Steven Seagal . Our dead are never dead to us, until we have forgotten them-dd- George Eliot . My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning-dd- Huey Newton . Don’t take life too seriously-dd- You’ll never get out of it alive-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Death is the only pure, beautiful conclusion of a great passion-dd- D-dd- H-dd- Lawrence . Take care of your life and the Lord will take care of your death-dd- George Whitefield . To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . If life must not be taken too seriously, then so neither must death-dd- Samuel Butler . It is not death or pain that is to be dreaded, but the fear of pain or death-dd- Epictetus . It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . We all die-dd- The goal isn’t to live forever, the goal is to create something that will-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Life is too short to wait-dd- . Life is too short to worry-dd- . Well, you and I only have one life-dd- . Life is too short to be little-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Life is too short to be serious-dd- . Life is too short to be miserable-dd- Rita Mae Brown . Life is too short not to experiment-dd- Jamelia . Life is short-dd- Do stuff that matters-dd- . Life is too short to even care at all-dd- . Life is a one-time offer-dd- Use it well-dd- . Smile-dd- Life is too short to be unhappy-dd- . Don’t wait-dd- Life goes faster than you think-dd- . Time flies, whether you’re wasting it or not-dd- Crystal Woods . Go for it now-dd- The future is promised to no one-dd- Wayne Dyer . Expect an early death – it will keep you busier-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . Life is short-dd- Smile while you still have teeth-dd- . Life is too short to spend it at war with yourself-dd- . Life is so, so short-dd- Bible says it’s like a vapor-dd- Muhammad Ali . Life is too short to harbor any hostilities towards anybody-dd- Peabo Bryson . Holding a grudge is letting someone live rent-free in your head-dd- . Be patient and understanding-dd- Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious-dd- Phillips Brooks . Life is too short to hide your feelings-dd- Don’t be afraid to say what you feel-dd- . Life is so short, so beautiful-dd- Don’t be so serious about the work-dd- Enjoy the life-dd- Jack Ma . Life is too short to worry about stupid things-dd- Have fun-dd- Regret nothing, and don’t let people bring you down-dd- . Obstacles are the cost of greatness-dd- Robin Sharma . The question isn’t who is doing to let me, it’s who is going to stop me-dd- Ayn Rand . I wasn’t there to compete-dd- I was there to win-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . All the power is within you-dd- You can do anything-dd- Swami Vivekananda . The place between your comfort zone and your dream is where life takes place-dd- Helen Keller . Stop whining, start grinding-dd- Eric Thomas . To be a star, you must shine your own light, follow your own path, and don’t worry about darkness, for that is when the stars shine brightest-dd- Napoleon Hill . Never bend your head-dd- Hold it high-dd- Look the world straight in the eye-dd- Helen Keller . What you want exists-dd- Don’t settle until you get it-dd- Jay Shetty . Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen-dd- Conan O’Brien . How bad do you want it-qq- Gary Vaynerchuk . I am not afraid… I was born to do this-dd- Joan of Arc . If you fell down yesterday, stand up today-dd- H-dd-G-dd- Wells . The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Blood, sweat and respect-dd- First two you give-dd- Last one you earn-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . Conformity gets you nowhere-dd- Neil Strauss . Be so good they can’t ignore you-dd- Steve Martin . Show the world how much you’ll fight for the winners circle-dd- Pat Riley . If you don’t design your own life plan, chances are you’ll fall into someone else’s plan and guess what they have planned for you-qq- Not much-dd- Jim Rohn . Action is the real measure of intelligence-dd- Napoleon Hill . Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear-dd- George Addair . It’s your place in the world; it’s your life-dd- Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live-dd- Mae Jemison . Those who truly want something will keep trying until they die-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Learn to be comfortable in the uncomfortable-dd- Learn to be peaceful, not bored-dd- Learn to be inspired, not scared-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Make each day your masterpiece-dd- John Wooden . Don’t count the days make the days count-dd- Muhammad Ali . Everything you can imagine is real-dd- Pablo Picasso . Develop success from failures-dd- Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success-dd- Dale Carnegie . It’s not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life, it’s what you whisper to yourself that has the most power-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Fall seven times, stand up eight-dd- Japanese proverb . You’re probably on the right track if you feel like a sidewalk worm during a rainstorm-dd- Larry Page (Google) . Always ask yourself if what you’re doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow-dd- Paulo Coelho . Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot-dd- Make it hot by striking-dd- William Butler Yeats . I can’t believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary-dd- Lou Holtz . I want the world to be better because I was here-dd- Will Smith . The habit of persistence is the habit of victory-dd- Herbert Kaufman . Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself-dd- Andrew Carnegie . When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world-dd- George Washington Carver . “No” simply means begin again at one level higher-dd- Peter Diamandis . To seek greatness is the only righteous vengeance-dd- Criss Jami (This is one of my favorite motivational quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up-dd- Babe Ruth . Every strike brings me closer to the next home run-dd- Babe Ruth . Do the best you can until you know better-dd- Then when you know better, do better-dd- Maya Angelou . If you can dream it, you can do it-dd- Walt Disney . The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing-dd- Walt Disney . Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Win from within-dd- Usain Bolt . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Never, never, never give up-dd- Winston Churchill . If you’re going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston Churchill . Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm-dd- Winston Churchill . Strength does not come from physical capacity-dd- It comes from an indomitable will-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Diligence is the mother of good luck-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Energy and persistence conquer all things-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Don’t stop when you’re tired; stop when you’re done-dd- Marilyn Monroe . The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary-dd- Vince Lombardi . The secret of getting ahead is getting started-dd- Mark Twain (More info on the source here) . Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better-dd- It’s not-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve-dd- Napoleon Hill . Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right-dd- Henry Ford . Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life-dd- Don’t be trapped by dogma-dd- Steve Jobs . It is not the strength of the body that counts, but the strength of the spirit-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand-dd- The sun’s rays do not burn until brought to a focus-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . I have been impressed with the urgency of doing-dd- Knowing is not enough; we must apply-dd- Being willing is not enough; we must do-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . If you can’t fly then run, if you can’t run then walk, if you can’t walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage-dd- Anais Nin . I was taught that the way of progress was neither swift nor easy-dd- Marie Curie . There is always room at the top-dd- Daniel Webster . Action is character-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . Leap, and the net will appear-dd- John Burroughs . Be your own hero-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I prefer to die trying-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Wake up determined-dd- Go to bed satisfied-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . I like getting to that point where it’s hard, and then, pushing harder-dd- Zach Miller . Light tomorrow with today-dd- Elizabeth Barrett Browning . Show them what crazy dreams can do-dd- Nike . We must act-dd- Marie Curie . Remember why you started-dd- Erin Janus . Success is my only option, failure’s not-dd- Eminem . I am not talented-dd- I am obsessed-dd- Conor McGregor . You could be anyone if you put the time-dd- Conor McGregor . Nothing is given-dd- Everything is earned-dd- LeBron James . If you can’t stop thinking about it, don’t stop working for it-dd- Unknown . I didn’t come this far to only go this far-dd- Unknown . The moment you want to quit is the moment you need to keep pushing-dd- Unknown . One day or day one-dd- It’s your choice-dd- Unknown . Don’t wait for opportunity-dd- Create it-dd- Unknown . You are your only limit-dd- Unknown . Prove them wrong-dd- Unknown . I can and I will-dd- Unknown . Don’t call it a dream, call it a plan-dd- Unknown . What you allow is what will continue-dd- Unknown . Don’t stop until you’re proud-dd- Unknown . Don’t look back – you’re not going that way-dd- Unknown . You are capable of amazing things-dd- Unknown . Better an oops than a what if-dd- Unknown . Storms make trees take deeper roots-dd- Unknown . Don’t wish for it-dd- Work for it-dd- Unknown . Will it be easy-qq- No-dd- Will it be worth it-qq- Absolutely-dd- Unknown . Strive for progress, not perfection-dd- Unknown . Feel the fear-dd- Do it anyway-xx- Jillian Michaels . Don’t wait-dd- The time will never be just right-dd- Napoleon Hill . Half-heartedness never won a battle-dd- William McKinley . Good is the enemy of great-dd- Jony Ive (Apple) . Quality is not an act, it is a habit-dd- Aristotle . Aim for the highest-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Do your thing and don’t care if they like it-dd- Tina Fey . What you do today can improve all your tomorrows-dd- Ralph Marston . And you ask “What if I fall-qq-”-dd- Oh, but my darling, “What if you fly-qq-”-dd- Erin Hanson . Nothing happens to anybody which he is not fitted by nature to bear-dd- Marcus Aurelius . You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great-dd- Zig Ziglar . What’s the tiniest step you can take-qq- Do that first-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet-dd- Only through experiences of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired and success achieved-dd- Helen Keller . Don’t bend; don’t water it down; don’t try to make it logical; don’t edit your own soul according to the fashion-dd- Rather, follow your most intense obsessions mercilessly-dd- Franz Kafka . Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done-dd- Louis D-dd- Brandeis . Knowing what you want and going after it every day is one of the most beautiful things anyone can have in life-dd- Tom Bilyeu . Everything will happen for you all of a sudden and you will be thankful you didn’t give up-dd- Blessings are coming-dd- Believe that-dd- Jay Shetty . Become the best in the world at what you do-dd- Keep redefining what you do until this is true-dd- Naval Ravikant . I am not what happened to me-dd- I am what I choose to become-dd- Unknown . Strength grows in the moments you can’t go on, but you keep going anyway-dd- Unknown . I realized that I don’t have to be perfect-dd- All I have to do is show up and enjoy the messy, imperfect and beautiful journey of life-dd- Unknown . I’m not here to be average-dd- I’m here to be awesome-dd- Unknown . Your potential is endless-dd- Go do what you were created to do-dd- Unknown . How many success stories do you need to hear before you make your own-qq- Unknown . Start where you are-dd- Use what you have-dd- Do what you can-dd- Arthur Ashe . The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire, the size of your dream and how you handle disappointment along the way-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . It’s our own ability to have an idea and go after the idea and make it happen-dd- That’s what at the end of the day defines us-dd- Satya Nadella (Microsoft) . I want to be looked back on as being very innovative, very trusted and ethical and ultimately making a big difference in the world-dd- Sergey Brin (Google) . Having faith, beliefs, and convictions is a great thing, but your life is measured by the actions you take based upon them-dd- Nick Vujicic . Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success-dd- A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you-dd- Achieve-xx- Achieve-xx- Andrew Carnegie . Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . A positive mind finds a way it can be done; A negative mind looks for all the ways it can’t be done-dd- Napoleon Hill . When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve-dd- Napoleon Hill . We’re not playing solitaire out here-dd- Bill Parcells . The ultimate inspiration is the deadline-dd- Nolan Bushnell . Expect problems and eat them for breakfast-dd- Alfred A-dd- Montapert . Don’t worry about looking good – worry about achieving your goals-dd- Ray Dalio . You can’t be that kid standing at the top of the waterslide, overthinking it-dd- You have to go down the chute-dd- Tina Fey . Doing nothing is very hard to do… you never know when you’re finished-dd- Leslie Nielsen . There are seven days in a week and someday isn’t one of them-dd- Unknown . Only dead fish go with the flow-dd- Unknown . Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting-dd- Christopher Morley . You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take-dd- Wayne Gretzky . Dream as if you’ll live forever-dd- Live as if you’ll die today-dd- James Dean . Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence-dd- Vince Lombardi . Aim for the moon-dd- If you miss, you may hit a star-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . A quitter never wins and a winner never quits-dd- Napoleon Hill . Of course motivation is not permanent-dd- But then, neither is bathing; but it is something you should do on a regular basis-dd- Zig Ziglar . If life gives you lemons, make lemonade-dd- Unknown . Live every day like it’s your last-dd- Unknown . Be like a postage stamp – stick to one thing until you get there-dd- Unknown . You can’t make a rainbow without a little rain-dd- Unknown . Don’t watch the clock; do what it does-dd- Keep going-dd- Sam Levenson . Either you run the day or the day runs you-dd- Jim Rohn . Sweat is the cologne of accomplishment-dd- Heywood Hale Broun . Whenever I feel the need to exercise I lie down until it goes away-dd- Paul Terry . Even if you fall on your face you’re still moving forward-dd- Victor Kiam . If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . I think everybody should get rich and famous and do everything they ever dreamed of so they can see that it’s not the answer-dd- Jim Carrey . It’s never too late to go back to bed-dd- Unknown . It is what it is-dd- And it’s not good-dd- Unknown . I do marathons, on Netflix-dd- Unknown . Work hard-dd- Complain harder-dd- Unknown . Procrastinate now-dd- Don’t put it off-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . There are four basic human needs; food, sleep, sex and revenge-dd- Banksy . What I’m looking for is not out there, it is in me-dd- Helen Keller . If you are not doing what you love, you are wasting your time-dd- Billy Joel . It is never too late to be what you might have been-dd- George Eliot . Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck-dd- Dalai Lama . Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears-dd- Les Brown . We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong-dd- The amount of work is the same-dd- Carlos Castaneda . I have had all of the disadvantages required for success-dd- Larry Ellison (Oracle) . Life has a way of testing a person’s will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen at once-dd- Paulo Coelho . A wise man can always be found alone-dd- A weak man can always be found in crowd-dd- Unknown . To dare is to lose one’s footing momentarily-dd- Not to dare is to lose oneself-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . What are the most powerful words in the universe-qq- The ones you use to talk to yourself-dd- Karen Salmansohn . My mama always used to tell me: ‘If you can’t find somethin’ to live for, you best find somethin’ to die for-dd- Tupac . Motivation comes from meaning-dd- Everything comes from meaning-dd- Jay Shetty . If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self-dd- Napoleon Hill . You have to be at your strongest when you’re feeling at your weakest-dd- Unknown . It doesn’t get easier-dd- You get stronger-dd- Unknown . It’s difficult to follow your dream-dd- It’s a tragedy not to-dd- Unknown . There is no class so pitiably wretched as that which possesses money and nothing else-dd- Andrew Carnegie . A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with – a man is what he makes of himself-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . Sentiment without action is the ruin of the soul-dd- Edward Abbey . Most people fail in life because they major in minor things-dd- Tony Robbins . It is not the path which is the difficulty; rather, it is the difficulty which is the path-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . A hero is one who knows how to hang on for one minute longer-dd- Norwegian proverb . Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs-dd- Farrah Gray . Finishing something will give you satisfaction-dd- Finishing something important to you will give you meaning-dd- A meaningful life is a good life-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The most important thing is to continue-dd- Forget about others, forget about the scoreboard, forget about your failures-dd- Just keep pushing-dd- Maxime Lagacé . To avoid criticism, say nothing, do nothing, be nothing-dd- Elbert Hubbard . You don’t “discover” your place in the world-dd- You carve it out-dd- Thibaut . Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind-dd- Be led by the dreams in your heart-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Winners focus on winning-dd- Losers focus on winners-dd- @Eric Thomas . Winners never quit and quitters never win-dd- Vince Lombardi . Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough-dd- Og Mandino . What comes easy won’t last-dd- What lasts won’t come easy-dd- Unknown . You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction-dd- George Lorimer . Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you’ll be able to see further-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Don’t do what you can do – try what you can’t do-dd- William Faulkner . Someone once told me growth and comfort do not coexist-dd- And I think it’s a really good thing to remember-dd- Ginni Rometty (IBM) . Embrace bad news to learn where you need the most improvement-dd- Bill Gates . A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships-dd- Helen Keller . It is always your next move-dd- Napoleon Hill . Let your workings remain a mystery-dd- Just show people the results-dd- Lao Tzu . The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others-dd- Hasidic proverb . The man who does more than he is paid for will soon be paid for more than he does-dd- Napoleon Hill . Genius begins great works; labor alone finishes them-dd- Joseph Joubert . One of the greatest satisfaction in life is creating something you truly believe in-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Do what you love, and don’t stop until you get what you love-dd- Work as hard as you can, imagine immensities-dd- Debbie Millman . Done is better than perfect-dd- Sheryl Sandberg (Facebook) . Even if you on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there-dd- Will Rogers . True happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done, the zest of creating things new-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . A company shouldn’t get addicted to being shiny, because shiny doesn’t last-dd- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . Work gives you meaning and purpose, and life is empty without it-dd- Stephen Hawking . When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla) . Failure is an option here-dd- If things are not failing, you are not innovating enough-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla) . You get the best out of others when you give the best of yourself-dd- Harvey Firestone . Leadership is an action, not a position-dd- Donal McGannon . Be so ridiculously great at what you do that the world cannot help but give you an audience-dd- Joubert Botha . Our work is the presentation of our capabilities-dd- Edward Gibbon . Your income right now is a result of your standards, it is not the industry, it is not the economy-dd- Tony Robbins . Leaders spend 5% of their time on the problem and 95% of their time on the solution-dd- Get over it and crush it-xx- Tony Robbins . We are judged by what we finish, not by what we start-dd- Unknown . The ability to concentrate and to use time well is everything-dd- Lee Iacocca (Ford) . Management is nothing more than motivating other people-dd- Lee Iacocca . The speed of the boss is the speed of the team-dd- Lee Iacocca . I believe in the dignity of labor, whether with head or hand; that the world owes no man a living but that it owes every man an opportunity to make a living-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . I believe you have to be willing to be misunderstood if you’re going to innovate-dd- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . If you only do thing where you know the answer in advance, your company goes away-dd- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . We are limited, not by our abilities, but by our vision-dd- Kahlil Gibran . No man can become rich without himself enriching others-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much-dd- Helen Keller . The greater the difficulty, the greater the glory-dd- Cicero . Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor-dd- Truman Capote . Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records-dd- William Arthur Ward . Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it-dd- Helen Keller . The clearer you are about the impact you want to have in the world, the less intimidating obstacles will look like-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The most important thing in life is to stop saying ‘I wish’ and start saying ‘I will’-dd- Consider nothing impossible, then treat possibilities as probabilities-dd- Charles Dickens . Wear your failure as a badge of honor-dd- Sundar Pichai (Google) . It’s fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . All that was great in the past was ridiculed, condemned, combated, suppressed — only to emerge all the more powerfully, all the more triumphantly from the struggle-dd- Nikola Tesla . The challenges in our lives are there to strengthen our convictions-dd- They are not there to run us over-dd- Nick Vujicic . Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet-dd- Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved-dd- Nick Vujicic . Sometimes, you have to get knocked down lower than you have ever been to stand back up taller than you ever were-dd- Jim Kwik . All my problems bow before my stubbornness-dd- Amit Kalantri . If you get tired, learn to rest, not to quit-dd- Banksy . Falling down is an accident-dd- Staying down is a choice-dd- Unknown . No matter how much it hurts now, someday, you will look back and realize your struggles changed your life for the better-dd- Unknown . Don’t you dare give up on this life-dd- Not tonight-dd- Not tomorrow-dd- Not ever-dd- Unknown . Sometimes, you have to get knocked down lower than you have ever been to stand back up taller than you ever were-dd- Unknown . I do not think that there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance-dd- It overcomes almost everything, even nature-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal-dd- My strength lies solely in my tenacity-dd- Louis Pasteur . Most great people have achieved their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure-dd- Napoleon Hill . First principle: never to let one’s self be beaten down by persons or by events-dd- Marie Curie . When it’s darkest, men see the stars-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Some people dream of success, while others wake up and work hard at it-dd- Napoleon Hill . Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning-dd- Gloria Steinem . I truly believe that in order to truly be great at something you have to give into a certain amount of madness-dd- Joe Rogan . Confidence comes from experience-dd- Experiences comes from trying and failing and trying again, this time better-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The time that leads to mastery is dependent on the intensity of our focus-dd- Robert Greene . The less you fear, the more power you will have and the more fully you will live-dd- Robert Greene . If you give up on your dreams, what’s left-qq- Jim Carrey . Success is a state of mind-dd- If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success-dd- Joyce Brothers . It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . Don’t give up on your dreams, or your dreams will give up on you-dd- John Wooden . Success only comes to those who dare to attempt-dd- Mallika Tripathi . One important key to success is self-confidence-dd- An important key to self-confidence is preparation-dd- Arthur Ashe . I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within-dd- It was there all the time-dd- Anna Freud . Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will-dd- Suzy Kassem . Anything that gets your blood racing is probably worth doing-dd- Hunter S-dd- Thompson . Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting-dd- Napoleon Hill . You’ll never change your life until you change something you do daily-dd- The secret of your success is found in your daily routine-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it-dd- Jordan Belfort (The Wolf Of Wall-Street) . To be successful your focus has to be so intense that others think you’re crazy-dd- Unknown . You did not wake up today to be mediocre-dd- Unknown . Don’t tell people your dreams-dd- Show them-dd- Unknown . Dreams don’t work unless you do-dd- Unknown . Your imagination is your preview of life’s coming attractions-dd- Albert Einstein . Rarely are opportunities presented to you in a perfect way-dd- In a nice little box with a yellow bow on top-dd- Susan Wojcicki (YouTube) . Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal-dd- Henry Ford . If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it-dd- Andrew Carnegie . The most successful men in the end are those whose success is the result of steady accretion-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . Any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought-dd- Napoleon Hill . Finding an opportunity is a matter of believing it’s there-dd- Barbara Corcoran . Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible-dd- Tony Robbins . The path to success is to take massive, determined action-dd- Tony Robbins . If you don’t risk anything, you risk even more-dd- Erica Jong . Opportunities don’t happen, you create them-dd- Chris Grosser . If you can’t change a situation, change your mind-dd- Unknown . With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves-dd- Viktor E-dd- Frankl . What you’re afraid is not the sea but to lose sight of the shore-dd- Remember: the promised land is on the other side-dd- Maxime Lagacé . No matter how hard the past is, you can always begin again-dd- Jack Kornfield . If you dare nothing, then when the day is over, nothing is all you will have gained-dd- Neil Gaiman . Very often a change of self is needed more than a change of scene-dd- Arthur Christopher Benson . If you want a future that makes you happy, if you want a world that you’re excited about, get your ass out there and earn it-dd- Tom Bilyeu . We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us-dd- Joseph Campbell . The biggest risk is not taking any risk-dd- In a world that’s changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks-dd- Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook) . Fear is the biggest disability of all-dd- And will paralyze you more than being in a wheelchair-dd- Nick Vujicic . The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible-dd- Arthur C-dd- Clarke . If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten-dd- Tony Robbins . We can change our lives-dd- We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish-dd- Tony Robbins . The starting point of all achievement is desire-dd- Keep this constantly in mind-dd- Weak desires bring weak results, just as a small fire makes a small amount of heat-dd- Napoleon Hill . All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea-dd- Napoleon Hill . Be willing to sacrifice what you think you have today for the life that you want tomorrow-dd- Neil Strauss . Some injuries heal more quickly if you keep moving-dd- Nick Vujicic . What’s dangerous is not to evolve-dd- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . Either I will find a way, or I will make one-dd- Philip Sidney . The only way to shut everybody up is to win-dd- Terry Bradshaw . It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up-dd- Vince Lombardi . Goals are powerful motivators but they can also make you miserable-dd- World-class daily habits are what you need-dd- Maxime Lagacé . To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift-dd- Steve Prefontaine . If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary-dd- Jim Rohn . You’re never a loser until you quit trying-dd- Mike Ditka . Success isn’t permanent, and failure isn’t fatal-dd- Mike Ditka . How much can you know about yourself if you’ve never been in a fight-qq- Fight Club . Don’t ever let good enough be good enough-dd- Bill Parcells . Individuals play the game, but teams win championships-dd- Bill Parcells . Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there-dd- Bo Jackson . There will be obstacles-dd- There will be doubters-dd- There will be mistakes-dd- But with hard work, there are no limits-dd- Michael Phelps . When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you’ll be successful-dd- Eric Thomas . The devotion of thought to an honest achievement makes the achievement possible-dd- Mary Baker Eddy . In the long run, we only hit what we aim at-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything-dd- Napoleon Hill . Today I will do what others won’t so tomorrow I can do what others can’t-dd- Jerry Rice . The greatest danger we face is the mind going soft-dd- Robert Greene . Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it-dd- Washington Irving . Continuous improvement is better than delayed perfection-dd- Mark Twain . If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand-dd- Bob Proctor . Your past does not equal your future-dd- Tony Robbins . Excellence is an art won by training and habituation-dd- Aristotle . If you want something you never had you have to do something you’ve never done-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Make your habits so specific and your dreams so inspiring that motivation will take care of itself-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Success isn’t always about greatness-dd- It’s about consistency-dd- Consistent hard work gains success-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that’s your own self-dd- Aldous Huxley . Do 40 hard minutes, not an hour and a half of nonsense-dd- Jason Statham . It’s not about perfect-dd- It’s about effort-dd- And when you bring that effort every single day, that’s where transformation happens-dd- That’s how change occurs-dd- Jillian Michaels . The last three or four reps is what makes the muscle grow-dd- This area of pain divides the champion from someone else who is not a champion-dd- That’s what most people lack, having the guts to go on and just say they’ll go through the pain no matter what happens-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity, no matter how impressive their other talents-dd- Andrew Carnegie . It is the mind that makes the body rich-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it-dd- The time will pass anyway-dd- Earl Nightingale . Motivation is what gets you started-dd- Habit is what keeps you going-dd- Jim Rohn . Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do-dd- Don’t wish it were easier, wish you were better-dd- Jim Rohn . Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success-dd- Napoleon Hill . Lack of emotion causes lack of progress and lack of motivation-dd- Tony Robbins . If you can’t, you must-dd- If you must, you can-dd- Tony Robbins . If you have no destination, you’ll never get there-dd- Harvey Mackay . Effort is only effort when it begins to hurt-dd- José Ortega y Gassett . No pain, no gain-dd- Shut up and train-dd- Unknown . Making excuses burns zero calories per hour-dd- Unknown . Without self-discipline, success is impossible-dd- Period-dd- Unknown . One hour from now, do you want to be sweaty ─ or sorry-qq- Unknown . Don’t stop when you’re tired-dd- Stop when you are done-dd- Unknown . You’re only one workout away from a good mood-dd- Unknown . Train insane or remain the same-dd- Unknown . It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop-dd- Confucius . Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace-dd- Mike Ditka . Look in the mirror, that’s your competition-dd- Eric Thomas . If someone tells you “you can’t” they’re showing you their limits, not yours-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Popularity games is what envious kids play-dd- Long term learning games is what smart kids play-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom-dd- George Washington Carver . Nothing great ever came that easy-dd- Kresley Cole . Without a struggle, there can be no progress-dd- Frederick Douglass . You have brains in your head-dd- You have feet in your shoes-dd- You can steer yourself any direction you choose-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . The more that you read, the more things you will know-dd- The more that you learn, the more places you’ll go-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty-dd- Anyone who keeps learning stays young-dd- The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young-dd- Henry Ford . There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow men-dd- True nobility lies in being superior to your former self-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood-dd- Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less-dd- Marie Curie . Stop hating yourself for everything you aren’t and start loving yourself for everything you already are-dd- Unknown . People do not decide to become extraordinary-dd- They decide to accomplish extraordinary things-dd- Edmund Hillary . Anything is possible when you are inner peace-dd- Master Shifu (Kung Fun Panda) . You’ve gotta let go of that stuff from the past because it just doesn’t matter-xx- The only thing that matters is what you choose to be now-dd- Po (Kung Fu Panda) . Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more-dd- Tony Robbins . Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers-dd- Tony Robbins . The more you give, the more comes back to you-dd- Napoleon Hill . I have no special talents-dd- I am only passionately curious-dd- Albert Einstein . By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail-dd- Benjamin Franklin . There’s a way to do it better – find it-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others-dd- Ayn Rand . Learn to be happy with the endless try/fail/learn approach-dd- True growth is slow and steady-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Nothing ever comes to one, that is worth having, except as a result of hard work-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . If you shut the door to all errors, truth will be shut out-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . My goal is not to be better than anyone else, but to be better than I used to be-dd- Wayne Dyer . Don’t ask for what the world needs-dd- Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it-dd- Brené Brown . I am just a child who has never grown up-dd- I still keep asking these ‘how’ and ‘why’ questions-dd- Occasionally, I find an answer-dd- Stephen Hawking . Apply yourself-dd- Get all the education you can, but then, by God, do something-dd- Don’t just stand there, make it happen-dd- Lee Iacocca . Forget the mistake-dd- Remember the lesson-dd- Unknown . Be ready to fail because only then you are ready to succeed-dd- Unknown . You were born to be real, not perfect-dd- Unknown . Making mistakes is better than faking perfections-dd- Unknown . Do something wonderful, people may imitate it-dd- Albert Schweitzer . If you only do what you can do, you will never be more than you are now-dd- Master Shifu (Kung Fu Panda) . The days you don’t want to are the days you have to if you want to reach your goal-dd- Jay Shetty . Best lesson I have learned in life came from the worst feeling I ever felt in life-dd- Jay Shetty . Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful-dd- Joshua J-dd- Marine . Learning is the only thing the mind never exhausts, never fears, and never regrets-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Who is wise-qq- He that learns from everyone-dd- Benjamin Franklin . The expert at anything was once a beginner-dd- Helen Hayes . She believed she could so she did-dd- Unknown . Life is tough, darling, but so are you-dd- Stephanie Bennett-Henry . Have no fear of perfection; you’ll never reach it-dd- Marie Curie . Only I can change my life-dd- No one can do it for me-dd- Carol Burnett . Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th-dd- Julie Andrews . Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate-dd- Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure-dd- Marianne Williamson . I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse-dd- Florence Nightingale . We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves-dd- We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained-dd- Marie Curie . She remembered who she was and the game changed-dd- Lalah Delia . You have the power to change the course of your life with each thought, habit, and action-dd- Make it count-dd- Lalah Delia . Self-care is how you take your power back-dd- Lalah Delia . Choose people who choose you-dd- Jay Shetty . A bad day for your ego is a great day for your soul-dd- Jillian Michaels . I never dreamed about success-dd- I worked for it-dd- Estee Lauder . Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear-dd- George Addair . The soul that is within me no man can degrade-dd- Frederick Douglass . The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going-dd- Epictetus . He who wishes to be rich in a day will be hanged in a year-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Deep down you know what you want-dd- Deep down you have what it takes-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you had one shot, or one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted in one moment-dd- Would you capture it or just let it slip-qq- Eminem . The man who acquires the ability to take full possession of his own mind may take possession of anything else to which he is justly entitled-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Start by doing what’s necessary; then do what’s possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible-dd- Francis of Assisi . I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it-dd- The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear-dd- Nelson Mandela . The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it-dd- Michaelangelo . Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements-dd- Napoleon Hill . I am not a product of my circumstances-dd- I am a product of my decisions-dd- Stephen Covey . Without ambition one starts nothing-dd- Without work one finishes nothing-dd- The prize will not be sent to you-dd- You have to win it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life-dd- Tony Robbins . The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones-dd- Confucius . Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . We aim above the mark to hit the mark-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines-dd- Robert H-dd- Schuller . I was not the most talented, but I was the one who worked the hardest-dd- It made all the difference-dd- Maxime Lagacé . You will never be able to hit a target that you cannot see-dd- Robin Sharma . A lot of people will just stop because they’re dead tired-dd- You gotta do that extra one-dd- That’s when you improve-dd- Usain Bolt . No matter how far you think you are ahead of me, I’m going to catch you-dd- That’s my mentality that I go out there with-dd- Usain Bolt . You don’t get any medal for trying something, you get medals for results-dd- Bill Parcells . Never let the world define you as less than great-dd- Bill Parcells . The worst thing I can be is the same as everybody else-dd- I hate that-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . I didn’t want to just be a body building champion-dd- I wanted to be the best body builder of all time-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and think of what could go right-dd- Unknown . When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it-dd- Henry Ford . I believe that the true road to preeminent success in any line is to make yourself master of that line-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all-dd- Dale Carnegie . You’ll never get ahead of anyone as long as you try to get even with him-dd- Lou Holtz . Every adversity, every failure, and every heartache, carries with it the seed of an equivalent or greater benefit-dd- Napoleon Hill . You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore-dd- William Faulkner . The real secret to success is enthusiasm-dd- Walter Chrysler . Never think there is anything impossible for the soul-dd- Swami Vivekananda . One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals-dd- Michael Korda . Make the most of yourself… for that is all there is of you-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . It’s what you practice in private that you will be rewarded for in public-dd- Tony Robbins . Without ambition, one starts nothing-dd- Without work, one finishes nothing-dd- The prize will not be sent to you-dd- You have to win it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Happiness comes from peace-dd- Peace comes from indifference-dd- Naval Ravikant . Happiness is not doing fun things-dd- Happiness is doing meaningful things-dd- Maxime Lagacé . One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory-dd- Rita Mae Brown . Cry-dd- Forgive-dd- Learn-dd- Move on-dd- Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness-dd- Steve Maraboli . He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe-dd- Marcus Aurelius . If you want to be happy, be-dd- Leo Tolstoy . If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . You can only have bliss if you don’t chase it-dd- Henepola Gunaratana . For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . It’s the little things in life-dd- . We don’t laugh because we’re happy – we’re happy because we laugh-dd- William James . Now and then it’s good to pause in our pursuit of happiness and just be happy-dd- Guillaume Apollinaire . That’s your unlimited desires that are clouding your peace, your happiness-dd- Naval Ravikant . Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened-dd- Ludwig Jacobowski . Doing what you like is freedom-dd- Liking what you do is happiness-dd- Frank Tyger . There is more to life than increasing its speed-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . When one door of happiness closes, another opens, but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us-dd- Helen Keller . Life is 10 percent what happens to you and 90 percent how you respond to it-dd- Lou Holtz . True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one’s self-dd- Joseph Addison . Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time-dd- Marthe Troly-Curtin . Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for-dd- Joseph Addison . Happiness, not in another place but this place…not for another hour, but this hour-dd- Walt Whitman . Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Happiness-qq- That’s nothing more than health and a poor memory-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Don’t take life too seriously-dd- You’ll never get out of it alive-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Seek it outside and you’ll be exhausted-dd- Seek it inside you’ll find a path-dd- Maxime Lagacé . It’s the moments that I stopped just to be, rather than do, that have given me true happiness-dd- Richard Branson . I am very happy because I have conquered myself and not the world-dd- I am very happy because I have loved the world and not myself-dd- Sri Chinmoy . What a wonderful life I’ve had-xx- I only wish I’d realized it sooner-dd- Colette . My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style-dd- Maya Angelou . Our greatest happiness does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits-dd- Thomas Jefferson . People don’t notice whether it’s winter or summer when they’re happy-dd- Anton Chekhov . Success is getting what you want-dd- Happiness is wanting what you get-dd- Dale Carnegie . Boredom is the feeling that everything is a waste of time…serenity, that nothing is-dd- Thomas Szasz (This is one of my favorite happiness quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated-dd- Confucius . The best way to cheer yourself is to try to cheer someone else up-dd- Mark Twain . If you want others to be happy, practice compassion-dd- If you want to be happy, practice compassion-dd- Dalai Lama . Happiness is not something ready made-dd- It comes from your own actions-dd- Dalai Lama . Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . In our lives, change is unavoidable, loss is unavoidable-dd- In the adaptability and ease with which we experience change, lies our happiness and freedom-dd- Buddha . Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened-dd- Happiness never decreases by being shared-dd- Buddha . The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know-dd- Ernest Hemingway . The most important thing is to enjoy your life – to be happy – it’s all that matters-dd- Audrey Hepburn . The advantage of a bad memory is that one enjoys several times the same good things for the first time-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Learn to value yourself, which means: fight for your happiness-dd- Ayn Rand . Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Happiness depends upon ourselves-dd- Aristotle . Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile-dd- Albert Einstein . Happiness is a state where nothing is missing-dd- Naval Ravikant . The constant happiness is curiosity-dd- Alice Munro . Be happy-dd- It’s one way of being wise-dd- Colette . Finding happiness is easy: stop being busy-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Being happy is being satisfied-dd- Being satisfied means accepting-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Doing what you were born to do… That’s the way to be happy-dd- Agnes Martin . Being happy is not the only happiness-dd- Alice Walker . Enjoy it-dd- Because it’s happening-dd- Stephen Chbosky . No medicine cures what happiness cannot-dd- Gabriel García Márquez . It is more fitting for a man to laugh at life than to lament over it-dd- Seneca . The thicker the skin, the happier the man-dd- Life Math Money . Happiness is acceptance-dd- Unknown . All happiness depends on courage and work-dd- Honoré de Balzac . It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness-dd- Charles Spurgeon . The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet-dd- James Oppenheim . There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved-dd- George Sand . Nobody can be uncheered with a balloon-dd- Winnie the Pooh . Be happy for this moment-dd- This moment is your life-dd- Omar Khayyam . I must learn to be content with being happier than I deserve-dd- Jane Austen . Whoever is happy will make others happy-dd- Anne Frank . Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . We forge the chains we wear in life-dd- Charles Dickens . I’m happy-dd- Which often looks like crazy-dd- David Henry Hwang . Happiness does not lead to gratitude-dd- Gratitude leads to happiness-dd- David Steindl-Rast . Happiness is a gift and the trick is not to expect it, but to delight in it when it comes-dd- Charles Dickens . The deepest satisfaction you’ll find will be when you give all you’ve got on one thing, or when you’ll do absolutely nothing and accept life as it is-dd- Think On/Off-dd- Avoid the middle-dd- Maxime Lagacé . It is the very mark of the spirit of rebellion to crave for happiness in this life-dd- Henrik Ibsen . So we shall let the reader answer this question for himself: who is the happier man, he who has braved the storm of life and lived or he who has stayed securely on shore and merely existed-qq- Hunter S-dd- Thompson . The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . People are unhappy when they get something too easily-dd- You have to sweat – that’s the only moral they know-dd- Dany Laferrière . The greatest secret to happiness and peace is letting every life situation be what it is, instead of what you think it should be-dd- Then, make the very best of it-dd- Thibaut . If you want to be happy, set a goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Today is life – the only life you are sure of-dd- Make the most of today-dd- Get interested in something-dd- Shake yourself awake-dd- Develop a hobby-dd- Let the winds of enthusiasm sweep through you-dd- Live today with gusto-dd- Dale Carnegie . What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds-dd- Wayne Dyer . There is no passion to be found playing small – in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living-dd- Nelson Mandela . If you don’t design your own life plan, chances are you’ll fall into someone else’s plan-dd- And guess what they have planned for you-qq- Not much-dd- Jim Rohn . Live with intention-dd- Walk to the edge-dd- Listen hard-dd- Practice wellness-dd- Play with abandon-dd- Laugh-dd- Choose with no regret-dd- Do what you love-dd- Live as if this is all there is-dd- Mary Anne Roadacher-Hershey . The greatest happiness you can have is knowing that you do not necessarily require happiness-dd- William Saroyan . In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count-dd- It’s the life in your years-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Pleasure is very seldom found where it is sought-dd- Our brightest blazes are commonly kindled by unexpected sparks-dd- Samuel Johnson . On the whole, the happiest people seem to be those who have no particular cause for being happy except that they are so-dd- William R-dd- Inge . Plenty of people miss their share of happiness, not because they never found it, but because they didn’t stop to enjoy it-dd- William Feather . I have only two kinds of days: happy and hysterically happy-dd- Allen J-dd- Lefferdink . Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go-dd- Unknown . Life is short-dd- Smile while you still have teeth-dd- Unknown . There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness-dd- Lady Blessington . To be stupid, selfish, and have good health are three requirements for happiness, though if stupidity is lacking, all is lost-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Sanity and happiness are an impossible combination-dd- Mark Twain . Expecting life to treat you well because you are a good person is like expecting an angry bull not to charge because you are a vegetarian-dd- Shari R-dd- Barr . Of all the things you wear, your expression is the most important-dd- Janet Lane . You can’t buy happiness but you can buy ice cream-dd- And that’s kind of the same thing-dd- Unknown . When someone told me I lived in a fantasy land I nearly fell of my unicorn-dd- Unknown . Some days I amaze myself-dd- Other days I put my keys in the fridge-dd- Unknown . Happiness does not have a price tag so smile-dd- Unknown . The best vitamin to be a happy person is B1-dd- Unknown . Be happy-dd- It really annoys negative people-dd- Ricky Gervais . One day, or day one, you decide-dd- . Happiness is not out there, it’s in you-dd- . Difficult roads often leads to beautiful destinations-dd- . The key to being happy is knowing you have the power to choose what to accept and what to let go-dd- . Don’t let the silly little things steal your happiness-dd- . There is no happiness; there are only moments of happiness-dd- . People wait all week for Friday, all year for summer, all life for happiness-dd- . Cheerfulness is the very flower of health-dd- . The secret of being happy is accepting where you are in life and making the most out of everyday-dd- . There are so many beautiful reasons to be happy-dd- . Life only comes around once, so do whatever makes you happy, and be with whoever makes you smile-dd- . Someday you’ll look back and understand why it all happened the way it did-dd- . Doing what you like is freedom-dd- Liking what you do is happiness-dd- . We can’t direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails-dd- . Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting-dd- Bernard Meltzer . Happiness: A butterfly, which when pursued, seems always just beyond your grasp; but if you sit down quietly, may alight upon you-dd- Daily Crescent . Gather the crumbs of happiness and they will make you a loaf of contentment-dd- Unknown . Happy girls are the prettiest-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Be you-dd- Do you-dd- For you-dd- Unknown . Happiness is a place between too much and too little-dd- Finnish proverb . Seeking happiness is a straight way to misery-dd- English proverb . You cannot prevent the birds of sadness from passing over your head, but you can prevent their making a nest in your hair-dd- Chinese proverb . If you want happiness for an hour, take a nap-dd- If you want happiness for a day, go fishing-dd- If you want happiness for a year, inherit a fortune-dd- If you want happiness for a lifetime, help someone else-dd- Chinese proverb . Tension is who you think you should be, relaxation is who you are-dd- Chinese proverb . If we would just slow down, happiness would catch up to us-dd- Richard Carlson . Not wanting something is as good as having it-dd- Naval Ravikant . Happiness is a choice and a skill and you can dedicate yourself to learning that skill and making that choice-dd- Naval Ravikant . School, politics, sports, and games train us to compete against others-dd- True rewards – wealth, knowledge, love, fitness, and equanimity – come from ignoring others and improving ourselves-dd- Naval Ravikant . One happiness scatters a thousand sorrows-dd- Chinese proverb . There is great happiness in not wanting, in not being something, in not going somewhere-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Your mind will seek security and comfort in accumulation (of knowledge, material, status, etc-dd-)-dd- This is a never ending game-dd- Be above that-dd- Play the long game-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Say no more often so you can say yes to what’s important for you-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The more people need to show the’re happy, the less they are-dd- Maxime Lagacé . It’s been my experience that you can nearly always enjoy things if you make up your mind firmly that you will-dd- L-dd-M-dd- Montgomery . If you find happiness, people may be jealous-dd- Be happy anyway-dd- Mother Teresa . There are two ways to be happy: improve your reality, or lower your expectations-dd- Jodi Picoult . Don’t postpone joy until you have learned all of your lessons-dd- Joy is your lesson-dd- Alan Cohen . Happiness does not consist in pastimes and amusements but in virtuous activities-dd- Aristotle . It is difficult to find happiness within oneself, but it is impossible to find it anywhere else-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . The secret of happiness is to admire without desiring-dd- Carl Sandburg . God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference-dd- Reinhold Niebuhr . Happiness is the default state-dd- It’s what’s there when you remove the sense that something is missing in life-dd- Naval Ravikant . Security is when everything is settled, when nothing can happen to you; security is the denial of life-dd- Germaine Greer . There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do-dd- Freya Stark . In every part and corner of our life, to lose oneself is to be a gainer; to forget oneself is to be happy-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . Persons of high self-esteem are not driven to make themselves superior to others; they do not seek to prove their value by measuring themselves against a comparative standard-dd- Their joy is being who they are, not in being better than someone else-dd- Nathaniel Branden . A truly happy person is one who can enjoy the scenery while on a detour-dd- Unknown . Is it not clear, however, that bliss and envy are the numerator and denominator of the fraction called happiness-qq- Yevgeny Zamyatin . Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so-dd- John Stuart Mill . There is no way to happiness — happiness is the way-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Enjoyment is just the sound of being centered-dd- Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh . When neither their property nor their honor is touched, the majority of men live content-dd- Niccolo Machiavelli . Happiness in this world, when it comes, comes incidentally-dd- Make it the object of pursuit, and it leads us a wild-goose chase, and is never attained-dd- Nathaniel Hawthorne . Sometimes we don’t find the thing that will make us happy because we can’t give up the thing that was supposed to-dd- Robert Brault . Joy is more divine than sorrow; for joy is bread, and sorrow is medicine-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Usefulness is happiness, and… all other things are but incidental-dd- Lydia Maria Child, The American Frugal Housewife . Most of us believe in trying to make other people happy only if they can be happy in ways which we approve-dd- Robert S-dd- Lynd . To be happy, you must fancy that everything you have is a gift, and you the chosen, though you worked your tail off for every bit of it-dd- Robert Brault . The ultimate value of life depends upon awareness and the power of contemplation rather than upon mere survival-dd- Aristotle . Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length-dd- Robert Frost . To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness-dd- Bertrand Russell . The only disability in life is a bad attitude-dd- Scott Hamilton . All life is an experiment-dd- The more experiments you make the better-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Ups and downs-dd- Victories and defeats-dd- Sadness and happiness-dd- That’s the hardest but also the most satisfying kind of life-dd- Maxime Lagacé . When was the last time you paused and took a deep breath-qq- Maxime Lagacé . Of all ridiculous things the most ridiculous seems to me, to be busy — to be a man who is brisk about his food and his work-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . The happiness of life is made up of the little charities of a kiss or smile, a kind look, a heartfelt compliment-dd- Samuel Taylor Coleridge . There are two things to aim at in life: first, to get what you want; and after that, to enjoy it-dd- Only the wisest of mankind achieve the second-dd- Logan Pearsall Smith . If you observe a really happy man you will find him building a boat, writing a symphony, educating his son, growing double dahlias in his garden, or looking for dinosaur eggs in the Gobi desert-dd- He will not be searching for happiness as if it were a collar button that has rolled under the radiator-dd- He will not be striving for it as a goal in itself-dd- He will have become aware that he is happy in the course of living life twenty-four crowded hours of the day-dd- W-dd- Beran Wolfe . You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of-dd- You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life-dd- Albert Camus . I think the key to life is just being a happy person, and happiness will bring you success-dd- Diego Val . The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things-dd- Epictetus . But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads-qq- Albert Camus . Find a place where there’s joy, and the joy will burn out the pain-dd- Joseph Campbell . Happiness consists more in conveniences of pleasure that occur everyday than in great pieces of good fortune that happen but seldom-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Give a man health and a course to steer, and he’ll never stop to trouble about whether he’s happy or not-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls-dd- Mother Teresa . Judge nothing, you will be happy-dd- Forgive everything, you will be happier-dd- Love everything, you will be happiest-dd- Sri Chinmoy . The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves-dd- Victor Hugo . Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . It can be scary to love-dd- It can also become your greatest joy-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness-dd- Bertrand Russell . Life is a journey, and if you fall in love with the journey, you will be in love forever-dd- Peter Hagerty . Success is not the key to happiness-dd- Happiness is the key to success-dd- If you love what you are doing, you will be successful-dd- Albert Schweitzer . All happiness or unhappiness solely depends upon the quality of the object to which we are attached by love-dd- Baruch Spinoza . There is no happiness like that of being loved by your fellow creatures, and feeling that your presence is an addition to their comfort-dd- Charlotte Brontë . True happiness comes not from a limited concern for one’s own well-being, or that of those one feels close to, but from developing love and compassion for all sentient beings-dd- Dalai Lama . I think for me, happiness is crucial, but I think we think that happiness comes from amassing goods and getting things and being loved and being successful, when in fact my experience of happiness comes when you give everything away, when you serve people, when you’re watching something you do make somebody happy – that’s when happiness happens-dd- Eve Ensler . Happy people have two things in common-dd- They know exactly what they want and they feel they’re moving toward getting it-dd- That’s what makes life feel good: when it has direction, when you are heading straight for what you love-dd- Barbara Sher . Man’s only true happiness is to live in hope of something to be won by him-dd- Reverence something to be worshipped by him, and love something to be cherished by him, forever-dd- John Ruskin . But what is after all the happiness of mere power-qq- There is a greater happiness possible than to be lord of heaven and earth; that is the happiness of being truly loved-dd- Lafcadio Hearn . Love is a that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own… Jealousy is a disease, love is a healthy condition-dd- The immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Living our life deeply and with happiness, having time to care for our loved ones, this is another kind of success, another kind of power, and it is much more important-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . People happy in love have an air of intensity-dd- Stendhal . Once you do something you love, you never have to work again-dd- Willie Hill . Happiness is only real when shared-dd- Jon Krakauer (Into The Wild) . Count your age by friends, not years-dd- Count your life by smiles, not tears-dd- John Lennon . Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom-dd- Marcel Proust . You’ll have a few happy memories of yourself in solitude but the most emotional and meaningful will be the ones with your family and friends-dd- Maxime Lagacé . You cannot judge what should bring others joy, and others cannot judge what should bring you joy-dd- Alan Cohen . We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give-dd- Winston Churchill . The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up-dd- Mark Twain . Who is the happiest of men-qq- He who values the merits of others, and in their pleasure takes joy, even as though it were his own-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others-dd- Albert Camus . Be happy with what you have-dd- Be excited about what you want-dd- Alan Cohen . The man is happiest who lives from day to day and asks no more, garnering the simple goodness of life-dd- Euripides . I don’t plan-dd- I’m not a planner-dd- I prefer to live in the moment and be free and to flow and to be happy-dd- Naval Ravikant . The more you accumulate stuff, the more complex your life will be, the less freedom you’ll have-dd- Maxime Lagacé . A good way to simplify your life is to ask yourself every morning, “what’s important to me-qq-”-dd- Then, spend most of your time on those things-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I felt once more how simple and frugal a thing is happiness: a glass of wine, a roast chestnut, a wretched little brazier, the sound of the sea-dd- Nothing else-dd- Nikos Kazantzakis (Zorba the Greek) . If only we’d stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time-dd- Edith Wharton . Can anything be so elegant as to have few wants, and to serve them one’s self-qq- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Tranquil pleasures last the longest; we are not fitted to bear the burden of great joys-dd- Christian Nestell Bovee . We tend to forget that happiness doesn’t come as a result of getting something we don’t have, but rather of recognizing and appreciating what we do have-dd- Frederick Keonig . As people spin faster and faster in the pursuit of merely personal happiness, they become exhausted in the futile effort of chasing themselves-dd- Andrew Delbanco . The search for happiness is one of the chief sources of unhappiness-dd- Eric Hoffer . The world is full of people looking for spectacular happiness while they snub contentment-dd- Doug Larson . How simple it is to see that we can only be happy now, and there will never be a time when it is not now-dd- Gerald Jampolsky . My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just enjoy your ice cream while it’s on your plate-dd- Thornton Wilder . Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things-dd- Robert Brault . Happiness always looks small while you hold it in your hands, but let it go, and you learn at once how big and precious it is-dd- Maxim Gorky . Let a joy keep you-dd- Reach out your hands and take it when it runs by-dd- Carl Sandburg . Happiness grows at our own firesides, and is not to be picked in strangers’ gardens-dd- Douglas Jerrold . Precisely the least, the softest, lightest, a lizard’s rustling, a breath, a flash, a moment – a little makes the way of the best happiness-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . We are no longer happy so soon as we wish to be happier-dd- Walter Savage Landor . If you are not happy here and now, you never will be-dd- Taisen Deshimaru . It isn’t what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy-dd- It is what you think about it-dd- Dale Carnegie . The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts-dd- Marcus Aurelius . A man’s as miserable as he thinks he is-dd- Seneca . Most of us are just about as happy as we make up our minds to be-dd- William Adams . Think of what you have rather than of what you lack-dd- Of the things you have, select the best and then reflect how eagerly you would have sought them if you did not have them-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The notion of happiness doesn’t exist in nature, it only exists in your mind-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Your most primal need are to seek comfort and security-dd- Unless you understand how your craving mind works, you’ll never rise above it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . To be content means that you realize you contain what you seek-dd- Alan Cohen . Desire is a contract that you make with yourself to be unhappy until you get what you want-dd- Naval Ravikant . The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Misery is almost always the result of thinking-dd- Joseph Joubert . Joy is not in things; it is in us-dd- Richard Wagner . Laughter is poison to fear-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin . Those who can laugh without cause have either found the true meaning of happiness or have gone stark raving mad-dd- Norm Papernick . We must laugh before we are happy, for fear of dying without having laughed at all-dd- Jean de La Bruyere . With mirth and laughter let old wrinkles come-dd- William Shakespeare . Laugh, dance, smile, stay a little crazy-dd- Life doesn’t always make sense-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I contend that not only can you laugh at adversity, but it is essential to do so if you are to deal with setbacks without defeat-dd- Allen Klein . Laughing brains are more absorbent-dd- Alton Brown . Determine to live life with flair and laughter-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Laughter is eternity if joy is real-dd- Bono . Laugh-dd- Laugh as much as you can-dd- Laugh until you cry-dd- Cry until you laugh-dd- Keep doing it even if people are passing you on the street saying, ‘I can’t tell if that person is laughing or crying, but either way they seem crazy, let’s walk faster-dd-’ Emote-dd- It’s okay-dd- It shows you are thinking and feeling-dd- Ellen Degeneres . Never give up-dd- Laugh a lot-dd- Be good to others-dd- James Dashner . You laugh at me because I’m different, I laugh at you because you’re all the same-dd- Jonathan Davis . If you can laugh, you can get through it-dd- Jami Gertz . Work hard-dd- Laugh when you feel like crying-dd- Keep an open mind, open eyes and an open spirit-dd- Rachael Ray . Laughter is an instant vacation-dd- Milton Berle . You can’t be happy unless you’re unhappy sometimes-dd- Lauren Oliver . I do not miss childhood, but I miss the way I took pleasure in small things, even as greater things crumbled-dd- I could not control the world I was in, could not walk away from things or people or moments that hurt, but I took joy in the things that made me happy-dd- Neil Gaiman . In the end, you should be grateful for your pains-dd- Like trees without wind, humans grow weak without resistance-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Happiness is a constant work-in-progress, because solving problems is a constant work-in-progress – the solutions to today’s problems will lay the foundation for tomorrow’s problems, and so on-dd- True happiness occurs only when you find the problems you enjoy having and enjoy solving-dd- Mark Manson . Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges-dd- Life is too short to be unhappy-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . I’m choosing happiness over suffering, I know I am-dd- I’m making space for the unknown future to fill up my life with yet-to-come surprises-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert (Eat, Pray, Love) . Perfectionism is the enemy of happiness-dd- Embrace being perfectly imperfect-dd- Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier-dd- We make mistakes because we are imperfect-dd- Learn from your mistakes, forgive yourself, and keep moving forward-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . The art of living lies less in eliminating our troubles than growing with them-dd- Bernard M-dd- Baruch . Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness-dd- It is far better to take things as they come along with patience and equanimity-dd- Carl Jung . Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves-dd- Carl Jung . Do what you have always done and you’ll get what you have always got-dd- Sue Knight . You are responsible for your life-dd- You can’t keep blaming somebody else for your dysfunction-dd- Life is really about moving on-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes-dd- Don’t resist them-that only creates sorrow-dd- Let reality be reality-dd- Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like-dd- Lao Tzu . Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent-dd- Billy Graham . Transformation is a process, and as life happens there are tons of ups and downs-dd- It’s a journey of discovery – there are moments on mountaintops and moments in deep valleys of despair-dd- Rick Warren . Happiness and sadness run parallel to each other-dd- When one takes a rest, the other one tends to take up the slack-dd- Hazelmarie Elliott . We are seldom happy with what we now have, but would go to pieces if we lost any part of it-dd- Mignon McLaughlin . Man is fond of counting his troubles, but he does not count his joys-dd- If he counted them up as he ought to, he would see that every lot has enough happiness provided for it-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . One should be either sad or joyful-dd- Contentment is a warm sty for eaters and sleepers-dd- Eugene O’Neill . It’s so hard to forget pain, but it’s even harder to remember sweetness-dd- We have no scar to show for happiness-dd- We learn so little from peace-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . There is only one thing more painful than learning from experience and that is not learning from experience-dd- Archibald McLeish . In order to have great happiness you have to have great pain and unhappiness – otherwise how would you know when you’re happy-qq- Leslie Caron . Joy never feasts so high as when the first course is of misery-dd- John Suckling . You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness-dd- Jonathan Safran Foer . Generally speaking, the most miserable people I know are those who are obsessed with themselves; the happiest people I know are those who lose themselves in the service of others…By and large, I have come to see that if we complain about life, it is because we are thinking only of ourselves-dd- Gordon B-dd- Hinckley . Most people would rather be certain they’re miserable, than risk being happy-dd- Robert Anthony . Nobody really cares if you’re miserable, so you might as well be happy-dd- Cynthia Nelms . The only way to avoid being miserable is not to have enough leisure to wonder whether you are happy or not-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Life is not about how fast you run or how high you climb, but how well you bounce-dd- Vivian Komori . A heart full of joy is better than a hand full of coins-dd- Matshona Dhliwayo . The most valuable thing you can buy to make yourself happy is time-dd- Maxime Lagacé . There are two ways to get enough-dd- One is to continue to accumulate more and more-dd- The other is to desire less-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . It’s pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness-dd- Poverty and wealth have both failed-dd- Frank McKinney Hubbard . He is rich or poor according to what he is, not according to what he has-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . My family didn’t have a lot of money, and I’m grateful for that-dd- Money is the longest route to happiness-dd- Evangeline Lilly . We act as though comfort and luxury were the chief requirements in life, when all we need to make us really happy is something to be enthusiastic about-dd- Charles Kingsley . If you look to others for fulfillment, you will never be fulfilled-dd- If your happiness depends on money, you will never be happy with yourself-dd- Be content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are-dd- When you realize there is nothing lacking, the world belongs to you-dd- Lao Tzu . Money is neither my god nor my devil-dd- It is a form of energy that tends to make us more of who we already are, whether it’s greedy or loving-dd- Dan Millman . Happiness is like the penny candy of our youth: we got a lot more for our money back when we had no money-dd- Mignon McLaughlin . Money doesn’t bring happiness and creativity-dd- Your creativity and happiness brings money-dd- Sam Rosen . Often people attempt to live their lives backwards; they try to have more things, or more money, in order to do more of what they want, so they will be happier-dd- The way it actually works is the reverse-dd- You must first be who you really are, then do what you need to do, in order to have what you want-dd- Margaret Young . The best way for a person to have happy thoughts is to count his blessings and not his cash-dd- . Happiness is a direction, not a place-dd- Sydney J-dd- Harris . Happiness is an inside job-dd- William Arthur Ward . Happiness is a form of courage-dd- Holbrook Jackson . Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed-dd- Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude-dd- Denis Waitley . Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling-dd- Margaret Lee Runbeck . We can’t control the world-dd- We can only (barely) control our own reactions to it-dd- Happiness is largely a choice, not a right or entitlement-dd- David C-dd- Hill . Real happiness is not of temporary enjoyment, but is so interwoven with the future that it blesses for ever-dd- James Lendall Basford . Happiness is distraction from the human tragedy-dd- J-dd-M-dd- Reinoso . We cannot be happy if we expect to live all the time at the highest peak of intensity-dd- Happiness is not a matter of intensity but of balance and order and rhythm and harmony-dd- Thomas Merton . Happiness is a way station between too little and too much-dd- Channing Pollock 9Mr-dd- Moneypenny) . Happiness is usually attributed by adults to children, and by children to adults-dd- Thomas Szasz . Unhappiness is not knowing what we want and killing ourselves to get it-dd- Don Herold . Happiness is a function of accepting what is-dd- Werner Erhard . Happiness is not so much in having as sharing-dd- We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give-dd- Norman MacEwan . Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed-dd- Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude-dd- Denis Waitley . Happiness is the interval between periods of unhappiness-dd- Don Marquis . Happiness is the natural flower of duty-dd- Phillips Brooks . Happiness is not being pained in body or troubled in mind-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Happiness is the resultant of the relative strengths of positive and negative feelings rather than an absolute amount of one or the other-dd- Norman Bradburn . Happiness is your dentist telling you it won’t hurt and then having him catch his hand in the drill-dd- Johnny Carson . Happiness is a conscious choice, not an automatic response-dd- Mildred Barthel . Happiness is holding someone in your arms and knowing you hold the whole world-dd- Orhan Pamuk . Happiness is the consequence of personal effort-dd- You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it-dd- You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings-dd- And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it-dd- You must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert (Eat, Pray, Love) . Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence-dd- Aristotle . Happiness is an accident of nature, a beautiful and flawless aberration-dd- Pat Conroy . Happiness is not having what you want-dd- It is appreciating what you have-dd- . Happiness is that state of consciousness which proceeds from the achievement of one’s values-dd- Ayn Rand . Happiness is the experience of loving life-dd- Being happy is being in love with that momentary experience-dd- And love is looking at someone or even something and seeing the absolute best in him/her or it-dd- Love is happiness with what you see-dd- So love and happiness really are the same thing…just expressed differently-dd- Robert McPhillips . Happiness is always a by-product-dd- It is probably a matter of temperament, and for anything I know it may be glandular-dd- But it is not something that can be demanded from life, and if you are not happy you had better stop worrying about it and see what treasures you can pluck from your own brand of unhappiness-dd- Robertson Davies . Happiness is not an ideal of reason, but of imagination-dd- Immanuel Kant . Happiness is always the serendipitous result of looking for something else-dd- Dr-dd- Idel Dreimer . True happiness is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose-dd- Helen Keller . Happiness is where we find it, but very rarely where we seek it-dd- J-dd- Petit Senn . The secret of happiness is freedom, the secret of freedom is courage-dd- Carrie Jones . The true secret of happiness lies in the taking a genuine interest in all the details of daily life-dd- William Morris . If you ever start taking things too seriously, just remember that we are talking monkeys on an organic spaceship flying through the universe-dd- Joe Rogan . The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, worry about the future, or anticipate troubles, but to live in the present moment wisely and earnestly-dd- Buddha . The secret to happiness is to put the burden of proof on unhappiness-dd- Robert Brault . The secret of happiness is to find a congenial monotony-dd- V-dd-S-dd- Pritchett . The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you-dd- If you do that, you’re in control of your life-dd- If you don’t, life controls you-dd- Tony Robbins . Everything is a gift of the universe – even joy, anger, jealously, frustration, or separateness-dd- Everything is perfect either for our growth or our enjoyment-dd- Ken Keyes Jr . Only one life, that soon is past-dd- Only what’s done with love will last-dd- . You call it madness, but I call it love-dd- Don Byas . When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace-dd- Jimi Hendrix . Where there is love there is life-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Just in case you have forgotten today: You matter-dd- You are loved-dd- You are worthy-dd- You are magical-dd- . I know of no greater happiness than to be with you all the time, without interruption, without end-dd- Franz Kafka . Age does not protect you from love, but love to some extent protects you from age-dd- Jeanne Moreau . Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Love isn’t finding a perfect person-dd- It’s seeing an imperfect person perfectly-dd- Sam Keen . We love because it’s the only true adventure-dd- Nikki Giovanni . To love is to burn, to be on fire-dd- Jane Austen . True love stories never have endings-dd- Richard Bach . Never make someone a priority when all you are to them is an option-dd- Maya Angelou . He is not a lover who does not love forever-dd- Euripides . Him that I love, I wish to be free – even from me-dd- Anne Morrow Lindbergh . In the end we discover that to love and let go can be the same thing-dd- Jack Kornfield . Love must be as much a light as it is a flame-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does-dd- Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up-dd- James Baldwin . I wish I had done everything on Earth with you-dd- The Great Gatsby . It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not-dd- Andre Gide . Each time you love, love as deeply as if it were forever – only, nothing is eternal-dd- Audre Lorde . A loving heart is the truest wisdom-dd- Charles Dickens . Every thing that you love, you will eventually lose, but in the end, love will return in a different form-dd- Franz Kafka . Knowing, understanding and accepting yourself is your first step to everything you want in life-dd- Maxime Lagacé . We must love one another or die-dd- W-dd- H-dd- Auden . Love yourself-dd- Then forget it-dd- Then, love the world-dd- Mary Oliver . Build bridges, not walls-dd- (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Unless you love someone, nothing else makes sense-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . Love is the product of how you respond … Love is showing your partner they’re safe, you’ll catch them if they fall, and you’ll drop everything if they need you-dd- Love is unconditional-dd- Love doesn’t keep score-dd- Shane Parrish . Love is a great master-dd- It teaches us to be what we never were-dd- Moliere . Love is the expansion of two natures in such fashion that each include the other, each is enriched by the other-dd- Felix Adler . Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: that word is love-dd- Sophocles . Kindness in words creates confidence-dd- Kindness in thinking creates profundity-dd- Kindness in giving creates love-dd- Lao Tzu . Love’s greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred-dd- Barbara De Angelis . Love is never lost-dd- If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart-dd- Washington Irving . Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third-dd- Marge Piercy . You never lose by loving-dd- You always lose by holding back-dd- Barbara De Angelis (This is one of my favorite love quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Love all, trust a few-dd- William Shakespeare . Love is a better teacher than duty-dd- Albert Einstein . There is no remedy for love but to love more-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies-dd- Aristotle . You look amazing-dd- I’m so lucky-dd- Prince Harry . Love is often the fruit of marriage-dd- Molière . You make me want to be a better man-dd- Melvin Udall (As Good As It Gets) . It doesn’t matter if the guy is perfect or the girl is perfect, as long as they are perfect for each other-dd- Sean (Good Will Hunting) . The giving of love is an education in itself-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . We must be our own before we can be another’s-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I’m selfish, impatient and a little insecure-dd- I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle-dd- But if you can’t handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don’t deserve me at my best-dd- Marilyn Monroe . The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved-dd- Victor Hugo . The more I think it over, the more I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people-dd- Vincent van Gogh . Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage-dd- Lao Tzu . You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Life is the flower for which love is the honey-dd- Victor Hugo . All you need is love-dd- Paul McCartney . You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth-dd- William W-dd- Purkey . If someone thinks that love and peace is a cliche that must have been left behind in the Sixties, that’s his problem-dd- Love and peace are eternal-dd- John Lennon . Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius-dd- Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius-dd- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart . Love is the greatest refreshment in life-dd- Pablo Picasso . We can only learn to love by loving-dd- Iris Murdoch . If you don’t love yourself who will-qq- Naval Ravikant . Saying no to others is saying yes to yourself-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you care enough, you will find a way-dd- Maxime Lagacé . To love is, first of all, to accept ourselves as we actually are-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . A life lived in love will never be dull-dd- Leo Buscaglia . Attention is the rarest and purest form of generosity-dd- Simone Weil . Love is what makes the ride worthwhile-dd- Franklin P-dd- Jones . The love we give away is the only love we keep-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Tell me whom you love and I will tell you who you are-dd- Houssaye . Givers need to set limits because takers rarely do-dd- Rachel Wolchin . Reason is nothing less than the guardian of love-dd- Sam Harris . Be with someone who is proud to have you-dd- Unknown . No one is you and that is your super power-dd- Unknown . Trust your intuition and be guided by love-dd- Charles Eisenstein . In matters of the heart, nothing is true except the improbable-dd- Madame de Stael . Love does not die easily-dd- It is a living thing-dd- James D-dd- Bryden . Love must be learned, and learned again and again; there is no end to it-dd- Katherine Anne Porter . Where there is great love, there are always miracles-dd- Willa Cather . Whoso loves, believes the impossible-dd- Elizabeth Barrett Browning . You are enough-dd- Unknown . The first duty of love is to listen-dd- Paul Tillich . Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love-dd- Rumi . Those who love deeply never grow old; they may die of old age, but they die young-dd- Sir Arthur Pinero . The more the soul knows, the more she loves, and loving much, she tastes much-dd- W-dd- H-dd- Murray . You know quite well, deep within you, that there is only a single magic, a single power, a single salvation…and that is called loving-dd- Well, then, love your suffering-dd- Do not resist it, do not flee from it-dd- It is your aversion that hurts, nothing else-dd- Hermann Hesse . If you can’t stop thinking about it, it’s a good thing-dd- It means you’re alive-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Some call it passion, motivation, madness, foolishness, intuition, inspiration-dd- Others don’t care at all and just do it because of that small voice inside-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Love cures people – both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it-dd- Karl Menninger . Wake at dawn with a winged heart and give thanks for another day of loving-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Eventually you will come to understand that love heals everything, and love is all there is-dd- Gary Zukav . The minute I heard my first love story – I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was-dd- Lovers don’t finally meet somewhere – they’re in each other all along-dd- Rumi . To love unconditionally requires no contracts, bargains, or agreements-dd- Love exists in the moment-to-moment flux of life-dd- Marion Woodman . Earth’s the right place for love-dd- I don’t know where it’s likely to go better-dd- Robert Frost . I think we dream so we don’t have to be apart so long-dd- If we’re in each others dreams, we can be together all the time-dd- Hobbes . But one of the attributes of love, like art, is to bring harmony and order out of chaos, to introduce meaning and affect where before there was none, to give rhythmic variations, highs and lows to a landscape that was previously flat-dd- Molly Haskell . Every time we love, every time we give, it’s Christmas-dd- Dale Evans . Love does not alter the beloved, it alters itself-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality-dd- This is why right, temporarily defeated, is stronger than evil triumphant-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Patience is the mark of true love-dd- If you truly love someone, you will be more patient with that person-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Close your eyes, take your time and listen-dd- What does your heart says-qq- Maxime Lagacé . This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment-dd- First to let go of life-dd- Finally, to take a step without feet-dd- Rumi . Don’t ask yourself what the world needs, ask yourself what makes you come alive-dd- And then go and do that-dd- Because what the world needs is people who have come alive-dd- Howard Washington Thurman . Love as a power can go anywhere-dd- It isn’t sentimental-dd- It doesn’t have to be pretty, yet it doesn’t deny pain-dd- Sharon Salzberg . There is always something left to love-dd- And if you ain’t learned that, you ain’t learned nothing-dd- Lorraine Hansberry . The demand to be loved is the greatest of all arrogant presumptions-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Love and kindness are never wasted-dd- They always make a difference-dd- They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver-dd- Barbara De Angelis . Flatter me, and I may not believe you-dd- Criticize me, and I may not like you-dd- Ignore me, and I may not forgive you-dd- Encourage me, and I will not forget you-dd- Love me and I may be forced to love you-dd- William Arthur Ward . To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved-dd- George MacDonald . To live in this world you must be able to do three things: to love what is mortal; to hold it against your bones knowing your own life depends on it; and, when the time comes to let it go, to let it go-dd- Mary Oliver . A source of trouble is our unruly minds-dd- We can counter that by developing a warm heart-dd- We need to effect an inner transformation, to understand that love and affection are a real source of joy-dd- Dalai Lama . In a true partnership, the kind worth striving for, the kind worth insisting on, and even, frankly, worth divorcing over, both people try to give as much or even a little more than they get-dd- ‘Deserves’ is not the point-dd- And ‘owes’ is certainly not the point-dd- The point is to make the other person as happy as we can, because their happiness adds to ours-dd- The point is – in the right hands, everything that you give, you get-dd- Amy Bloom . Have you ever been at sea in a dense fog, when it seemed as if a tangible white darkness shut you in and the great ship, tense and anxious, groped her way toward the shore with plummet and sounding-line, and you waited with beating heart for something to happen-qq- Helen Keller . I was like that ship before my education began, only I was without compass or sounding line, and no way of knowing how near the harbor was-dd- Helen Keller . ‘Light-xx- Give me light-xx-’ was the wordless cry of my soul, and the light of love shone on me in that very hour-dd- Helen Keller . The best love affairs are those we never had-dd- Norman Lindsay . A religious awakening which does not awaken the sleeper to love has roused him in vain-dd- Jessamyn West . You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; and just so, you learn to love by loving-dd- All those who think to learn in any other way deceive themselves-dd- Saint Francis de Sales . If I am not worth the wooing, I am surely not worth the winning-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . In reality, in love there is a permanent suffering which joy neutralizes, renders virtual, delays, but which can at any moment become what it would have become long earlier if one had not obtained what one wanted, atrocious-dd- Marcel Proust . Love is the strange bewilderment which overtakes one person on account of another person-dd- James Thurber . Love is a choice you make from moment to moment-dd- Barbara De Angelis . We need not think alike to love alike-dd- David Ferenc . I love you, not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you-dd- Roy Croft . Come live in my heart and pay no rent-dd- Unknown . The first symptom of love in a young man is timidity; in a girl boldness-dd- Victor Hugo . Through you, I realised that life gave me everything-dd- Maxime Lagacé . We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden-dd- Jean Baptiste Henry Lacordaire . Let the lover be disgraceful, crazy, absent-minded-dd- Someone sober will worry about events going badly-dd- Let the lover be-dd- Rumi . Come out of the circle of time-dd- And into the circle of love-dd- Rumi . This sky where we live is no place to lose your wings so love, love, love-dd- Rumi . I want to do things so wild with you that I don’t know how to say them-dd- Anais Nin . Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat-dd- Ben Hecht . The best love is the kind that awakens the soul; that makes us reach for more, that plants the fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds-dd- That’s what I hope to give you forever-dd- Noah from The Notebook . Love is my religion — I could die for that — I could die for you-dd- My creed is love and you are its only tenet-dd- John Keats . I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . To be your friend was all I ever wanted; to be your lover was all I ever dreamed-dd- Valerie Lombardo . I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you-dd- Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more-dd- Angelita Lim . You don’t love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear-dd- Oscar Wilde . There is a madness in loving you, a lack of reason that makes it feel so flawless-dd- Leo Christopher . Loved you yesterday, love you still, always have, always will-dd- Elaine Davis . I look at you and see the rest of my life in front of my eyes-dd- Unknown . I want to be your favorite hello and hardest goodbye-dd- Unknown . I swear I couldn’t love you more than I do right now, and yet I know I will tomorrow-dd- Leo Christopher . Thinking of you keeps me awake-dd- Dreaming of you keeps me asleep-dd- Being with you keeps me alive-dd- Unknown . In real love you want the other person’s good-dd- In romantic love you want the other person-dd- Margaret Anderson . If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you-dd- A-dd- A-dd- Milne (Winnie The Pooh) . Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much a heart can hold-dd- Zelda Fitzgerald . Love is sharing your popcorn-dd- Charles Schultz . Love is being stupid together-dd- Paul Valery . If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question-qq- Lily Tomlin . Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love-dd- Albert Einstein . How on earth are you ever going to explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love-qq- Albert Einstein . Love is like pi – natural, irrational, and very important-dd- Lisa Hoffman . To be in love is merely to be in a state of perceptual anesthesia – to mistake an ordinary young man for a Greek god or an ordinary young woman for a goddess-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . Love sometimes wants to do us a great favor: hold us upside down and shake all the nonsense out-dd- Hafiz of Persia . By all means marry-dd- If you get a good wife, you’ll be happy-dd- If you get a bad one, you’ll become a philosopher-dd- Socrates . My wife gets all the money I make-dd- I just get an apple and clean clothes every morning-dd- Ray Romano . Honesty is the key to a relationship-dd- If you can fake that, you’re in-dd- Richard Jeni . Love involves a peculiar unfathomable combination of understanding and misunderstanding-dd- Diane Arbus . Every day I fall more in love with you-dd- Except on those days where you really piss me off-dd- Unknown . I love you more than coffee – but please don’t make me prove it-dd- Unknown . Romance is the icing, but love is the cake-dd- Unknown . There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments-dd- Chris Rock . When you’re in love, it’s the most glorious two-and-a-half days of your life-dd- Richard Lewis . I love being married-dd- It’s so great to find one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life-dd- Unknown . Love is like a fart – if you have to force it it’s probably crap-dd- Unknown . You’re just like bacon – you make everything better-dd- Unknown . A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous-dd- Ingrid Bergman . Love: a temporary insanity, curable by marriage-dd- Ambrose Bierce . What the world really needs is more love and less paperwork-dd- Pearl Bailey . Do you love me because I’m beautiful, or am I beautiful because you love me-qq- Oscar Hammerstein, II . Love is the answer, but while you are waiting for the answer sex raises some pretty good questions-dd- Woody Allen . There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved-dd- George Sand . The good life is inspired by love and guided by knowledge-dd- Bertrand Russell . The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for-dd- Allan K-dd- Chalmers . The more you create, the more you’re alive, the happier you are-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Have you ever been so focused that you forgot time-qq- That’s what you should do more of-dd- Maxime Lagacé . When all your desires are distilled, you will cast just two votes: To love more, and be happy-dd- Hafiz of Persia . The cure for all ills and wrongs, the cares, the sorrows and the crimes of humanity, all lie in the one word ‘love-dd-’ It is the divine vitality that everywhere produces and restores life-dd- Lydia Maria Child . Love life and life will love you back-dd- Love people and they will love you back-dd- Arthur Rubinstein . Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed-dd- Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude-dd- Denis Waitley . I truly feel that there are as many ways of loving as there are people in the world and as there are days in the life of those people-dd- Mary S-dd- Calderone . Life is meaningless only if we allow it to be-dd- Each of us has the power to give life meaning, to make our time and our bodies and our words into instruments of love and hope-dd- Tom Head . The world is too dangerous for anything but truth and too small for anything but love-dd- William Sloane Coffin . Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives-dd- C-dd- S-dd- Lewis . Life is a quest and love a quarrel-dd- Edna St-dd- Vincent Millay . If you have love in your life it can make up for a great many things you lack-dd- If you don’t have it, no matter what else there is, it’s not enough-dd- Ann Landers . Only connect-xx- That was the whole of her sermon-dd- Only connect the prose and the passion, and both will be exalted, and human love will be seen at its height-dd- Live in fragments no longer-dd- E-dd- M-dd- Forster . Love is anterior to life, posterior to death, initial of creation, and the Exponent of earth-dd- Emily Dickinson . In everyone’s life, at some time, our inner fire goes out-dd- It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being-dd- We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Once we recognize what it is we are feeling, once we recognize we can feel deeply, love deeply, can feel joy, then we will demand that all parts of our lives produce that kind of joy-dd- Audre Lorde . The love of our neighbor in all its fullness simply means being able to say, ‘What are you going through-qq-’ Simone Weil . The little unremembered acts of kindness and love are the best parts of a person’s life-dd- William Wordsworth . Love is a condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own-dd- Robert Heinlein . A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you-dd- Elbert Hubbard . This is my beloved and this is my friend-dd- Song of Solomon . It is in deep solitude that I find the gentleness with which I can truly love my brothers-dd- The more solitary I am the more affection I have for them-dd- Solitude and silence teach me to love my brothers for what they are, not for what they say-dd- Thomas Merton . True friendships ask for nothing in return that’s why I call them the perfect love-dd- Maxime Lagacé . It has never been about the quantity, but more about the quality-dd- Real friends care and they show it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Friendship is the finest balm for the pangs of despised love-dd- Jane Austen . Tell me who admires and loves you-dd- And I will tell you who you are-dd- Charles Augustin Sainte-Beuve . The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as a human being-dd- His heart withers if it does not answer another heart-dd- His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love-dd- Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing-dd- Elie Wiesel . You like to respect and admire someone whom you love, but actually, you love even more the people who require understanding and who make mistakes and have to grow with their mistakes-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Being heard is so close to being loved that for the average person they are almost indistinguishable-dd- David Augsburger . All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand-dd- Ella Wheeler Wilcox . We all need friends with whom we can speak of our deepest concerns, and who do not fear to speak the truth in love to us-dd- Margaret Guenther . Friendship is mutual blackmail elevated to the level of love-dd- Robin Morgan . There is hardly a more gracious gift that we can offer somebody than to accept them fully, to love them almost despite themselves-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . We don’t need sugar, flour or rice or anything else-dd- We just want to see our dear ones-dd- Hafiz of Persia . To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance-dd- Oscar Wilde . She remembered who she was and the game changed-dd- Lalah Deliah . It can take a long time to know yourself, your fears and your desires, but once you’ll do, magic will happen-dd- Maxime Lagacé . You are the only one in the world with those traits and those experiences-dd- Accept them totally because that weirdness is what the world actually need-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The greatest single cause of a poor self image is the absence of unconditional love-dd- Zig Ziglar . Eliminate the need to be liked-dd- Replace it with the intention to be of service, whether to others, something you believe in, or your highest self-dd- Neil Strauss . I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Perhaps the biggest mistake I made in the past was that I believed love was about finding the right person-dd- In reality, love is about becoming the right person-dd- Don’t look for the person you want to spend your life with-dd- Become the person you want to spend your life with-dd- Neil Strauss . The nice thing about self-love is that it’s hardly ever unrequited-dd- Solomon Short . On reflection, one of the things I needed to learn was to allow myself to be loved-dd- Isha McKenzie-Mavinga . I love people-dd- I love my family, my children… but inside myself is a place where I live all alone and that’s where you renew your springs that never dry up-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Comparison is an act of violence against the self-dd- Iyanla Vanzant . If you aren’t good at loving yourself, you will have a difficult time loving anyone, since you’ll resent the time and energy you give another person that you aren’t even giving to yourself-dd- Barbara De Angelis . Love measures our stature: the more we love, the bigger we are-dd- There is no smaller package in all the world than that of a man all wrapped up in himself-dd- William Sloane Coffin . Self love is not selfish; you cannot truly love another until you know how to love yourself-dd- Unknown . And one day she discovered that she was fierce, and strong, and full of fire, and that not even she could hold herself back because her passion burned brighter than her fears-dd- Mark Anthony . As we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same-dd- Marianne Williamson . Friendship with one’s self is all important, because without it one can not be friends with anyone else in the world-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . When you undervalue what you do, the world will undervalue who you are-dd- Unknown . The ultimate lesson all of us have to learn is unconditional love, which includes not only others but ourselves as well-dd- Elizabeth Kubler-Ross . We may want to love other people without holding back, to feel authentic, to breathe in the beauty around us, to dance and sing-dd- Yet each day we listen to inner voices that keep our life small-dd- Tara Brach . Self-care is never a selfish act — it is simply good stewardship of the only gift I have, the gift I was put on earth to offer to others-dd- Parker Palmer . Until you value yourself, you won’t value your time-dd- Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . You are imperfect, you are wired for struggle, but you are worthy of love and belonging-dd- Brené Brown . Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love-dd- Brené Brown . Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world-dd- Judy Collins . Let the beauty of what you love be what you do-dd- Rumi . Only true love can fuel the hard work that awaits you-dd- Tom Freston . Love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well-dd- Vincent van Gogh . Create something that only you can do-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you truly love your work, you’ll do whatever it takes to master it-dd- If you master it, you’ll change the world-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Just don’t give up trying to do what you really want to do-dd- Where there’s love and inspiration, I don’t think you can go wrong-dd- Ella Fitzgerald . Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence-dd- Henry David Thoreau . From where we are there is always a path toward love-dd- What takes discipline is continually choosing that path-dd- Jesse Pender . I work very hard, and I play very hard-dd- I’m grateful for life-dd- And I live it – I believe life loves the lover of it-dd- I live it-dd- Maya Angelou . Work without love is slavery-dd- Mother Teresa . There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony-dd- There is time for work-dd- And time for love-dd- That leaves no other time-dd- Coco Chanel . Work like you don’t need the money-dd- Love like you’ve never been hurt-dd- Dance like nobody’s watching-dd- Satchel Paige . Success is no accident-dd- It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do-dd- Pele . Where there is love, there is pain-dd- Spanish proverb . I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love-dd- Mother Teresa . If you risk love, you risk sadness and frustration-dd- But who says life was all about having fun all the time-qq- Maxime Lagacé . Perhaps you’ll fail-dd- Perhaps it will hurt-dd- Perhaps you’ll be depressed-dd- But it will be worth it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Have you ever been in love-qq- Horrible isn’t it-qq- It makes you so vulnerable-dd- It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up-dd- Neil Gaiman . Love is only half the illusion; the lover, but not his love, is deceived-dd- George Santayana . Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other-dd- Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then-dd- Katharine Hepburn . You give them a piece of you-dd- They don’t ask for it-dd- They do something dumb one day like kiss you, or smile at you, and then your life isn’t your own anymore-dd- Love takes hostages-dd- It gets inside you-dd- It eats you out and leaves you crying in the darkness, so a simple phrase like ‘maybe we should just be friends’ or ‘how very perceptive’ turns into a glass splinter working its way into your heart-dd- It hurts-dd- Not just in the imagination-dd- Not just in the mind-dd- It’s a soul-hurt, a body-hurt, a real gets-inside-you-and-rips-you-apart pain-dd- I hate love-dd- Neil Gaiman . Years of love have been forgot, in the hatred of a minute-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present-dd- Barbara De Angelis . Hatred is increased by being reciprocated, and can on the other hand be destroyed by love-dd- Hatred which is completely vanquished by love, passes into love; and love is thereupon greater, than if hatred had not preceded it-dd- Baruch Spinoza . Where love rules, there is no will to power; and where power predominates, there love is lacking-dd- The one is the shadow of the other-dd- Carl Jung . One does not love a place the less for having suffered in it unless it has all been suffering, nothing but suffering-dd- Jane Austen . Indifference is the strongest force in the universe-dd- It makes everything it touches meaningless-dd- Love and hate don’t stand a chance against it-dd- Joan D-dd- Vinge . Love never dies a natural death-dd- It dies because we don’t know how to replenish its source-dd- It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals-dd- It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings-dd- Anais Nin . The face of a lover is an unknown, precisely because it is invested with so much of oneself-dd- It is a mystery, containing, like all mysteries, the possibility of torment-dd- James Baldwin . To be loved for what one is, is the greatest exception-dd- The great majority love in others only what they lend him, their own selves, their version of him-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it-dd- Mark Twain . Forgiveness is not an occasional act, it is a constant attitude-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Resentment is like drinking poison and then hoping it will kill your enemies-dd- Nelson Mandela . Learn the lesson and move on-dd- Holding a grudge is like playing with fire: you’ll burn yourself eventually-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The first person you should forgive is yourself-dd- Give yourself a break and remember that from moment to moment, you’re simply doing your best-dd- Maxime Lagacé . We are told that people stay in love because of chemistry, or because they remain intrigued with each other, because of many kindnesses, because of luck-dd- But part of it has got to be forgiveness and gratefulness-dd- Ellen Goodman . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The degree of loving is measured by the degree of giving-dd- Edwin Louis Cole . The sage said, ‘The best thing is not to hate anyone, only to love-dd- That is the only way out of it-dd- As soon as you have forgiven those whom you hate, you have gotten rid of them-dd- Then you have no reason to hate them; you just forget-dd- Hazrat Inayat Khan . Experience is how life catches up with us and teaches us to love and forgive each other-dd- Judy Collins . A life lived without forgiveness is a life lived in the past-dd- Asa Don Brown . A happy marriage is the union of two good forgivers-dd- Robert Quillen . To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you-dd- Louis B-dd- Smedes . The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward-dd- Steve Maraboli . He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love-dd- There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us-dd- When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Forgiveness is an act of the will, and the will can function regardless of the temperature of the heart-dd- Corrie ten Boom . Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit-dd- Peter Ustinov . Always forgive your enemies – nothing annoys them so much-dd- Oscar Wilde . One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory-dd- Rita Mae Brown . To err is human, to forgive, divine-dd- Alexander Pope . Love is the only gold-dd- Alfred Lord Tennyson . Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition-dd- Alexander Smith . Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself-dd- Andre Breton . Love is boundary-less-dd- Angel Haze . True love is knowing a person’s faults, and loving them even more for them-dd- Unknown . Love is friendship that has caught fire-dd- It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving-dd- It is loyalty through good and bad times-dd- It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses-dd- Ann Landers . Love is like any other luxury-dd- You have no right to it unless you can afford it-dd- Anthony Trollope . Love is the most terrible, and also the most generous of the passions; it is the only one which includes in its dreams the happiness of someone else-dd- Alphonse Karr . Love is simply the name for the desire and the pursuit of the whole-dd- Aristophanes . Love is the beauty of the soul-dd- Augustine of Hippo . This day, I vow to myself to love myself, to treat myself as someone I love truly and deeply – in my thoughts, my actions, the choices I make, the experiences I have, each moment I am conscious, I make the decision “I love myself”-dd- Kamal Ravikant . I don’t think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains-dd- Anne Frank . I’ve never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful-dd- Unknown . Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it-dd- Confucius . The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them-dd- David Hume . You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed-dd- And you are beautiful-dd- Amy Bloom . Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself-dd- Coco Chanel . You may be one person to the world but you may also be the world to one person-dd- Audrey Hepburn . The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it-dd- Richard Bach . It’s just a bad day-dd- Not a bad life-dd- . Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads-dd- Anatole France . Whenever you are creating beauty around you, you are restoring your own soul-dd- Alice Walker . This is a wonderful day, I have never seen this one before-dd- Maya Angelou . There is no perfection, only beautiful versions of brokenness-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Nothing makes a woman more beautiful than the belief that she is beautiful-dd- Sophia Loren . There is a road from the eye to the heart that does not go through the intellect-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . Love of beauty is taste-dd- The creation of beauty is art-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing-dd- Mother Teresa . Whereas the beautiful is limited, the sublime is limitless, so that the mind in the presence of the sublime, attempting to imagine what it cannot, has pain in the failure but pleasure in contemplating the immensity of the attempt-dd- Immanuel Kant . When was the last time you just closed your eyes and just listened-qq- Maxime Lagacé . It’s lovely to know that the world can’t interfere with the inside of your head-dd- Frank McCourt . Childhood means simplicity-dd- Look at the world with the child’s eye – it is very beautiful-dd- Kailash Satyarthi . Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts-dd- Charles Dickens . Beauty is strangely various-dd- There is the beauty of light and joy and strength exulting; but there is also the beauty of shade, of sorrow and sadness, and of humility oppressed-dd- Arnold Bennett . Your happy ending may not be what you expect, but that is what will make it so special-dd- Snow White (Once Upon a Time) . Outer beauty is a gift-dd- Inner beauty is an accomplishment-dd- Randi G-dd- Fine . We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars-dd- Oscar Wilde . Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future-dd- Oscar Wilde . The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone-dd- Johann von Goethe . A morning-glory at my window satisfies me more than the metaphysics of books-dd- Walt Whitman . Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Kindness is like snow – It beautifies everything it covers-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Kindness makes you the most beautiful person in the world, no matter what you look like-dd- Unknown . Beauty is a nectar which intoxicates the soul-dd- T-dd-C-dd- Henley . Nobody is superior, nobody is inferior, but nobody is equal either-dd- People are simply unique, incomparable-dd- You are you-dd- I am I-dd- Osho . I don’t like standard beauty – there is no beauty without strangeness-dd- Karl Lagerfeld (Chanel) . To be beautiful means to be yourself-dd- You don’t need to be accepted by others-dd- You need to accept yourself-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Beauty is the promise of happiness-dd- Stendhal . Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes-dd- It is not something physical-dd- Sophia Loren . Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . Beauty is visible music-dd- T-dd-C-dd- Henley . Beauty is man’s voucher of immorality-dd- T-dd-C-dd- Henley . Ever tried-dd- Ever failed-dd- No matter-dd- Try Again-dd- Fail again-dd- Fail better-dd- Samuel Beckett . How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world-dd- Anne Frank . There is no torture that a woman would not endure to enhance her beauty-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Dwell on the beauty of life-dd- Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror-dd- Kahlil Gibran . When you have only two pennies left in the world, buy a loaf of bread with one, and a lily with the other-dd- Chinese proverb . Beauty is in the eye of the beholder-dd- Greek proverb . All little girls should be told they are pretty, even if they aren’t-dd- Marilyn Monroe . When you do something noble and beautiful and nobody noticed, do not be sad-dd- For the sun every morning is a beautiful spectacle and yet most of the audience still sleeps-dd- John Lennon . Beauty-qq- To me it is a word without sense because I do not know where its meaning comes from nor where it leads to-dd- Pablo Picasso . I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their good intellects-dd- Oscar Wilde . The ideals which have always shone before me and filled me with joy are goodness, beauty, and truth-dd- Albert Einstein . The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious – the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science-dd- Albert Einstein . Our task must be to free ourselves… by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and it’s beauty-dd- Albert Einstein . The most beautiful make-up of a woman is passion-dd- But cosmetics are easier to buy-dd- Yves Saint Laurent . Don’t let them say you ain’t beautiful-dd- They can all get fucked, just stay true to you-dd- Eminem . There is no exquisite beauty without some strangeness in the proportion-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . The best and most beautiful things in life cannot be seen, not touched, but are felt in the heart-dd- Helen Keller . Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow-dd- Helen Keller . A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous-dd- Coco Chanel . The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . How lucky am I to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard-dd- Winnie The Pooh . A flower blossoms for its own joy-dd- Oscar Wilde . Individually, we are one drop-dd- Together, we are an ocean-dd- Ryunosuke Satoro . Beauty is a delightful prejudice-dd- Theocritus . A thing of beauty is a joy forever-dd- John Keats . Poetry moves heaven and earth-dd- Japanese proverb . Butterflies come to pretty flowers-dd- Korean proverb . Beauty awakens the soul to act-dd- Dante Alighieri . Beautiful things don’t ask for attention-dd- Unknown . It’s okay not to be okay-dd- Unknown . There is beauty in simplicity-dd- Unknown . Be-you-tiful-dd- Unknown . Find yourself and be that-dd- Unknown . Close your eyes and see the beauty-dd- Unknown . The beautiful is always bizarre-dd- Charles Baudelaire . Different is beautiful-dd- Dare to be different-dd- Unknown . Be your own kind of beautiful-dd- Unknown . Look around you-dd- Appreciate what you have-dd- Nothing will be the same in a year-dd- Unknown . Sometimes there is such beauty in awkwardness-dd- Ruta Sepetys . Madame, beauty is always queen, and the whole world her empire-dd- Joseph II . Beauty and folly are sisters-dd- German proverb . Beauty and folly are generally companions-dd- Baltasar Gracián . Beauty always promises, but never gives anything-dd- Simone Weil . Because you are alive, everything is possible-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If you see something beautiful in someone, speak it-dd- Ruthie Lindsey . You are good enough, smart enough, beautiful enough, strong enough-dd- @LollyDaskal . You are loved-dd- You are wonderfully made-dd- You are beautiful-dd- You have purpose-dd- You are a masterpiece-dd- Unknown . Over the centuries, people have placed a wall around mastery-dd- They have called it genius and have thought of it as inaccessible…But that wall is imaginary-dd- This is the real secret: the brain that we possess…was designed to lead us to mastery-dd- Robert Greene . Everything that is made beautiful and fair and lovely is made for the eye of one who sees-dd- Rumi . Live your life each day as you would climb a mountain-dd- An occasional glance towards the summit keeps the goal in mind, but many beautiful scenes are to be observed from each new vantage point-dd- Harold B-dd- Melchart . The appearance of things changes according to the emotions; and thus we see magic and beauty in them, while the magic and beauty are really in ourselves-dd- Kahlil Gibran . When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it-dd- Paulo Coelho . Small minds can’t comprehend big spirits-dd- To be great, you have to be willing to be mocked, hated, and misunderstood-dd- Unknown . Look up at the stars and not down at your feet-dd- Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist-dd- Be curious-dd- Stephen Hawking . Be strong, be fearless, be beautiful-dd- And believe that anything is possible when you have the right people there to support you-dd- Misty Copeland . You never look at anything beautiful and holy, or think a pure and noble thought, without being ever after a larger soul-dd- Frederick Lynch . Start over; my darling-dd- Be brave enough to find the life you want and courageous enough to chase it-dd- Then start over and love yourself the way you were always meant to-dd- Madalyn Beck . Yes: I am a dreamer-dd- For a dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world-dd- Oscar Wilde . Someday everything will make perfect sense-dd- So, for now, laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears, and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason-dd- Unknown . Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do-dd- Oprah Winfrey . In every man’s heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty-dd- Christopher Morley . If you feel beautiful, then you are-dd- Even if you don’t, you still are-dd- Terri Guillemets . This sky where we live is no place to lose your wings-dd- So love, love, love-dd- Hafez . I have learned that every heart will get what is prays for most-dd- Hafez . It’s never too late for a new beginning in your life-dd- Joyce Meyers . There are no bad pictures; that’s just how your face looks sometimes-dd- Abraham Lincoln . It is better to be beautiful than good, but it is better to be good than ugly-dd- Oscar Wilde . It’s a good thing that beauty is only skin deep, or I’d be rotten to the core-dd- Phyllis Diller . Remember that the most beautiful things in the world are the most useless; peacocks and lilies for instance-dd- John Ruskin . Summer afternoon — summer afternoon; to me those have always been the two most beautiful words in the English language-dd- Henry James . We try to achieve beauty by covering up all traces of age and end up looking like we tried to achieve youth by covering up all traces of beauty-dd- Robert Brault . That’s always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people want to be around someone because they’re pretty-dd- It’s like picking your breakfeast cereals based on color instead of taste-dd- John Green . I’m tired of all this nonsense about beauty being only skin-deep-dd- That’s deep enough-dd- What do you want — an adorable pancreas-qq- Jean Kerr . Beauty doesn’t have to be about anything-dd- What’s a vase about-qq- What’s a sunset or a flower about-qq- What, for that matter, is Mozart’s Twenty-third Piano Concerto about-qq- Douglas Adams . Beauty, to me, is about being comfortable in your own skin-dd- That, or a kick-ass red lipstick-dd- Gwyneth Paltrow . You say freak, I say unique-dd- Christian Baloga . The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth-dd- Lao Tzu . In the end, we’ll all become stories-dd- Margaret Atwood . A beautiful soul has no other merit than its own existence-dd- Friedrich von Schiller . Instinct is a marvelous thing-dd- It can neither be explained nor ignored-dd- Agatha Christie . Light will someday split you open, even if your life is now a cage-dd- Little by little you will turn into stars-dd- Hafez . You use a glass mirror to see your face: you use works of art to see your soul-dd- George Bernard Shaw . What humbugs we are, who pretend to live for Beauty, and never see the Dawn-xx- Logan Pearsall Smith . When you say ‘Black is beautiful’ you are saying, ‘Man you are okay as you are, begin to look upon yourself as a human being-dd- Steven Biko . Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time-dd- Albert Camus . Beauty unites all things, links together flower and star, with chains more certain than those of reason-dd- The poet, the artist, thus finds the clue which guides them in their pilgrimage throughout the world-dd- Henry James Slack . Girls aren’t beautiful, they’re pretty-dd- Beautiful is too heavy a word to assign to a girl-dd- Women are beautiful because their faces show that they know, they have lost something and picked up something else-dd- Henry Rollins . Everything passes away – suffering, pain, blood, hunger, pestilence-dd- The sword will pass away too, but the stars will remain when the shadows of our presence and our deeds have vanished from the Earth-dd- There is no man who does not know that-dd- Why, then, will we not turn our eyes toward the stars-qq- Why-qq- Mikhail Bulgakov . Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . How terrible this darkness was, how bewildering, and yet mysteriously beautiful-xx- Stefan Zweig . It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness-dd- Leo Tolstoy . If a man cannot understand the beauty of life, it is probably because life never understood the beauty in him-dd- Criss Jami . You’re like a gray sky-dd- You’re beautiful, even though you don’t want to be-dd- Jasmine Warga . We need beauty because it makes us ache to be worthy of it-dd- Mary Oliver . A woman who cannot be ugly is not beautiful-dd- Karl Kraus . Beauty deprived of its proper foils and adjuncts ceases to be enjoyed as beauty, just as light deprived of all shadows ceases to be enjoyed as light-dd- John Ruskin . Tell them dear, that if eyes were made for seeing, then beauty is its own excuse for being-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Our hearts are drunk with a beauty our eyes could never see-dd- George W-dd- Russell . Plainness has its peculiar temptations quite as much as beauty-dd- George Eliot . What delights us in visible beauty is the invisible-dd- Marie Dubsky . One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful-dd- Sigmund Freud . The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express-dd- Francis Bacon . All the diversity, all the charm, and all the beauty of life are made up of light and shade-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Do not beautify your appearance, but be beautiful in your way of life-dd- Thales of Miletus . Pure design appeals to the eye just as absolute music appeals to the ear-dd- Denman Waldo Ross . Sometimes people are beautiful-dd- Not in looks-dd- Not in what they say-dd- Just in what they are-dd- Markus Zusak . The criterion of true beauty is that it increases on examination; of false, that it lessens-dd- Fulke Greville . When I am working on a problem I never think about beauty-dd- I only think about how to solve the problem-dd- But when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong-dd- Buckminster Fuller . When people see some things as beautiful, other things become ugly-dd- When people see some things as good, other things become bad-dd- Lao Tzu . For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Beauty is no quality in things themselves: It exists merely in the mind which contemplates them; and each mind perceives a different beauty-dd- David Hume . I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of beauty-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Don’t cry over the past, it’s gone-dd- Don’t stress about the future, it hasn’t arrived-dd- Live in the present and make it beautiful-dd- Unknown . Why do we close our eyes when we pray, cry, kiss or dream-qq- Because the most beautiful things in life are not seen but felt by the heart-dd- Unknown . Faith makes all things possible-dd- Hope makes all things work-dd- Love makes all things beautiful-dd- May you have all three-dd- Unknown . If you foolishly ignore beauty, then you will soon find yourself without it-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . Beauty intoxicates the eyes, as wine does the body; both are morally fatal if indulged-dd- John Godfrey Saxe . That which is striking and beautiful is not always good, but that which is good is always beautiful-dd- Ninon de L’Enclos . Beauty without grace is a hook without a bait-dd- Ninon de l’Enclos . We are here to awaken from our illusion of separateness-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . But he who dares not grasp the thorn-dd- Should never crave the rose-dd- Anne Brontë . No man is a failure who is enjoying life-dd- William Feather . Happy girls are the prettiest-dd- Audrey Hepburn . The longer I live, the more beautiful life becomes-dd- Frank Lloyd Wrigh . Like a child be happy for no reason-dd- Unknown . Blessed are they who see beautiful things in humble places where other people see nothing-dd- Camille Pissarro . When you leave a beautiful place, you carry it with you wherever you go-dd- Alexandra Stoddard . You find peace not by rearranging the circumstances of your life, but by realizing who you are at the deepest level-dd- Eckart Tolle . Life ain’t always beautiful, but it’s a beautiful ride-dd- Gary Allan . Live quietly in the moment and see the beauty of all before you-dd- The future will take care of itself-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . Waking up this morning, I smile-dd- Twenty-four brand new hours are before me-dd- I vow to live fully in each moment and to look at all beings with eyes of compassion-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . For lack of attention a thousand forms of loveliness elude us every day-dd- Evelyn Underhill . Taking joy in living is a woman’s best cosmetic-dd- Rosalind Russell . People are like stained-glass windows-dd- They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within-dd- Elisabeth Kubler-Ross . There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness-dd- Lady Blessington . Happiness is what makes you pretty-dd- Period-dd- Happy people are beautiful-dd- They become like a mirror and they reflect that happiness-dd- Drew Barrymore . A man should hear a little music, read a little poetry, and see a fine picture every day of his life, in order that worldly cares may not obliterate the sense of the beautiful which God has implanted in the human soul-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The power of finding beauty in the humblest things makes home happy and life lovely-dd- Louisa May Alcott . You were given life; it is your duty (and also your entitlement as a human being) to find something beautiful within life, no matter how slight-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . The world is merciless, and it’s also very beautiful-dd- Hajime Isayama . A lonely day is God’s way of saying that he wants to spend some quality time with you-dd- Criss Jami . Beauty and health are the chief sources of happiness-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . When life is sweet, say thank you and celebrate-dd- When life is bitter, say thank you and grow-dd- Shauna Niquist . Detachment is not that you should own nothing but that nothing should own you-dd- Unknown . Because, little dreamer, there is more truth in imagination than there is in “real life”-dd- Erin Van Vuren . To lose balance sometimes for love is part of living a balanced life-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert (Eat, Pray, Love) . At some point, you gotta let go, and sit still, and allow contentment to come to you-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert (Eat, Pray, Love) . Death must be so beautiful-dd- To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one’s head, and listen to silence-dd- To have no yesterday, and no tomorrow-dd- To forget time, to forgive life, to be at peace-dd- Oscar Wilde . Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy-dd- Anne Frank . Behind every beautiful thing, there’s been some kind of pain-dd- Bob Dylan . To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance-dd- Oscar Wilde . It is beautiful to express love and even more beautiful to feel it-dd- Dejan Stojanovic . Beauty is ordained by nature to excite love-dd- Vicesimus Knox . In true love, you attain freedom-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Beauty is when you can appreciate yourself-dd- When you love yourself, that’s when you’re most beautiful-dd- Zoe Kravitz . Beauty has so many forms, and I think the most beautiful thing is confidence and loving yourself-dd- Kiesza . The most precious gift we can offer others is our presence-dd- When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . There is nothing more beautiful than seeing a person being themselves-dd- Imagine going through your day being unapologetically you-dd- Steve Maraboli . The heart is a thousand-stringed instrument that can only be tuned with love-dd- Hafez . What one heart can do for another heart-dd- Is there any beauty in the world that can match this-qq- Hafez . I will always lean my heart as close to your soul as I can-dd- Hafez . Do I love you because you’re beautiful, or are you beautiful because I love you-qq- Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II . If love is blind, then maybe a blind person that loves has a greater understanding of it-dd- Criss Jami . I do not ask how the wounded person feels-dd- I myself become the wounded-dd- Walt Whitman . I love her, and that’s the beginning and end of everything-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . Out beyond the ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing, there is a field-dd- I’ll meet you there-dd- Rumi . I don’t care how hard being together is, nothing is worse than being apart-dd- Josephine Angelini . You don’t love someone for their looks, or their clothes or for their fancy car but because they sing a song only you can hear-dd- Oscar Wilde . I loved you like a man loves a woman he never touches, only writes to, keeps little photographs of-dd- Charles Bukowski . Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get – only with what you are expecting to give – which is everything-dd- Katharine Hepburn . Beauty is about being comfortable in your own skin-dd- It’s about knowing and accepting who you are-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . And if you are to love, love as the moon loves; it does not steal the night – it only unveils the beauty of the dark-dd- Isra Al-Thibeh . This is a good sign, having a broken heart-dd- It means we have tried for something-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert (Eat, Pray, Love) . But my body was like a harp and her words and gestures were like fingers running upon the wires-dd- James Joyce . Be the love you never received-dd- Rune Lazuli . When you fall for someone, everything they do becomes beautiful-dd- Unknown . Things are beautiful if you love them-dd- Jean Anouilh . Your smile brightens the lives of all who see it-dd- Dale Carnegie . Just one smile immensely increases the beauty of the universe-dd- Sri Chinmoy . A beautiful smile without any reason is the smile of the existence-dd- Mehmet Murat ildan . To me there is no picture so beautiful as smiling, bright-eyed, happy children; no music so sweet as their clear and ringing laughter-dd- P-dd- T-dd- Barnum . A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside-dd- Denis Waitley . Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Look at flowers, butterflies, trees, and children with the eyes of compassion-dd- Compassion will change your life and make it wonderful-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . A smile remains the most inexpensive gift I can bestow on anyone and yet its powers can vanquish kingdoms-dd- Og Mandino . Smile carry your magical fragrance and vibrations which sooth the surroundings where you go-dd- Kishore Bansal . Just sharing one little smile can change someone’s whole world-dd- Heather Wolf . Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you-dd- Les Brown . One smile in the morning can change your mood for the entire day-dd- One hug in the evening can usher you into cheerful night dreams you will never regret-dd- Israelmore Ayivor . Your smile brightens the lives of all who see it-dd- To someone who has seen a dozen people frown, scowl or turn their faces away, your smile is like the sun breaking through the clouds-dd- Dale Carnegie . The most beautiful smile is the one for someone who isn’t there, who just popped on your mind-dd- Ahlam Mosteghanemi . Beauty is power; a smile is its sword-dd- John Ray . The best blessing that you can give is your beautiful smile-dd- Debasish Mridha . Her smile is the simplest miracle that she can create anytime-dd- Tara Estacaan . One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Count your age by friends, not years-dd- Count your life by smiles, not tears-dd- John Lennon . No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another-dd- Charles Dickens . No one has ever become poor by giving-dd- Anne Frank . There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up-dd- John Holmes . You have not lived today until you have done something for someone who can never repay you-dd- John Bunyan . Strong people don’t put others down… They lift them up-dd- Michael P-dd- Watson . When you’re up in life, your friends get to know who you are-dd- When you’re down in life, you get to know who your friends are-dd- Unknown . To make a difference in someone’s life you don’t have to be rich, beautiful, or perfect-dd- You just have to care-dd- Mandy Hale . True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable-dd- David Tyson Gentry . Good works is giving to the poor and the helpless, but divine works is showing them their worth to the one who matters-dd- Criss Jami . Appreciation is an excellent thing-dd- It makes what is excellent in others belong to us, as well-dd- Voltaire . You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you-dd- Dale Carnegie . The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart-dd- Elizabeth Foley . How beautiful is it to find someone who asks for nothing but your company-dd- Unknown . The words that enlighten the soul are more precious than jewels-dd- Hazrat Inayat Khan . Talk with people who make you see the world differently-dd- Unknown . When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed-dd- Maya Angelou . If you have much, give of your wealth; if you have little, give of your heart-dd- Arabian proverb . The poetry of earth is never dead-dd- John Keats . The fall of a leaf is a whisper to the living-dd- Russian proverb . The earth has its music for those who will listen-dd- George Santanaya . Nothing is more beautiful than the loveliness of the woods before sunrise-dd- George Washington Carver . If we surrendered to earth’s intelligence we could rise up rooted, like trees-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower-dd- Albert Camus . The day I see a leaf is a marvel of a day-dd- Kenneth Patton . Not just beautiful, though – the stars are like the trees in the forest, alive and breathing-dd- And they’re watching me-dd- Haruki Murakami . Do not dissect a rainbow-dd- In other words, do not destroy a beautiful phenomenon by overanalyzing it-dd- Denise LaFrance . It is a wholesome and necessary thing for us to turn again to the earth and in the contemplation of her beauties to know of wonder and humility-dd- Rachel Carson . Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Raise your words, not voice-dd- It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder-dd- Unknown . Flowers… are a proud assertion that a ray of beauty outvalues all the utilities of the world-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Despite all I have seen and experienced, I still get the same simple thrill out of glimpsing a tiny patch of snow in a high mountain gully and feel the same urge to climb toward it-dd- Edmund Hillary . There’s just something beautiful about walking in snow that nobody else has walked on-dd- It makes you believe you’re special-dd- Carol Rifka Brunt . The first fall of snow is not only an event, it is a magical event-dd- You go to bed in one kind of a world and wake up in another quite different, and if this is not enchantment then where is it to be found-qq- J-dd- B-dd- Priestley . The snow is sparkling like a million little suns-dd- Lama Willa . The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself-dd- Henry Miller . Part 1-dd- Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where Nature may heal and cheer and give strength to body and soul alike-dd- John Muir . Part 2-dd- This natural beauty-hunger is made manifest in the little window-sill gardens of the poor, though perhaps only a geranium slip in a broken cup, as well as in the carefully tended rose and lily gardens of the rich, the thousands of spacious city parks and botanical gardens, and in our magnificent National parks – the Yellowstone, Yosemite, Sequoia, etc-dd- . Part 3-dd- Nature’s sublime wonderlands, the admiration and joy of the world-dd- John Muir . Snow provokes responses that reach right back to childhood-dd- Andy Goldsworthy . We have to walk in a way that we only print peace and serenity on the Earth-dd- Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . The Earth would die if the sun stopped kissing her-dd- Hafez . I could never in a hundred summers get tired of this-dd- Susan Branch . Smell the sea and feel the sky-dd- Let your soul and spirit fly-dd- Van Morrison . A daughter is one of the most beautiful gifts this world has to give-dd- Laurel Atherton . Mother’s love is peace-dd- It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved-dd- Eric Fromm . God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers-dd- Rudyard Kipling . Motherhood: All love begins and ends there-dd- Robert Browning . The love of a family is life’s greatest blessings-dd- Unknown . Children show me in their playful smiles the divine in everyone-dd- Michael Jackson . The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s life-dd- Richard Bach . A happy family is but an earlier heaven-dd- George Bernard Shaw . The family is one of nature’s masterpieces-dd- George Santayana . The informality of family life is a blessed condition that allows us all to become our best while looking our worst-dd- Marge Kennedy . Youth is happy because it has the capacity to see beauty-dd- Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old-dd- Franz Kafka . Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of little children-dd- William Makepeace Thackeray . Rejoice with your family in the beautiful land of life-dd- Albert Einstein . A child’s first teacher is its mother-dd- Peng Liyuan . If evolution really works, how come mothers only have two hands-qq- Milton Berle . A mother’s arms are made of tenderness and children sleep soundly in them-dd- Victor Hugo . As we grow old, the beauty steals inward-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . People are more than just the way they look-dd- Madeleine L’Engle . What you do, the way you think, makes you beautiful-dd- Scott Westerfeld . Take care of your inner, spiritual beauty-dd- That will reflect in your face-dd- Dolores Del Rio . Judge nothing by the appearance-dd- The more beautiful the serpent, the more fatal its sting-dd- William Scott Downey . There is certainly no absolute standard of beauty-dd- That precisely is what makes its pursuit so interesting-dd- John Kenneth Galbraith . You can take no credit for beauty at sixteen-dd- But if you are beautiful at sixty, it will be your soul’s own doing-dd- Marie Stopes . The ultimate power in life is to be completely self-reliant, completely yourself-dd- Robert Greene . No matter how plain a woman may be, if truth and honesty are written across her face, she will be beautiful-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . No better cosmetics than a severe temperance and purity, modesty and humility, a gracious temper and calmness of spirit; no true beauty without the signature of these graces in the very countenance-dd- John Ray . I believe empathy is the most essential quality of civilization-dd- Roger Ebert . She was beautiful, but not like those girls in the magazines-dd- She was beautiful, for the way she thought-dd- She was beautiful, for the sparkle in her eyes when she talked about something she loved-dd- She was beautiful, for her ability to make other people smile, even if she was sad-dd- No, she wasn’t beautiful for something as temporary as her looks-dd- She was beautiful, deep down to her soul-dd- She is beautiful-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . Consider a tree for a moment-dd- As beautiful as trees are to look at, we don’t see what goes on underground – as they grow roots-dd- Trees must develop deep roots in order to grow strong and produce their beauty-dd- But we don’t see the roots-dd- We just see and enjoy the beauty-dd- In much the same way, what goes on inside of us is like the roots of a tree-dd- Joyce Meyer . A beautiful woman delights the eye; a wise woman, the understanding; a pure one, the soul-dd- Minna Antrim . It is beauty that begins to please, and tenderness that completes the charm-dd- Bernard Le Bovier . An ugly personality destroys a beautiful face-dd- Unknown . Inner beauty, too, needs occasionally to be told it is beautiful-dd- Robert Brault . Outer beauty attracts, but inner beauty captivates-dd- Kate Angell . That which does not kill us makes us stronger-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Beauty is being the best possible version of yourself, inside and out-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Real beauty is to be true to oneself-dd- Laetitia Casta . The eyes are the windows of the soul-dd- Thomas Phaer . A pure heart is superlatively rare and even more attractive-dd- J-dd-S-dd-B-dd- Morse . Understand: You should be radiating confidence, not arrogance or disdain-dd- Robert Greene . Beauty is a radiance that originates from within and comes from inner security and strong character-dd- Jane Seymour . The most beautiful thing you can wear is confidence-dd- Blake Lively . Sex appeal is fifty percent what you’ve got and fifty percent what people think you’ve got-dd- Sophia Loren . The pain passes, but the beauty remains-dd- Pierre Auguste Renoir . The most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of those depths-dd- Elisabeth Kubler-Ross . The voice of beauty speaks softly; it creeps only into the most fully awakened souls-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection-dd- To me, that is the true essence of beauty-dd- Steve Maraboli . I wish I could show you when you are lonely or in darkness the astonishing light of your own being-dd- Hafez . Ruin is a gift-dd- Ruin is the road to transformation-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert (Eat, Pray, Love) . Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . If you feel lost, disappointed, hesitant, or weak, return to yourself, to who you are, here and now and when you get there, you will discover yourself, like a lotus flower in full bloom, even in a muddy pond, beautiful and strong-dd- Masaru Emoto . The one law that does not change is that everything changes, and the hardship I was bearing today was only a breath away from the pleasures I would have tomorrow, and those pleasures would be all the richer because of the memories of this I was enduring-dd- Louis L’Amour . There is nothing that makes its way more directly to the soul than beauty-dd- Joseph Addison . Some beautiful paths can’t be discovered without getting lost-dd- Erol Ozan . Follow your inner moonlight; don’t hide the madness-dd- Allen Ginsberg . Beauty is the illumination of your soul-dd- John O’Donohue . An individual human existence should be like a river: small at first, narrowly contained within its banks, and rushing passionately past rocks and over waterfalls-dd- Gradually, the river grows wider, the banks recede, the waters flow more quietly, and in the end, without any visible break, they become merged in the sea, and painlessly lose their individual being-dd- Bertrand Russell . A beautiful thing is never perfect-dd- Egyptian proverb . Positivity always wins…Always-dd- Gary Vaynerchuk . Keep looking up… that’s the secret of life-dd- Charlie Brown . The first step is you have to say that you can-dd- Will Smith . Once you choose hope, anything’s possible-dd- Christopher Reeve . You can, you should, and if you’re brave enough to start, you will-dd- Stephen King . The best way to predict the future is to create it-dd- Abraham Lincoln . The best is yet to be-dd- Robert Browning . We can change our lives-dd- We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish-dd- Tony Robbins . A problem is a chance for you to do your best-dd- Duke Ellington . The most important thing is to look ahead-dd- The past is your anchor-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Miracles happen to those who believe in them-dd- Bernhard Berenson . With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Victory is in having done your best-dd- If you’ve done your best, you’ve won-dd- Billy Bowerman . Wherever you are, and whatever you do, be in love-dd- Rumi . Believe deep down in your heart that you’re destined to do great things-dd- Joe Paterno . In the end, everything will be okay-dd- If it’s not okay, it’s not yet the end-dd- Fernando Sabino . Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans-dd- It is lovely to be silly at the right moment-dd- Horace . One small positive thought can change your whole day-dd- Zig Ziglar . Joy is not in things; it is in us-dd- Richard Wagner . One person can make a difference, and everyone should try-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . How high you fly is derived from how big you think-dd- Robin Sharma . Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference-dd- Winston Churchill . Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines-dd- Robert Schuller . Optimism is a happiness magnet-dd- If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you-dd- Mary Lou Retton . Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . Live as if your prayers are to be answered-dd- Unknown . Positive anything is better than negative nothing-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Be the light in the dark, be the calm in the storm and be at peace while at war-dd- Mike Dolan . I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders-dd- Jewish proverb . Arise, awake and stop not till the goal is reached-dd- Swami Vivekananda . There are far, far better things ahead than anything we leave behind-dd- C-dd- S-dd- Lewis . Life has no limitations, except the ones you make-dd- Les Brown . Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all-dd- Dale Carnegie . The less you respond to negative people, the more positive your life will become-dd- Paulo Coelho . We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey-dd- Kenji Miyazawa . Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above them-dd- Washington Irving . I have decided to be happy, because it’s good for my health-dd- Voltaire . Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown (This is one of my favorite positive quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Change your thoughts and you change your world-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud-dd- Maya Angelou . Choose to be optimistic, it feels better-dd- Dalai Lama . Even though you’re fed up, you gotta keep your head up-dd- Tupac Shakur . Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing-dd- Abraham Lincoln . That which doesn’t kill us makes us stronger-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation-dd- Michael Jordan . I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life-dd- And that is why I succeed-dd- Michael Jordan . It makes a big difference in your life when you stay positive-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . I am thankful to all who said no to me-dd- It is because of them that I’m doing it myself-dd- Albert Einstein . The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible-dd- Winston Churchill . The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity-dd- The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty-dd- Winston Churchill . Dwell on the beauty of life-dd- Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them-dd- Marcus Aurelius . It doesn’t matter how slow you go, as long as you don’t stop-dd- Confucius . Never let your head hang down-dd- Never give up and sit down and grieve-dd- Find another way-dd- And don’t pray when it rains if you don’t pray when the sun shines-dd- Richard M-dd- Nixon . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . If you don’t like something change it-dd- If you can’t change it, change your attitude about it-dd- Don’t complain-dd- Maya Angelou . Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact-dd- William James . If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door-dd- Milton Berle . Our greatest weakness lies in giving up-dd- The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time-dd- Thomas Edison . There is a sense that things, if you keep positive and optimistic about what can be done, do work out-dd- Hillary Clinton . Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement-dd- Nothing can be done without hope or confidence-dd- Helen Keller . We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars-dd- Oscar Wilde . Remember: Every champion was once a contender that refused to give up-dd- Rocky Balboa . Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more-dd- Oprah Winfrey . I will go anywhere as long as it’s forward-dd- David Livingston . Positive thoughts lead to positive results-dd- Maria V-dd- Snyder . Create explosive confidence-dd- Robin Sharma . Everyday is a second chance-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Walk slowly but never walk backward-dd- Unknown . On the other side of the clouds is a bright blue sky-dd- Unknown . Keep a smile on your face-dd- Keep a spring in your step-dd- Joel Osteen . Stay positive; stay hopeful-dd- Joel Osteen . Turn every life situation into a positive one-dd- Rhonda Byrne . There is always something to be grateful for-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Miracles are born of conviction-dd- Marianne Williamson . Cheerfulness is the very flower of health-dd- . Light tomorrow with today-dd- Elizabeth Barrett Browning . Clear your mind of “cant”-dd- Samuel Johnson . Conviction is much more powerful than “positive thinking”-dd- The Stoic Emperor . The most important thing is to stay positive-dd- Saku Koivu . One thing at a time-dd- Most important thing first-dd- Start now-dd- Caroline Webb . If you tell yourself you feel fine, you will-dd- Jodi Picoult . Keep calm and keep learning-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . I am not a product of my circumstances-dd- I am a product of my decisions-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . We are limited, but we can push back the borders of our limitations-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . If you want it and expect it, it will be yours very soon-dd- Esther Hicks . There isn’t anything that I cannot be or do or have-dd- Abraham Hicks . The beginning is the most important part of any work-dd- Plato . Stay positive-dd- Forgive others-dd- Invest in yourself-dd- Trust your instincts-dd- Lead with an open heart-dd- Don’t let others ruin your day-dd- Do things that bring you joy-dd- Be of service to humanity-dd- Find your soul tribe-dd- Love yourself-dd- Lewis Howes . It took me quite a long time to develop a voice, and now that I have it, I am not going to be silent-dd- Madeleine Albright . First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do-dd- Epictetus . Few things in the world are more powerful than a positive push-dd- A smile-dd- A world of optimism and hope-dd- A ‘you can do it’ when things are tough-dd- Richard M-dd- DeVos . Being relaxed, at peace with yourself, confident, emotionally neutral loose, and free-floating – these are the keys to successful performance in almost everything-dd- Wayne Dyer . Everywhere you go, make positive deposits rather than negative withdrawals-dd- You can be a people builder-dd- Joel Osteen . Feed your inner person encouraging things that build you up and cause you to be positive, hopeful and, inspired-dd- Joel Osteen . A little progress each day adds up to big results-dd- Unknown . Sometimes the bad things that happen in our lives put us directly on the path to the best things that will ever happen to us-dd- Unknown . Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions-dd- Small people always do that, but the really great makes you feel that you, too, can become great-dd- Mark Twain . You have the power to be excellent-dd- To inspire everyone who intersects your path-dd- To innovate and make things better than ever before-dd- To wow customers-dd- And to stand for the best-dd- Will you-qq- Robin Sharma . We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . This very day can be the first day of your new life-dd- Robin Sharma . The most beautiful people I’ve known are those who have known trials, have known struggles, have known loss, and have found their way out of the depths-dd- Elisabeth Kübler-Ross . You’re stronger than you know-dd- You’re braver than you’ve been told-dd- You’re greater than you’ll ever imagine-dd- Robin Sharma . Positive thinking is empowering, positive action is achieving-dd- Dr T-dd-P-dd-Chia-dd- . The road to success is always under construction-dd- Lily Tomlin . Let’s make positivity louder-dd- Gary Vaynerchuk . Fall seven times, stand up eight-dd- Japanese proverb . All you really need is love, but a little chocolate now and then doesn’t hurt-dd- Charlie Brown . Learn from yesterday, live for today, look to tomorrow, rest this afternoon-dd- Charlie Brown . There is no angry way to say bubbles-dd- Unknown . Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting-dd- Christopher Morley . If you can’t be positive, at least stay quiet-dd- Joel Osteen . Spring is nature’s way of saying, ‘Let’s party-xx-’-dd- Robin Williams . Let peace be your middle name-dd- Ntathu Allen . A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort-dd- Herm Albright . You can’t stop the waves, but you can learn how to surf-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug-dd- Patricia Neal . People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day-dd- A-dd-A-dd- Milne (Winnie The Pooh) . The great majority of men are bundles of beginnings-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . You are joy, looking for a way to express-dd- Esther Hicks . The energy of the mind is the essence of life-dd- Aristotle . Of the 35000 decisions you make each day, how many are positive-qq- Negative-qq- Fear based-qq- Love based-qq- Maxime Lagacé . You reap fruit from the same kind of seed you’ve been sowing-dd- You can’t talk negative and expect to live positive-dd- Joel Osteen . Positive thoughts are not enough-dd- There have to be positive feelings and positive actions-dd- Kamari aka Lyrikal . Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . You cannot tailor-make the situations in life but you can tailor-make the attitudes to fit those situations-dd- Zig Ziglar . Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out-dd- John Wooden . Your positivity can become a castle around you which will protect you from the arrow of negativity-dd- Gurudev Shree Chitrabhanu . Your happiness can not be taken by the others if it is not given by the others-dd- Osho . Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one-dd- Bruce Lee . It only ends once-dd- Anything that happens before that is just progress-dd- Jacob (Lost) . When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it-dd- Henry Ford . There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . The harder the struggle, the more glorious the triumph-dd- Self-realization demands very great struggle-dd- Swami Sivananda . For a tree to become tall it must grow tough roots among the rocks-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do-dd- John Wooden . All bad things, like good things, must end-dd- Nihar Sharma . One joy scatters a hundred griefs-dd- Chinese proverb . One may go a long way after one is tired-dd- French proverb . Be happy-dd- It’s one way of being wise-dd- Colette . Sometimes the best thing you can do is not think, not wonder, not imagine, not obsess-dd- Just breathe, and have faith that everything will work out for the best-dd- Unknown . Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in-dd- Andrew Jackson . If you are positive, you’ll see opportunities instead of obstacles-dd- Widad Akrawi . Never let anyone to tell you that you need to be positive all the time; you are not a robot-dd- Paulo Coelho . Optimism is the most important human trait, because it allows us to evolve our ideas, to improve our situation, and to hope for a better tomorrow-dd- Seth Godin . Accept the fact that all events occur for a reason, and that it is within your capacity to see this reason as positive-dd- Robert Greene . The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials-dd- Chinese proverb . Better to be an optimist who gets disappointed than a pessimist who has no hope-dd- Robin Sharma . Faith is having a positive attitude about what you can do and not worrying at all about what you can’t do-dd- Joyce Meyer . I do not try to dance better than anyone else-dd- I only try to dance better than myself-dd- Arianna Huffington . Stay positive, all other choices are pointless punishments to your psyche-dd- Joe Peterson . No matter what the situation, remind yourself “I have a choice”-dd- Deepak Chopra . Positive thinking must be followed by positive doing-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Delete the negative; accentuate the positive-dd- Donna Karan . I will heighten my life by helping others heighten theirs-dd- Les Brown . Prepare to win the night before-dd- Robin Sharma . Life is tough, my darling, but so are you-dd- Stephanie Bennett-Henry . I am learning to trust the journey even when I do not understand it-dd- Mila Bron . Never stop doing your best just because someone doesn’t give you credit-dd- Unknown . A big part of being a well-adjusted person is accepting that you can’t be good at everything-dd- Kelly Williams Brown . He is richest who is content with the least, for contentment is the wealth of nature-dd- Socrates . Hold on to your dreams of a better life and stay committed to striving to realize it-dd- Earl G-dd- Graves Sr . You’ll have true happiness, true fulfillment, when you live to give, not live to get-dd- Joel Osteen . I really do believe I have everything I need to live a victorious life-dd- I don’t always feel like it or act like it, but I believe it-dd- Joyce Meyer . Positive thinking and visualizing my success were my keys to doing well-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . The most successful people in life are the ones who ask questions-dd- They’re always learning-dd- They’re always growing-dd- They’re always pushing-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Life is not accumulation, it’s about contribution-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him-dd- David Brinkley . I feel on top of the world, I feel incredible, I feel motivated, I feel empowered-dd- I am the master of my own destiny-dd- Maria Menounos . Talk health, happiness, and prosperity to every person you meet-dd- Christian D-dd- Larson . Work hard, stay positive, and get up early-dd- It’s the best part of the day-dd- George Allen . We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible-dd- Vince Lombardi . Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out-dd- Robert Collier . It will work if you forget all the reasons it will not-dd- Paulo Coelho . Expect problems and eat them for breakfast-dd- Alfred A-dd- Montapert . Happiness is anyone and anything that’s loved by you-dd- Charlie Brown . Why should I be unhappy-qq- Every parcel of my being is in full bloom-dd- Rumi . The cleverest of all, in my opinion, is the man who calls himself a fool at least once a month-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . The key to success is not through achievement, but through enthusiasm-dd- Malcolm Forbes . Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city-dd- George Burns . As you proceed through life, following your own path, birds will shit on you-dd- Don’t bother to brush it off-dd- Getting a comedic view of your situation gives you spiritual distance-dd- Having a sense of humor saves you-dd- Joseph Campbell . Happiness does not depend on your circumstances-dd- It’s a choice that you make-dd- Joel Osteen . Be generous with your compliments and stingy with your complaints-dd- Withhold the negative; express the positive-dd- Joel Osteen . Gratitude brings you more deeply into the present moment-dd- Eckhart Tolle . A good laugh overcomes more difficulties and dissipates more dark clouds than any other one thing-dd- Laura Ingalls Wilder . The best ideas come as jokes-dd- Make your thinking as funny as possible-dd- David Ogilvy . Do more things that make you forget to check your phone-dd- Unknown (See also: simplicity quotes) . You will never have this day again so make it count-dd- Unknown . Plan a day that makes you jump out of bed in the morning-dd- Unknown . The secret to happiness is letting every situation be what it is instead of what you think it should be-dd- Unknown . Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . When you think and say “I can”, confidence and happiness will fill your entire being-dd- Remez Sasson . Frame your mind to mirth and merriment which bars a thousand harms and lengthens life-dd- William Shakespeare . Passion pushes you to learn more, create more and to create better-dd- Best of all, it’s contagious-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . The way you start your day determines how well you live your day-dd- Robin Sharma . Hope is having a positive attitude about everything that happens in life no matter what it is-dd- Joyce Meyer . Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want-dd- Jim Rohn . From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Count your blessings, not your problems-dd- Zig Ziglar . Become the most positive and enthusiastic person you know-dd- Zig Ziglar . Be the attitude you want to be around-dd- Tim DeTellis . Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier-dd- Colin Powell . Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power-dd- William James . A positive mind finds opportunity in everything-dd- A negative mind finds fault in everything-dd- Unknown . Be gentle with yourself, you’re doing the best you can-dd- Unknown . You’re allowed to scream, you’re allowed to cry, but do not give up-dd- Unknown . Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything-dd- Unknown . You must master a new way to think before you can master a new way to be-dd- Marianne Williamson . It’s not what happens to us but our response to what happens to us that hurts us-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Attitudes are contagious-dd- Are yours worth catching-qq- Dennis and Wendy Mannering . Optimism refuses to believe that the road ends without options-dd- Robert H-dd- Schuller . You can’t live a positive life thinking negative thoughts-dd- If it’s not positive, productive or faith-filled, don’t dwell on it-dd- Joel Osteen . Positive people have made up their mind to enjoy life-dd- They focus on the possibility—not the problem-dd- Joel Osteen . Being positive means that you will have fewer negative emotions, and even if a negative emotion arises you will be positive about it too by allowing the negative emotion to be rather than trying to push it away-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Positive thinking won’t let you do anything,but it will let you do everything better than negative thinking will-dd- Zig Ziglar . Practice being positive and exceptional so much that you just can’t be negative and average ever again-dd- Robin Sharma . A positive attitude gives you power over your circumstances instead of your circumstances having power over you-dd- Joyce Meyer . Stay positive in every situation and everything you do, never stop trying, have faith don’t stop due to failure-dd- Anurag Prakash Ray . Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking-dd- Marcus Aurelius . As we become more and more positive and more and more joyful, by our powerful example we uplift all of those around us-dd- Rhonda Byrne . The more positive thoughts you entertain, the happier you will become-dd- Rhonda Byrne . If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one-dd- Dolly Parton . Your thinking creates your world-dd- Robin Sharma . Love is a friendship set to music-dd- Joseph Campbell . The art of love is largely the art of persistence-dd- Albert Ellis . The moment we begin to seek love, love begins to seek us-dd- And to save us-dd- Paul Coelho . Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for ’tis better to be alone than in bad company-dd- George Washington . Love in its essence is spiritual fire-dd- Seneca . Love is a master key which opens the gate of happiness-dd- Oliver Wedell Holmes . Surround yourself with positive people that lift, motivate and inspire you-dd- Joel Osteen . You cannot hang out with negative people and expect to live a positive life-dd- Joel Osteen . Don’t brood-dd- Get on with living and loving-dd- You don’t have forever-dd- Leo Buscaglia . The positive force of love can create anything good, increase the good things, and change anything negative in your life-dd- Rhonda Byrne . The greatest gift you can ever give another person is your own happiness-dd- Esther Hicks . Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward-dd- If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . And in the end, the love you take, is equal to the love you make-dd- Paul Mccartney . I swear I couldn’t love you more than I do right now, and yet I know I will tomorrow-dd- Leo Christopher . Positive thinking is the key which unlocks the doors of the world-dd- Samuel McChord Crothers . The positive energy and love we give to others, heals our own wounds-dd- Angie karan . Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love-dd- Mother Teresa . The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . Be weird-dd- Be random-dd- Be who you are-dd- Because you never know who would love the person you hide-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet-dd- Plato . You create your own universe as you go along-dd- Winston Churchill . Imagination is everything-dd- It is the preview of life’s coming attractions-dd- Albert Einstein . What a wonderful thought it is that some of the best days of our lives haven’t happened yet-dd- Anne Frank . The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire-dd- Ferdinand Foch . The real battle is taking place in your mind-dd- What you are dwelling on, that’s what you’re attracting-dd- Have a positive mindset-dd- Joel Osteen . The energy that you put out comes back to you-dd- Eckhart Tolle . When we are positive in our outlook and orientation, we tend to attract positive people and positive events and circumstances-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Every single second is an opportunity to change your life, because in any moment you can change the way you feel-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Hope is a positive expectation that something good is going to happen-dd- Joyce Meyer . No matter how small you start, always dream big-dd- Stephen Richards . Don’t just “hope” for a positive breakthrough; absolutely know it’s on the way-dd- Marianne Williamson . Imagine the most outrageously positive possibility for your life, claim it and consider it done-dd- Marianne Williamson . Whatever the mind can conceive it can achieve-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . When you are joyful, when you say yes to life and have fun and project positivity all around you, you become a sun in the center of every constellation, and people want to be near you-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Think the thought until you believe it, and once you believe it, it is-dd- Abraham Hicks . To bring anything into your life, imagine that it’s already there-dd- Richard Bach . The entire universe is a great theatre of mirrors-dd- Alice Bailey . Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Affirm the positive, visualize the positive and expect the positive, and your life will change accordingly-dd-Remez Sasson . I believe in Karma-dd- If the good is sown, the good is collected-dd- When positive things are made, that returns well-dd- Yannick Noah . Always believe that something wonderful is about to happen-dd- Sukhraj S-dd- Dhillon . Have great hopes and dare to go all out for them-dd- Have great dreams and dare to live them-dd- Have tremendous expectations and believe in them-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . There’s a direct correlation between positive energy and positive results-dd- Joe Rogan . To attract positive energy in your life, be positive in thoughts and action-dd- Anil Sinha . Genius is the ability to receive from the universe-dd- I Ching . If you can dream it, you can do it-dd- Walt Disney . Defeat is simply a signal to press onward-dd- Helen Keller . If there is no struggle, there is no progress-dd- Frederick Douglass . You never know how strong you are, until being strong is your only choice-dd- Bob Marley . Strength does not come from winning-dd- Your struggles develop your strengths-dd- When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . You don’t have to be positive all the time-dd- It’s perfectly okay to feel sad, angry, annoyed, frustrated, scared, or anxious-dd- Having feelings doesn’t make you a ‘negative person’-dd- It makes you human-dd- Lori Deschesne . If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought-dd- Peace Pilgrim . To expect defeat is nine-tenths of defeat itself-dd- Francis Crawford . Uncertainty is where things happen-dd- It is where the opportunities — for success, for happiness, for really living — are waiting-dd- Oliver Burkeman . Every negative situation contains the possibility for something positive, an opportunity-dd- It is how you look at it that matters-dd- Robert Greene . Something beautiful can happen to people when their world falls apart: humility, nobility and wisdom emerge just when our knees hit the floor-dd- Marianne Williamson . Anyone can hide-dd- Facing up to things, working through them, that’s what makes you strong-dd- Sarah Dessen . Beautiful things happen when you distance yourself from negativity-dd- Unknown . Sometimes things have to go very wrong before they can be right-dd- Unknown . Relax, breathe, and roll with it-dd- Unknown . Your past mistakes are meant to guide you not define you-dd- Unknown . Be strong because things will get better-dd- It may be stormy now but it never rains forever-dd- Evan Carmichael . Optimism is joyful searching; pessimism is a prison of fear and a clutching at illusionary safety-dd- Kathleen A-dd- Brehony . There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm-dd- Willa Cather . Dwelling on the negative simply contributes to its power-dd- Shirley MacLaine . To find happiness, quit focusing on what’s wrong with you and start focusing on what’s right with you-dd- Joel Osteen . When you fill your life with positive thoughts and feelings, you’ll find that guilt, resentment, and any negative feelings will leave you-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear-dd- If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . It is said that the darkest hour of the night comes just before the dawn-dd- Thomas Fuller . The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves-dd- Sophocles . Negativity is cannibalistic-dd- The more you feed it, the bigger and stronger it grows-dd- Bobby Darnell . Do not consider painful what is good for you-dd- Euripides . Find a place inside where there’s joy, and the joy will burn out the pain-dd- Joseph Campbell . Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work-dd- Aristotle . All happiness depends on courage and work-dd- Honoré de Balzac . The harder you work, the luckier you get-dd- Mike Adenuga . People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do-dd- Steve Jobs . All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination-dd- Earl Nightingale . Your smile is your logo, your personality is your business card, how you leave others feeling after having an experience with you becomes your trademark-dd- Jay Danzie . To build a successful business, you must start small and dream big-dd- In the journey of entrepreneurship, tenacity of purpose is supreme-dd- Aliko Dangote . Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises-dd- Demosthenes . Work banishes those three great evils, boredom, vice, and poverty-dd- Voltaire . Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction-dd- Anne Frank . A positive attitude will have positive results because attitudes are contagious-dd- Zig Ziglar . A diamond is a chunk of coal that did well under pressure-dd- Unknown . How hard you work matters more than how much you make-dd- Michelle Obama . The more you drive positive change, the more enhanced your business model-dd- Anand Mahindra . When you are inspired in your work, everything seems to fall into place-dd- Wayne Dyer . Our work is the presentation of our capabilities-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . You’ve achieved success in your field when you don’t know whether what you’re doing is work or play-dd- Warren Beatty . Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love-dd- David McCullough . We get what we want when we stay focused and do the work-dd- Barbara Lucas . An attitude of positive expectation is the mark of the superior personality-dd- Brian Tracy . A man succeeds in completing a work only when his qualities transcend that work-dd- Cesare Pavese . There is virtue in work and there is virtue in rest-dd- Use both and overlook neither-dd- Alan Cohen . Nothing worthwhile comes easily-dd- Work, continuous work and hard work, is the only way to accomplish results that last-dd- Hamilton Holt . Remember, work, well done, does good to the man who does it-dd- It makes him a better man-dd- George S-dd- Clason . If you love your work, if you enjoy it, you’re already a success-dd- Jack Canfield . You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Work hard at work worth doing-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . You reach a point where you don’t work for money-dd- Walt Disney . Change is inevitable-dd- Growth is optional-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Today’s a great day to change a life-dd- Starting with yours-dd- Robin Sharma . Change is hard at first, messy in the middle and gorgeous at the end-dd- Robin Sharma . The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Change is a part of life-dd- Sometimes it’s positive, and other times less so-dd- But regardless of what form it comes in, you have a choice: you can either ride the wave of change, or let it crash upon you as you struggle to remain afloat-dd- Tony Robbins . You cannot change reality, but you can control the manner in which you look at things-dd- Your attitude is under your own control-dd- Weed out the negative and focus on the positive-dd- Helen Steiner Rice . We are responsible for what we are, and whatever we wish ourselves to be, we have the power to make ourselves-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Instead of hating, I have chosen to forgive and spend all of my positive energy on changing the world-dd- Camryn Manheim . We cannot become what we want to be by remaining what we are-dd- Max DePree . It only takes one person to change your life: You-dd- Ruth Casey . Every great change is preceded by chaos-dd- Deepak Chopra . Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future-dd- Walt Disney . The measure of intelligence is the ability to change-dd- Albert Einstein . One child, one teacher, one pen, and one book can change the world-dd- Malala Yousafzai . I truly believe the intention of creating positive change is so important to the collective consciousness-dd- When you have a group of people that have the intention and the capacity, talent, and intelligence to actualize those intentions, then you have something really powerful-dd- Jimmy Chin . Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change-dd- Jim Rohn . The world is more malleable than you think and it’s waiting for you to hammer it into shape-dd- Bono . Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . You are one decision away from a totally different life-dd- Mark Batterson . Why fit in when you were born to stand out-qq- Dr-dd- Seuss . Kid, you’ll move mountains-xx- Today is your day-xx- Your mountain is waiting, so get on your way-xx- Dr-dd- Seuss . Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations-dd- Zig Ziglar . If you fell down yesterday, stand up today-dd- H-dd-G-dd- Wells . We all can dance when we find music we love-dd- Giles Andreae . Do what you can, with what you have, where you are-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think-dd- A-dd-A-dd- Milne (Winnie The Pooh) . When you have a positive mindset, you can’t be defeated-dd- No matter what comes your way, shake it off and move forward-dd- Joel Osteen . Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind-dd- Be led by the dreams in your heart-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Don’t let what you can’t do stop you from doing what you can do-dd- John Wooden . It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters-dd- Epictetus . The dreamers are the saviors of the world-dd- James Allen . No one saves us but ourselves-dd- No one can and no one may-dd- We ourselves must walk the path-dd- Buddha . While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Inside of a ring or out, ain’t nothing wrong with going down-dd- It’s staying down that’s wrong-dd- Muhammad Ali . Surround yourself with positive people and situations, and avoid negativity-dd- Doreen Virtue . Build upon strengths, and weaknesses will gradually take care of themselves-dd- Joyce C-dd- Lock . If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges-dd- Pat Riley . Life’s challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they’re supposed to help you discover who you are-dd- Bernice Johnson Reagon . Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . If I persist long enough I will win-dd- Og Mandino . Focus on your potential instead of your limitations-dd- Alan Loy McGinnis . The only place where your dream becomes impossible is in your own thinking-dd- Robert H Schuller . Virtually nothing is impossible in this world if you just put your mind to it and maintain a positive attitude-dd- Lou Holtz . Our beliefs about what we are and what we can be precisely determine what we can be-dd- Tony Robbins . The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible-dd- Arthur C-dd- Clarke . Facing it, always facing it, that’s the way to get through-dd- Face it-dd- Joseph Conrad . Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success-dd- Dale Carnegie . Make improvements, not excuses-dd- Seek respect, not attention-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . When the going gets tough, the tough get going-dd- Joseph Kennedy . The question isn’t who’s going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me-dd- Ayn Rand . You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it-dd- Margaret Thatcher . Just because you fail once doesn’t mean you’re gonna fail at everything-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Your energy is contagious, so think about what you want people to catch from you-dd- Marie Forleo . There is a truth deep down inside of you that has been waiting for you to discover it, and that truth is this: you deserve all good things life has to offer-dd- Rhonda Byrne . She needed hero, so she became one-dd- Unknown . Positive thoughts = Positive life-dd- Mel Robbins . There’s power in looking silly and not caring that you do-dd- Amy Poehler . Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change-dd- Wayne W-dd- Dyer . Keep your face towards the sunshine and shadows will fall behind you-dd- Walt Whitman . I intend to live forever-dd- So far, so good-dd- Steven Wright . Tomorrow is often the busiest day of the week-dd- Spanish proverb . When I was a kid my parents moved a lot, but I always found them-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . Rice is great when you’re hungry and you want 2000 of something-dd- Mitch Hedberg . Life is short-dd- Smile while you still have teeth-dd- . I remixed a remix, it was back to normal-dd- Mitch Hedberg . The best way to teach your kids about taxes is by eating 30 percent of their ice cream-dd- Bill Murray . I’m writing a book-dd- I’ve got the page numbers done-dd- Steven Wright . A lot of people are afraid of heights-dd- Not me, I’m afraid of widths-dd- Steven Wright . I have always wanted to be somebody, but I see now I should have been more specific-dd- Lily Tomlin . This suspense is terrible-dd- I hope it will last-dd- Oscar Wilde . Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company-dd- Mark Twain . If a book about failures doesn’t sell, is it a success-qq- Jerry Seinfeld . Knowledge is like underwear-dd- It is useful to have it, but not necessary to show it off-dd- Bill Murray . Going to church doesn’t make you a Christian any more than going to a garage makes you an automobile-dd- Billy Sunday . Never trust people who smile constantly-dd- They’re either selling something or not very bright-dd- Laurell K-dd- Hamilton . I did not attend his funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it-dd- Mark Twain . A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on-dd- Winston S-dd- Churchill . When life gives you lemons, squirt someone in the eye-dd- Cathy Guisewite . Accept who you are-dd- Unless you’re a serial killer-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . It’s okay if you don’t like me-dd- Not everyone has good taste-dd- . Everything is changing-dd- People are taking the comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke-dd- Will Rogers . I came from a real tough neighborhood-dd- Once a guy pulled a knife on me-dd- I knew he wasn’t a professional, the knife had butter on it-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . That’s why they call it the American Dream, because you have to be asleep to believe it-dd- George Carlin . If you’re too open-minded; your brains will fall out-dd- Lawrence Ferlinghetti . A pessimist is a man who thinks everybody is as nasty as himself, and hates them for it-dd- George Bernard Shaw . I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me-dd- Fred Allen . If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of payments-dd- Steven Wright . The four most beautiful words in our common language: I told you so-dd- Gore Vidal . My esteem in this country has gone up substantially-dd- It is very nice now that when people wave at me, they use all their fingers-dd- Jimmy Carter (US president 1977 to 1981) . The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits-dd- Albert Einstein . The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don’t want, drink what you don’t like, and do what you’d rather not-dd- Mark Twain . Don’t be so humble – you are not that great-dd- Golda Meir (This is one of my favorite funny quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . The first time I see a jogger smiling, I’ll consider it-dd- Joan Rivers . When nothing is going right, go left-dd- . Reality continues to ruin my life-dd- Bill Watterson . Never go to bed mad-dd- Stay up and fight-dd- Phyllis Diller . Never miss a good chance to shut up-dd- Will Rogers . Sane is boring-dd- R-dd-A-dd- Salvatore . I’m addicted to placebos-dd- Steven Wright . I’d like to live like a poor man – only with lots of money-dd- Pablo Picasso . Puns are the highest form of literature-dd- Alfred Hitchcock . Do not take life too seriously-dd- You will never get out of it alive-dd- Elbert Hubbard . All generalizations are false, including this one-dd- Mark Twain . What’s another word for Thesaurus-qq- Steven Wright . If I had nine of my fingers missing I wouldn’t type any slower-dd- Mitch Hedberg . Don’t judge me-dd- I was born to be awesome, not perfect-dd- . What do people do with all the extra time they save by writing ‘k’ instead of ‘ok’-qq- . My life feels like a test I didn’t study for-dd- . I don’t go crazy-dd- I am crazy-dd- I just go normal from time to time-dd- . My bed is a magical place where I suddenly remember everything I forgot to do-dd- Unknown . I’m actually not funny-dd- I’m just really mean and people think I’m joking-dd- . Everything happens for a reason-dd- But sometimes the reason is that you’re stupid and you make bad decisions-dd- . I look like a casual, laid-back guy, but it’s like a circus in my head-dd- Steven Wright . I was trying to daydream, but my mind kept wandering-dd- Steven Wright . I wrote a few children’s books… not on purpose-dd- Steven Wright . I went to a meeting for premature ejaculators-dd- I left early-dd- Jack Benny . I was just viciously body shamed by my mirror-dd- Danny Zuker . Finally my winter fat is done-dd- Now I have spring rolls-dd- . Sometimes I want to go back in time and punch myself in the face-dd- . My brain has too many tabs open-dd- . I don’t even believe myself when I say I’ll be ready in 5 minutes-dd- . My best birth control now is just to leave the lights on-dd- Joan Rivers . I’m not shy, I’m holding back my awesomeness so I don’t intimidate you-dd- . Is ‘ugh’ an emotion-qq- Because I fell it all the time-dd- . If you are lonely, dim all lights and put on a horror movie-dd- After a while it won’t feel like you are alone anymore-dd- . I don’t weigh myself because most scales don’t know how heavy all the grudges im holding onto are-dd- https://twitter-dd-com/MattBellassai . “Fries or salad-qq-” sums up every adult decision you have to make-dd- Aparna Nancherla (Twitter) . In this horrible time, let us at least be bolstered by small miracles like finding out your ex moved to a different city-dd- Aparna Nancherla . You’re welcome to come here, except my beds from Ikea so it’s more unstable than i am-dd- https://twitter-dd-com/TFLN . If we’re not meant to have midnight snacks, why is there a light in the fridge-dd- . You’ll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace-dd- . I am not lazy-dd- I am on energy saving mode-dd- . I just want my stomach to be as flat as my ass-dd- #FitnessGoals https://twitter-dd-com/billburr . What was your key motivation for this piece-qq- The due date-dd- . Men cannot live by bread alone; he must have peanut butter-dd- James A-dd- Garfield . Food is like sex: When you abstain, even the worst stuff begins to look good-dd- Beth McCollister . I could tell that my parents hated me-dd- My bath toys were a toaster and a radio-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me-dd- He said I was being ridiculous – everyone hasn’t met me yet-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . My doctor told me to watch my drinking-dd- Now I drink in front of a mirror-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee-dd- Abraham Lincoln . You’re only as good as your last haircut-dd- Fran Lebowitz . My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them-dd- Mitch Hedberg . I drank some boiling water because I wanted to whistle-dd- Mitch Hedberg . I like Kit-Kat, unless I’m with four or more people-dd- Mitch Hedberg . What a nice night for an evening-dd- Steven Wright . I walk around like everything is fine, but deep down, inside my shoe, my sock is sliding off-dd- . Do Lipton employees take coffee breaks-qq- Steven Wright . I live on a one-way street that’s also a dead end-dd- I’m not sure how I got there-dd- Steven Wright . I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol-dd- Steven Wright . Am I perfect-qq- No-dd- But am I striving to be a better person every day-qq- Also no-dd- . Maybe you should eat some makeup so you can be pretty on the inside too-dd- . Love is blind; friendship tries not to notice-dd- Otto von Bismarck . It’s only because of their stupidity that they’re able to be so sure of themselves-dd- Franz Kafka . Do you ever think if people heard our conversations they’d lock us up-qq- All the time-dd- Wendy Mass . A best friend is like a four leaf clover, hard to find, lucky to have-dd- . As your best friend I’ll always pick you up when you fall, after I finish laughing-dd- . Some people are like clouds-dd- When they disappear, it’s a beautiful day-dd- . Please cancel my subscriptions to your issues-dd- . If you ran like your mouth, you’d be in good shape-dd- . I’m not arguing-dd- I’m simply explaining why I’m right-dd- . Friends are people who know you really well and like you anyway-dd- Greg Tamblyn . If you’re going to do something tonight that you’ll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late-dd- Henny Youngman . There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate-dd- Linda Grayson . Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty-dd- Sicilian Proverb . It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . If you’re hotter than me, then that means I’m cooler than you-dd- . I spent 113 880 hours of my life for a paper and a handshake-dd- . All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height-dd- Casey Stengel . A child educated only at school is an uneducated child-dd- George Santayana . The happier we get, the less we see-dd- Asian Kid . You can drag my body to school but my spirit refuses to go-dd- Bill Watterson . Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school-dd- Albert Einstein . In school, you’re taught a lesson and then given a test-dd- In life, you’re given a test that teaches you a lesson-dd- Tom Bodett . Finish last in your league and they call you idiot-dd- Finish last in medical school and they call you doctor-dd- Abe Lemons . Education can get you the only thing that really matters in today’s world – an assigned parking space-dd- Gene Perret . It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows-dd- Epictetus . No wonder the teacher knows so much; she has the book-dd- Edgar Watson Howe . Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance-dd- Will Durant . People learn something every day, and a lot of times it’s that what they learned the day before was wrong-dd- Bill Vaughan . Work hard, nap hard-dd- Demi Lovato . The human brain is special-dd- It starts working as soon as you get up and it doesn’t stop until you get to school-dd- Milton Berle . When a teacher calls a boy by his entire name, it means trouble-dd- Mark Twain . School is learning things you don’t want to know, surrounded by people you wish you didn’t know, while working toward a future you don’t know will ever come-dd- Dave Kellett . The most important thing we learn at school is the fact that the most important things can’t be learned at school-dd- Haruki Murakami . I go to school, but I never learn what I want to know-dd- Bill Watterson . My career plans were much more exciting when I was 5-dd- . Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please-dd- Mark Twain . A boss on vacation is the most cost effective measure-dd- Everybody in the office has a vacation at the cost of one-dd- Thibaut . There cannot be a crisis next week-dd- My schedule is already full-dd- Henry Kissinger . Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit-dd- George Carlin . Clothes make the man-dd- Naked people have little or no influence on society-dd- Mark Twain . Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired-dd- Jules Renard . The most ineffective workers are systematically moved to the place where they can do the least damage: management-dd- Scott Adams (Dilbert) . The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one-dd- Oscar Wilde . Every time you feel yourself being pulled into other people’s drama, repeat these word: Not my circus, not my monkeys-dd- Polish Proverb . If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses-dd- Henry Ford . The closest a person ever comes to perfection is when he fills out a job application form-dd- Stanley Randall . Sorry for being late-dd- I got caught up enjoying my last few minutes of not being here-dd- . I know that the work cycle is not plan/start/finish, but is wait/plan/plan-dd- . I’m sorry-dd- I don’t take orders-dd- I barely take suggestions-dd- . Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city-dd- George Burns . If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Don’t yell at your kids-xx- Lean in real close and whisper, it’s much scarier-dd- . Sometimes I’m so tired, I look down at what I’m wearing, and if it’s comfortable enough to sleep in, I don’t even make it into my pajamas-dd- I’m looking down, and I’m like T-shirt and stretchy pants-qq- Yup, that’s pajama-y-dd- Good night-dd- Rebecca Romijn . The quickest way for a parent to get a child’s attention is to sit down and look comfortable-dd- Lane Olinghouse . Everyone should have kids-dd- They are the greatest joy in the world-dd- But they are also terrorists-dd- You’ll realize this as soon as they are born and start using sleep deprivation to torture you-dd- Ray Romano . I don’t know what’s more exhausting about parenting: the getting up early, or the acting like you know what you’re doing-dd- Jim Gaffigan . It just occurred to me that the majority of my diet is made up of the foods that my kid didn’t finish-dd- Carrie Underwood . When your children are teenagers, it’s important to have a dog so that someone in the house is happy to see you-dd- Nora Ephron . Obviously, if I was serious about having a relationship with someone long-term, the last people I would introduce him to would be my family-dd- Chelsea Handler . My nickname is ‘Mom’, but my full name is ‘Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom Mom’-dd- . Toddler: Emotionally unstable pint-sized dictator with the uncanny ability to know exactly how far to push you towards utter insanity before reverting to a loveable creature-dd- . I never know what to say when people ask me what my hobbies are-dd- I mean, I’m a mom-dd- . A man in love is incomplete until he is married-dd- Then he’s finished-dd- Zsa Zsa Gabor . If you can stay in love for more than two years, you’re on something-dd- Fran Lebowitz . My wife and I were happy for twenty years-dd- Then we met-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . What a kid I got, I told him about the birds and the bees and he told me about the butcher and my wife-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . I haven’t spoken to my wife in years-dd- I didn’t want to interrupt her-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . Marriage…it’s not a word, it’s a sentence-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . Women marry men hoping they will change-dd- Men marry women hoping they will not-dd- So each is inevitably disappointed-dd- Albert Einstein . I love being married-dd- It’s so great to find one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life-dd- Rita Rudner . My brother is gay and my parents don’t care, as long as he marries a doctor-dd- Elayne Boosler . My wife gets all the money I make-dd- I just get an apple and clean clothes every morning-dd- Ray Romano . Eighty percent of married men cheat in America-dd- The rest cheat in Europe-dd- Jackie Mason . Marry a man your own age; as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight-dd- Phyllis Diller . Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence-dd- Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience-dd- Oscar Wilde . Men marry because they are tired; women because they are curious; both are disappointed-dd- Oscar Wilde . A man falls in love through his eyes, a woman through her ears-dd- Woodrow Wyatt . The most terrifying thing any woman can say to me is “Notice anything different-qq- Mike Vanatta . Crying is for plain women-dd- Pretty women go shopping-dd- Oscar Wilde . A woman’s mind is cleaner that a man’s; She changes it more often-dd- Oliver Herford . I don’t have a girlfriend-dd- But I do know a woman who’d be mad at me for saying that-dd- Mitch Hedberg . Scientists now believe that the primary biological function of breasts is to make men stupid-dd- Dave Barry . Feminine intuition is a fiction and a fraud-dd- It is nonsensical, illogical, emotional, ridiculous, and practically foolproof-dd- Harry Haenigsen . The problem with life is, by the time you can read women like a book, your library card has expired-dd- Milton Berle . When my wife says she’ll be ready in 5 minutes, I know I have just enough time to fly to space and write a poem on the moon before we go-dd- Mike Vanatta . God made Adam first because he didn’t want any advice from Eve how to make Adam-dd- . There are a number of mechanical devices which increase sexual arousal, particularly in women-dd- Chief among these is the Mercedes-Benz 380SL convertible-dd- P-dd- J-dd- O’Rourke . Women give us solace, but if it were not for women we would never need solace-dd- Don Herold . America is a land where men govern, but women rule-dd- John Mason Brown . Why do men like intelligent women-qq- Because opposites attract-dd- Kathy Lette . When a man brings his wife flowers for no reason, there’s a reason-dd- Molly McGee . Men are like a deck of cards-dd- You’ll find the occasional king, but most are jacks-dd- Laura Swenson . Coffee, chocolate, men-dd- The richer the better-xx- . A man in love is like a clipped coupon – it’s time to cash in-dd- Mae West . A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him-dd- Brendan Francis . The true man wants two things: danger and play-dd- For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous plaything-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . You grow up the day you have your first real laugh at yourself-dd- Ethel Barrymore . If people never did silly things nothing intelligent would ever get done-dd- Ludwig Wittgenstein . Humor is by far the most significant activity of the human brain-dd- Edward de Bono . The secret source of humour itself is not joy, but sorrow-dd- There is no humour in heaven-dd- Mark Twain . I like nonsense-dd- It wakes up the brain cells-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . When people are laughing, they’re generally not killing each other-dd- Alan Alda . Laughter rises out of tragedy, when you need it the most, and rewards you for your courage-dd- Erma Bombeck . And we should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once-dd- And we should call every truth false which was not accompanied by at least one laugh-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Angels can fly because they take themselves lightly; devils fall because of their gravity-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . My way of joking is to tell the truth-dd- It’s the funniest joke in the world-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Good humor is a tonic for mind and body-dd- It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression-dd- It is a business asset-dd- It attracts and keep friends-dd- It lightens human burdens-dd- It is the direct route to serenity and contentment-dd- Greenville Kleisser . Jokes of the proper kind, properly told, can do more to enlighten questions of politics, philosophy, and literature than any number of dull arguments-dd- Isaac Asimov . Humor is emotional chaos remembered in tranquility-dd- James Thurber . Humor is a serious thing-dd- I like to think of it as one of our greatest earliest natural resources, which must be preserved at all cost-dd- James Thurber . Humor is a universal language-dd- Joel Goodman . I will never put off until tomorrow, what I can forget about forever-dd- . I went to a restaurant that serves ‘breakfast at any time’-dd- So I ordered French Toast during the Renaissance-dd- Steven Wright . Someone asked me, if I were stranded on a desert island what book would I bring… ‘How to Build a Boat-dd-’ Steven Wright . A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory-dd- Steven Wright . Nothing prepared me for being this awesome-dd- It’s kind of a shock-dd- It’s kind of a shock to wake up every morning and be bathed in this purple light-dd- Bill Murray . People are like music-dd- Some speak the truth, and others are just noise-dd- Bill Murray . Don’t think about your errors or failures, otherwise you’ll never do a thing-dd- Bill Murray . There’s a wonderful sense of well-being that begins to circulate… up and down your spine-dd- And you feel something that makes you almost want to smile-dd- So what’s it like to be me-qq- Ask yourself, ‘What’s it like to be me-qq-’ The only way we’ll ever know what it’s like to be you is if you work your best at being you as often as you can, and keep reminding yourself that’s where home is-dd- Bill Murray . I live a little bit on the seat of my pants, I try to be alert and available for life to happen to me-dd- We’re in this life, and if you’re not available, the sort of ordinary time goes past and you didn’t live it-dd- But if you’re available, life gets huge-dd- You’re really living it-dd- Bill Murray . The more relaxed you are, the better you are at everything : the better you are with your loved ones, the better you are with your enemies, the better you are at your job, the better you are with yourself-dd- Bill Murray . I don’t believe that you can give the same performance every take-dd- It’s physically impossible, so why bother-qq- If you don’t do what is happening at that moment, then it’s not real-dd- Then you’re holding something back-dd- Bill Murray . A moat can be a pretty good thing-dd- It can be lovely-dd- It keeps rodents away from the castle-dd- It can have fish in it-dd- Even fish that talk-dd- … If you give people access, they take advantage-dd- My phone would ring 75 times in a row-dd- Finally, I would pick it up and say, ‘Who the hell is this-qq-’ ‘Oh, hi-xx- I’m calling from so-and-so’s office…’ What kind of person would ever, ever let the phone ring 75 times-qq- And I guess that’s when I started thinking: I can do without these people-dd- Bill Murray . It’s hard to be an artist-dd- It’s hard to be anything-dd- It’s hard to be-dd- Bill Murray . Life is so damn short-dd- For f*ck’s sake, just do what makes you happy-dd- Bill Murray . It’s extremely powerful to say no; it’s really the most powerful thing to say-dd- Bill Murray . There are only three things women need in life: food, water and compliments-dd- Chris Rock . I live in a neighborhood so bad that you can get shot while getting shot-dd- Chris Rock . If a woman tells you she’s twenty and looks sixteen, she’s twelve-dd- If she tells you she’s twenty-six and looks twenty-six, she’s damn near forty-dd- Chris Rock . You know, some people say life is short and that you could get hit by a bus at any moment and that you have to live each day like it’s your last-dd- Bullshit-dd- Life is long-dd- You’re probably not gonna get hit by a bus-dd- And you’re gonna have to live with the choices you make for the next fifty years-dd- Chris Rock . If you can keep your son off the pipe and your daughter off the pole, you’re ahead of the game-dd- Chris Rock . Only dumb people try to impress smart people-dd- Smart people just do what they do-dd- Chris Rock . What the fuck do women want-qq- I know what you want: everything-dd- Chris Rock . Wealth is not about having a lot of money; it’s about having a lot of options-dd- Chris Rock . You can only offend me if you mean something to me-dd- Chris Rock . They say love is more important than money…Have you tried paying your bills with a hug-qq- Dave Chappelle . You know you must be doing something right if old people like you-dd- Dave Chappelle . Fame for me is like a place, a country I’m taking a tour through-dd- Dave Chappelle . The advice I would give to someone is to not take anyone’s advice-dd- Eddie Murphy . I’m sadistic-dd- I go to the supermarkets to watch mothers lose it and beat the shit out of their kids-dd- Eddie Murphy . If you have a flop movie, so what-qq- And if you have a hit movie, it’s ‘so what,’ too – it’s on to the next movie-dd- Eddie Murphy . White people can’t dance-dd- I’m not being racist; it’s true-dd- Just like when white people say black people have big lips, it’s not racist; it’s true-dd- Black people have big lips, white people can’t dance-dd- Some brothers will be in the club and white people are like, “What are those niggers doing in here-qq-” They watchin’ y’all dance-dd- And they’re like, “Look at these crazy muthaf***as-dd-” Y’all be stepping on people’s feet and hitting one another-dd- Eddie Murphy . Mick Jagger’s lips’ so big, black people be going, “You got some big-ass lips-xx-”-dd- Eddie Murphy . Procrastinate now, don’t put it off-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Accept who you are, unless you’re a serial killer-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . People always ask me, ‘Were you funny as a child-qq-’ Well, no, I was an accountant-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Follow your passion-dd- Stay true to yourself-dd- Never follow someone else’s path unless you’re in the woods and you’re lost and you see a path-dd- By all means, you should follow that-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Life is short-dd- If you doubt me, ask a butterfly-dd- Their average life span is a mere five to fourteen days-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Why don’t they give us things we can actually use-qq- I don’t need a thinner phone-dd- You know what I need-qq- I need to tortilla chip that can support the weight of guacamole-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . My point is, life is about balance-dd- The good and the bad-dd- The highs and the lows-dd- The pina and the colada-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . The thing everyone should realize is that the key to happiness is being happy by yourself and for yourself-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Be open to learning new lessons, even if they contradict the lessons you learned yesterday-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Find out who you are and be that person-dd- That’s what your soul was put on this Earth to be-dd- Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . I work really hard at trying to see the big picture and not getting stuck in ego-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . I think we need more love in the world-dd- We need more kindness, more compassion, more joy, more laughter-dd- I definitely want to contribute to that-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Embrace who you are-dd- Literally-dd- Hug yourself-dd- Accept who you are-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Do we have to worry about who’s gay and who’s straight-qq- Can’t we just love everybody and judge them by the car they drive-qq- Ellen DeGeneres . It’s funny how the universe guides you to where you’re meant to be-dd- I wanted to make people happy-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . I think beauty comes from actually knowing who you are-dd- That’s real beauty to me-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . It is failure that gives you the proper perspective on success-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Weather forecast for tonight: dark-dd- George Carlin . Don’t sweat the petty things and don’t pet the sweaty things-dd- George Carlin . Think of how stupid the average person is, and realize half of them are stupider than that-dd- George Carlin . Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac-qq- George Carlin . When you’re born you get a ticket to the freak show-dd- When you’re born in America, you get a front row seat-dd- George Carlin . Here’s all you have to know about men and women: women are crazy, men are stupid-dd- And the main reason women are crazy is that men are stupid-dd- George Carlin . Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit-dd- George Carlin . Those who dance are considered insane by those who cannot hear the music-dd- George Carlin . Try explaining Hitler to a kid-dd- George Carlin . If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done-qq- George Carlin . We’re all fucked-dd- It helps to remember that-dd- George Carlin . Don’t just teach your children to read-dd- Teach them to question what they read, teach them to question everything-dd- George Carlin . Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away-dd- George Carlin . Laugh often, long and loud-dd- Laugh until you gasp for breath-dd- George Carlin . I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member-dd- Groucho Marx . Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men – the other 999 follow women-dd- Groucho Marx . Outside of a dog, a book is man’s best friend-dd- Inside of a dog it’s too dark to read-dd- Groucho Marx . I find television very educating-dd- Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book-dd- Groucho Marx . When you’re in jail, a good friend will be trying to bail you out-dd- A best friend will be in the cell next to you saying, ‘Damn, that was fun’-dd- Groucho Marx . From the moment I picked up your book until I put it down, I was convulsed with laughter-dd- Some day I intend reading it-dd- Groucho Marx . The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing-dd- If you can fake that, you’ve got it made-dd- Groucho Marx . Those are my principles, and if you don’t like them…well I have others-dd- Groucho Marx . I have nothing but respect for you – and not much of that-dd- Groucho Marx . If you’re not having fun, you’re doing something wrong-dd- Groucho Marx . Learn from the mistakes of others-dd- You can never live long enough to make them all yourself-dd- Groucho Marx . Blessed are the cracked, for they shall let in the light-dd- Groucho Marx . A two-year old is kind of like a blender, but you don’t have any top for it-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . It’s amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . What is a date, really, but a job interview that lasts all night-qq- The only difference is that in not many job interviews is there a chance you’ll wind up naked-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . You know you’re getting old when you get that one candle on the cake-dd- It’s like, ‘See if you can blow this out’-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . Men want the same thing from their underwear that they want from women: a little bit of support, and a little bit of freedom-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . Behing every great man is a woman rolling her eyes-dd- Jim Carrey . You know the trouble with real life-qq- There’s no danger music-dd- Jim Carrey . I don’t want to be a vampire-dd- I’m a day person-dd- Jim Carrey . Until Ace Ventura, no actor had considered talking through his ass-dd- Jim Carrey . My focus is to forget the pain of life-dd- Forget the pain, mock the pain, reduce it-dd- And laugh-dd- Jim Carrey . I can tell you that the effect you have on others is the most valuable currency there is-dd- Jim Carrey . I think everybody should get rich and famous and do everything they ever dreamed of so they can see that it’s not the answer-dd- Jim Carrey . It is better to risk starving to death then surrender-dd- If you give up on your dreams, what’s left-qq- Jim Carrey . My soul is not contained within the limits of my body-dd- My body is contained within the limitlessness of my soul-dd- Jim Carrey . Life opens up opportunities to you, and you either take them or you stay afraid of taking them-dd- Jim Carrey . Desperation is a necessary ingredient to learning anything, or creating anything-dd- Period-dd- Jim Carrey . Your need for acceptance can make you invisible in this world-dd- Jim Carrey . The one thing you shouldn’t do is try to tell a cab driver how to get somewhere-dd- Jimmy Fallon . Sometimes I wish I had a terrible childhood, so that at least I’d have an excuse-dd- Jimmy Fallon . If you’re a sports fan you realize that when you meet somebody, like a girlfriend, they kind of have to root for your team-dd- They don’t have a choice-dd- Jimmy Fallon . New Scientist magazine reported that in the future, cars could be powered by hazelnuts-dd- That’s encouraging, considering an eight-ounce jar of hazelnuts costs about nine dollars-dd- Yeah, I’ve got an idea for a car that runs on bald eagle heads and Faberge eggs-dd- Jimmy Fallon . I want to be a dad-dd- That’s floating to the top of my list-dd- I think it’s such an important thing-dd- I’m at the age where everyone has kids, and I ask them, ‘Is it like a puppy-qq-’ And they go, ‘It’s 10 times a puppy-dd-’ Jimmy Fallon . I’m going to North Pole to help out Santa this year-dd- Jimmy Fallon . I don’t even read the papers-dd- I read ‘USA Today’ because it has color photos-dd- Jimmy Fallon . I wanted to be a Priest at one point-dd- I was pretty religious-dd- I was an altar boy, and I was good at it-dd- Then, I started meeting girls and I’m like ‘You know, maybe I shouldn’t be a Priest-dd-’ Jimmy Fallon . Honestly, I just want to keep people awake-dd- Or at least give you one joke to go to bed with-dd- Jimmy Fallon . Thank you, Apple, for adding a camera to the iPod Nano-dd- Now it’s just like the iPhone except it can’t make calls-dd- So basically, it’s just like the iPhone-dd- Jimmy Fallon . Thank you, horseradish, for being neither a radish nor a horse-dd- What you are is a liar food-dd- Jimmy Fallon . Thank you, 2:30 in the morning, for always being the first sign that tomorrow’s gonna suck-dd- Jimmy Fallon . I don’t like to kick people when they’re down-dd- I like to kick people when they’re up-dd- Jimmy Fallon . I just really don’t like being the center of attention that much-dd- It’s kind of ironic-dd- Jimmy Fallon . ‘Have fun’ is my message-dd- Be silly-dd- You’re allowed to be silly-dd- There’s nothing wrong with it-dd- Jimmy Fallon . I have complete faith in the continued absurdity of whatever’s going on-dd- Jon Stewart . I celebrated Thanksgiving in an old-fashioned way-dd- I invited everyone in my neighborhood to my house, we had an enormous feast, and then I killed them and took their land-dd- Jon Stewart . If America leads a blessed life, then why did God put all of our oil under people who hate us-qq- Jon Stewart . I’m not going to censor myself to comfort your ignorance-dd- Jon Stewart . If ‘con’ is the opposite of pro, then isn’t Congress the opposite of progress-qq- Or did we just f*cking blow your mind-xx--qq- Jon Stewart . It doesn’t make it a gotcha question just because it got ya-dd- Jon Stewart . Insomnia is my greatest inspiration-dd- Jon Stewart . Love what you do-dd- Get good at it-dd- Competence is a rare commodity in this day and age-dd- Jon Stewart . If you don’t stick to your values when they’re being tested, they’re not values” they’re hobbies-dd- Jon Stewart . Religion is far more of a choice than homosexuality-dd- Jon Stewart . Religion-dd- It’s given people hope in a world torn apart by religion-dd- Jon Stewart . If we amplify everything we hear nothing-dd- Jon Stewart . I think if you get kicked in the face you deserved it because that means that you watched the foot come to your face-dd- Kevin Hart . These glasses are way 2 big for my damn face-xx- I look like I got on a damn tinted construction mask-dd- Kevin Hart . I hate when new parents ask who the baby looks like -xx- It was born 15 minutes ago it looks like a potato-dd- Kevin Hart . Marriage is a 24 hour job-dd- You get married, you’re no longer an individual-dd- You can’t do nothing by yourself when you get married-dd- Everything is a team effort-dd- ‘Us’, ‘we’, ‘let’s’, honey, come on partner-dd- You can’t do nothing by yourself-dd- Kevin: Baby I’m gonna be right back I’m going to the store-dd- Wife: Well, wait, let me get my coat-dd- Kevin: Bit__, it’s right there on the corner-dd- I just wanna get some chips-dd- I ain’t going to sleep with nobody-dd- Kevin Hart (Video) . First off, my kids know I’m a big deal-dd- Kevin Hart (Video) . If I still cannot hear what you have to say after you have repeated it three times, I will just laugh and hope it was not a question-dd- Kevin Hart . Some sarcasm is best told simply-dd- Kevin Hart . But at times, life is random if not downright stupid-dd- Kevin Hart . Laughter heals all wounds, and that’s one thing that everybody shares-dd- No matter what you’re going through, it makes you forget about your problems-dd- I think the world should keep laughing-dd- Kevin Hart . All I can do is try to create my own brand and have people appreciate me for that-dd- Kevin Hart . Your phone doesn’t suck-dd- Your life sucks around the phone-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . Boys fuck things up-dd- Girls are fucked up-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . There are two types of people in the world: People who say they pee in the shower and dirty fucking liars-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . “Fuck it-dd-” That’s really the attitude that’s keeps a family together-dd- It’s not “We love each other-xx-” It’s “Fuck it-dd-” Louis C-dd-K-dd- . Don’t text or twitter during the show-dd- Just live your life-dd- Don’t keep telling people what you’re doing-dd- Also it lights up your big dumb face-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . I definitely look at my body and I go ‘yuck’-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . Of course, if you are fighting for your country and get shot or hurt, it is a terrible tragedy-dd- But maybe, if you get shot by the dude you were shooting at, it’s a tiny bit your fault-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . Kids are like buckets of disease that live in your house-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . ‘I’m bored’ is a useless thing to say-dd- You live in a great, big, vast world that you’ve seen none percent of-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . It’s a positive thing to talk about terrible things and make people laugh about them-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . Here’s how my brain works: it’s stupidity, followed by self-hatred, and then further analysis-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . Just because you’re offended, doesn’t mean you’re right-dd- Ricky Gervais . You won’t burn in hell-dd- But be nice anyway-dd- Ricky Gervais . I see Atheists are fighting and killing each other again, over who doesn’t believe in any God the most-dd- Ricky Gervais . The best advice I’ve ever received is, ‘No one else knows what they’re doing either’-dd- Ricky Gervais . My greatest hero is Nelson Mandela-dd- What a man-dd- Incarcerated for 25 years, he was released in 1990 and he hasn’t reoffended-dd- I think he’s going straight, which shows you prison does work-dd- Ricky Gervais . Remember, when you are dead, you do not know you are dead-dd- It is only painful for others-dd- The same applies when you are stupid-dd- Ricky Gervais . Mondays are fine-dd- It’s your life that sucks-dd- Ricky Gervais . Beliefs do not change facts-dd- Facts, if one is rational, should change beliefs-dd- Ricky Gervais . If you can’t joke about the most horrendous things in the world, what’s the point of jokes-qq- What’s the point in having humor-qq- Humor is to get us over terrible things-dd- Ricky Gervais . Enjoy life-dd- Have fun-dd- Be kind-dd- Have worth-dd- Have friends-dd- Be honest-dd- Laugh-dd- Die with dignity-dd- Make the most of it-dd- It’s all we’ve got-dd- Ricky Gervais . It’s a strange myth that atheists have nothing to live for-dd- It’s the opposite-dd- We have nothing to die for-dd- We have everything to live for-dd- Ricky Gervais . That’s the other thing I learned that day, that the truth, however shocking or uncomfortable, in the end leads to liberation and dignity-dd- Ricky Gervais . You should bring something into the world that wasn’t in the world before-dd- It doesn’t matter what that is-dd- It doesn’t matter if it’s a table or a film or gardening – everyone should create-dd- You should do something, then sit back and say, “I did that”-dd- Ricky Gervais . Never confuse your right to say what you believe with a right to never be disagreed with and ridiculed for saying what you believe-dd- Ricky Gervais . No one wants to see cool people doing brilliantly-dd- I want to see the struggle-dd- That’s the fun bit-dd- Ricky Gervais . People who criticize you have usually never achieved anywhere near what you have-dd- Most of them would be too scared to even try-dd- Keep going-dd- . You found it offensive-qq- I found it funny-dd- That’s why I’m happier than you-dd- Ricky Gervais . If you spend your days doing what you love, it is impossible to fail-dd- Ricky Gervais . Being on the edge isn’t as safe, but the view is better-dd- Ricky Gervais . I’m sorry, if you were right, I’d agree with you-dd- Robin Williams . Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves-qq- Robin Williams . See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time-dd- Robin Williams . Never pick a fight with an ugly person, they’ve got nothing to lose-dd- Robin Williams . If women ran the world we wouldn’t have wars, just intense negotiations every 28 days-dd- Robin Williams . Ah, yes, divorce… from the Latin word meaning to rip out a man’s genitals through his wallet-dd- Robin Williams . The only weapon we have is comedy-dd- Robin Williams . You’re only given a little spark of madness-dd- You mustn’t lose it-dd- Robin Williams . I think the saddest people always try their hardest to make people happy-dd- Robin Williams . I always thought the idea of education was to learn to think for yourself-dd- Robin Williams . Please, don’t worry so much… Because in the end none of us have very long on this earth-dd- Robin Williams . For a while you get mad, then you get over it-dd- Robin Williams . You will have bad times, but they will always wake you up to the stuff you weren’t paying attention to-dd- Robin Williams . Our job is improving the quality of life, not just delaying death-dd- Robin Williams, Patch Adams . No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world-dd- Robin Williams . What would you say to your barber-qq- I’m really protective of my penis-dd- Which haircut will make sure it never meets anyone-qq- Ryan Reynolds . Anyone know the number to 911-qq- Ryan Reynolds . Airplane toilets are aggressive-dd- It wasn’t until I got back to my seat that I noticed my pants and testicles were missing-dd- Ryan Reynolds . Went to Disneyland because my daughter’s obsessed with Mickey Mouse-dd- She was so excited when I got home and told her-dd- Ryan Reynolds . Bob Ross is very calming-dd- 5 min into this show, it feels like you’ve been fucked to death by a thousand pillows-dd- Ryan Reynolds . People in LA are deathly afraid of gluten-dd- I swear to god, you could rob a liquor store in this city with a bagel-dd- Ryan Reynolds . If you find me, please let me know where the hell I’ve been-dd- Ryan Reynolds . We’re not kissing-dd- We’re feeding each other like baby birds-dd- Ryan Reynolds . Don’t cry over spilled milk-dd- By this time tomorrow, it’ll be free yogurt-dd- Stephen Colbert . Now, for my younger viewers out there, a book is something we used to have before the internet-dd- It’s sort of a blog for people with attention spans-dd- Stephen Colbert . Contrary to what people may say, there’s no upper limit on stupidity-dd- Stephen Colbert . The summer movies are coming out-xx- My advice: just stay home and burn a good book-dd- Stephen Colbert . Here’s an easy way to figure out if you’re in a cult: If you’re wondering whether you’re in a cult, the answer is yes-dd- Stephen Colbert . Contraception leads to more babies being born out of wedlock, like fire extinguishers lead to more fires-dd- Stephen Colbert . There’s an old saying about those who forget history-dd- I don’t remember it, but it’s good-dd- Stephen Colbert . The more you know, the sadder you get-dd- Stephen Colbert . If I had a dime for everytime that I was wrong, I’d be broke-dd- Stephen Colbert . In order to maintain an untenable position, you have to be actively ignorant-dd- One motto on the show is, ’Keep your facts, I’m going with the truth-dd-’ Stephen Colbert . When the president decides something on Monday, he still believes it on Wednesday – no matter what happened Tuesday-dd- Stephen Colbert . I would say laughter is the best medicine-dd- But it’s more than that-dd- It’s an entire regime of antibiotics and steroids-dd- Laughter brings the swelling down on our national psyche, and then applies an antibiotic cream-dd- You gotta keep it away from your eyes… Obviously, it’s a challenge to make light of the darkness but, um, it’s better than crying about it-dd- Stephen Colbert . Happiness can be really facile – To be with my wife and children, would be the deepest joy-dd- Stephen Colbert . I always recommend people get in trouble-dd- Commit yourself to an open mike night or write something and say you’re going to read it in public, but get in trouble-dd- You’re never going to learn until you fail-dd- … You have to go out there and figure out what you can do and can’t do-dd- Stephen Colbert . Don’t be afraid to be a fool-dd- Remember, you cannot be both young and wise-dd- Stephen Colbert . Cynicism masquerades as wisdom, but it is the farthest thing from it-dd- Because cynics don’t learn anything-dd- Because cynicism is a self-imposed blindness, a rejection of the world because we are afraid it will hurt us or disappoint us-dd- Stephen Colbert . Cynics always say no-dd- But saying ‘yes’ begins things-dd- Saying ‘yes’ is how things grow-dd- Saying ‘yes’ leads to knowledge-dd- ‘Yes’ is for young people-dd- So for as long as you have the strength to, say ‘yes-dd-’ Stephen Colbert . Not living in fear is a great gift, because certainly these days we do it so much-dd- And do you know what I like about comedy-qq- You can’t laugh and be afraid at the same time—of anything-dd- If you’re laughing, I defy you to be afraid-dd- Stephen Colbert . Talking about music is like dancing about architecture-dd- Steve Martin . I like a woman with a head on her shoulders-dd- I hate necks-dd- Steve Martin . We’ve had some fun tonight…considering we’re all gonna die someday-dd- Steve Martin . Before you criticize a man, walk a mile in his shoes-dd- That way, when you do criticize him, you’ll be a mile away and have his shoes-dd- Steve Martin . I was deeply unhappy, but I didn’t know it because I was so happy all the time-dd- Steve Martin . Chaos in the midst of chaos isn’t funny, but chaos in the midst of order is-dd- Steve Martin . You know what your problem is, it’s that you haven’t seen enough movies – all of life’s riddles are answered in the movies-dd- Steve Martin . First the doctor told me the good news: I was going to have a disease named after me-dd- Steve Martin . A day without sunshine is like, you know, night-dd- Steve Martin . Be so good they can’t ignore you-dd- Steve Martin . Nothing is creepier than a bunch of adults being very quiet-dd- Tina Fey . I say if you’re so mad you could just cry, then cry-dd- It terrifies everyone-dd- Tina Fey . Blorft’ is an adjective I just made up that means completely overwhelmed but proceeding as if everything is fine and reacting to the stress with the torpor of a possum-dd- I have been Blorft every day for the past seven years-dd- Tina Fey . Confidence is 10% work and 90% delusion-dd- Tina Fey . If you want to make an audience laugh, you dress a man up like an old lady and push her down the stairs-dd- If you want to make comedy writers laugh, you push an actual old lady down the stairs-dd- Tina Fey . A Harvard Medical School study has determined that rectal thermometers are still the best way to tell a baby’s temperature-dd- Plus, it really teaches the baby who’s boss-dd- Tina Fey . What turning forty means to me-qq- I need to take my pants off as soon as I get home-dd- I didn’t used to have to do that, but now I do-dd- Tina Fey . Say yes-dd- You’ll figure it out afterward-dd- Tina Fey . It will never be perfect, but perfect is overrated-dd- Perfect is boring on live TV-dd- Tina Fey . As the wise man once said, ‘So-qq-’-dd- Will Ferrell . Before you marry a person, you should first make them use a computer with slow Internet service to see who they really are-dd- Will Ferrell . Whenever someone calls me ugly I get super sad and hug them, because I know how tough life is for the visually impaired-dd- Will Ferrell . Facebook is like jail, you sit around and waste time, you write on walls and you get poked by people you don’t know-dd- Will Ferrell . Aren’t we all striving to be overpaid for what we do-qq- Will Ferrell . Alcohol is like Photoshop for real life-dd- Will Ferrell . Who was the greatest prostitute in history-qq- Ms-dd- Pacman, for 25 cents that b*tch swallowed balls till she died-dd- Will Ferrell . Facebook: What’s on your mind-qq- Twitter: What’s happening-qq- Myspace: Where did everybody go-qq- Will Ferrell . Sleep is so cute when it tries to compete with the internet-dd- Will Ferrell . If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans-dd- Woody Allen . I believe there is something out there watching us-dd- Unfortunately, it’s the government-dd- Woody Allen . I’m not afraid of death; I just don’t want to be there when it happens-dd- Woody Allen . Confidence is what you have before you understand the problem-dd- Woody Allen . I am thankful for laughter, except when milk comes out of my nose-dd- Woody Allen . Life doesn’t imitate art, it imitates bad television-dd- Woody Allen . The difference between sex and love is that sex relieves tension and love causes it-dd- Woody Allen . Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go its pretty damn good-dd- Woody Allen . Men learn to love the woman they are attracted to-dd- Women learn to become attracted to the man they fall in love with-dd- Woody Allen . Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing-dd- Woody Allen . The word abbreviation sure is long for what it means-dd- Zach Galifianakis . I think those neighborhood signs that say ‘slow children playing’ are so very mean-dd- Zach Galifianakis . I failed kindergarten because I couldn’t spell my last name-dd- Zach Galifianakis . When I was in high school I used to sit by myself in the cafeteria – not necessarily by choice – but I thought it was funny to talk to people that weren’t there-dd- Zach Galifianakis . My girlfriend looks a little like Charlize Theron…and a lot like Patrick Ewing-dd- Zach Galifianakis . I like to read the Bible in public places so people are watching me read it-dd- I like just to murmur out to myself, ‘Oh bullshit’-dd- Zach Galifianakis . I wonder if in 2050 there will be a movie called, ‘Dude, Where’s My Spaceship-dd-’ Zach Galifianakis . I would start a revolution, but I just bought a hammock-dd- Zach Galifianakis . Zach, To Brad Pitt: Is it hard for you to maintain a suntan-qq- Brad: Why-qq- Zack: Because you live in your wife’s shadow (Angelina Jolie in 2014)-dd- Zach Galifianakis (Video) . I have a lot of growing up to do-dd- I realized that the other day inside my fort-dd- Zach Galifianakis . Trying to be happy by accumulating possessions is like trying to satisfy hunger by taping sandwiches all over your body-dd- George Carlin . Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future-dd- Oscar Wilde . Never to suffer would never to have been blessed-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit-dd- Kahlil Gibran . I rebel; therefore I exist-dd- Albert Camus . If I love myself I love you-dd- If I love you I love myself-dd- Rumi . The adventure of life is to learn-dd- The purpose of life is to grow-dd- The nature of life is to change-dd- The challenge of life is to overcome-dd- The essence of life is to care-dd- The opportunity of like is to serve-dd- The secret of life is to dare-dd- The spice of life is to befriend-dd- The beauty of life is to give-dd- William Arthur Ward . Be yourself; everyone else is already taken-dd- Oscar Wilde . To pay attention, this is our endless and proper work-dd- Mary Oliver . Don’t handicap your children by making their lives easy-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so-dd- Bertrand Russell . He who is untrue to his own cause cannot command the respect of others-dd- Albert Einstein . Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Time is a created thing-dd- To say “I don’t have time”, is like saying, “I don’t want to”-dd- Lao Tzu . It is not I who am strong, it is reason, it is truth-dd- Émile Zola . If you’ve never eaten while crying you don’t know what life tastes like-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong-dd- Oscar Wilde . Never make fun of someone who mispronounces a word-dd- It means they learned it by reading-dd- Unknown . Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree-dd- Martin Luther . As long as I am breathing, in my eyes, I am just beginning-dd- Criss Jami . What matters isn’t what a person has or doesn’t have; it is what he or she is afraid of losing-dd- Nicholas Nassim Taleb . Sometimes you have to shut your eyes, so you can see the real beauty-dd- Kilian Jornet . To be truly positive in the eyes of some, you have to risk appearing negative in the eyes of others-dd- Criss Jami . God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh-dd- Voltaire . Take time like the river that never grows stale-dd- Keep going and steady-dd- No hurry, no rush-dd- Rumi . Maybe you are searching among the branches, for what only appears in the roots-dd- Rumi . Do not be lured by the need to be liked: better to be respected, even feared-dd- Robert Greene . There’s always some truth behind “just kidding”, knowledge behind every “I don’t know”, emotions behind “I don’t care” and pain behind “it’s okay”-dd- Unknown . We can see through others only when we can see through ourselves-dd- Bruce Lee . I don’t care that they stole my idea-dd- I care that they don’t have any of their own-dd- Nikola Tesla . You who suffer because you love, love still more-dd- To die of love, is to live by it-dd- Victor Hugo . The wind howls, but the mountain remains still-dd- Japanese proverb . What makes night within us may leave stars-dd- Victor Hugo . Nothing is forever-dd- Everything goes to 0 eventually-dd- Naval Ravikant . A man with outward courage dares to die; a man with inner courage dares to live-dd- Lao Tzu . To dare is to lose one’s footing momentarily-dd- Not to dare is to lose oneself-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Stupidity lies in wanting to draw conclusions-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Dreams have only one owner at a time-dd- That’s why dreamers are lonely-dd- William Faulkner . Genius is the recovery of childhood at will-dd- Arthur Rimbaud . Men must live and create-dd- Live to the point of tears-dd- Albert Camus . A clear conscience is the sure sign of a bad memory-dd- Mark Twain . Doubt is an uncomfortable condition, but certainty is a ridiculous one-dd- Voltaire (This is one of my favorite deep quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters-dd- Victor Hugo . Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers-dd- Voltaire . The quieter you become, the more you are able to hear-dd- Rumi . Let the beauty of what you love be what you do-dd- Rumi . Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . Do or do not, there is no try-dd- Yoda . Cleverness is not wisdom-dd- Euripides . Life is the flower for which love is the honey-dd- Victor Hugo . All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope-dd- Alexandre Dumas . All generalizations are dangerous, even this one-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Anything becomes interesting if you look at it long enough-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees-dd- Euripides . The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn-dd- Bertrand Russell . The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones-dd- William Faulkner . Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much-dd- Oscar Wilde . I can resist anything except temptation-dd- Oscar Wilde . Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself-dd- Leo Tolstoy . A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast-dd- William Shakespeare . The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why-dd- Mark Twain . I have never let my schooling interfere with my education-dd- Mark Twain . Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect)-dd- Mark Twain . He who knows, does not speak-dd- He who speaks, does not know-dd- Lao Tzu . When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be-dd- Lao Tzu . We suffer more often in imagination than in reality-dd- Seneca . Don’t settle, and don’t struggle-dd- Naval Ravikant . To thine own self be true-dd- William Shakespeare . Conscience doth make cowards of us all-dd- William Shakespeare . People do not lack strength; they lack will-dd- Victor Hugo . What labels me, negates me-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Rest in reason; move in passion-dd- Kahlil Gibran . You are what you do, not what you say you’ll do-dd- Carl Jung . To do two things at once is to do neither-dd- Publilius Syrus . Hurt me with the truth-dd- But never comfort me with a lie-dd- Unknown . The prettiest eyes have cried the most-dd- Unknown . The kindest hearts have felt the most pains-dd- Unknown . Success is an iceberg-dd- Unknown . Just do your best and to hell the rest-dd- Unknown . Love is the foolishness of men, and the wisdom of God-dd- Victor Hugo . Curiosity is gluttony-dd- To see is to devour-dd- Victor Hugo . The merit of all things lies in their difficulty-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Passion is born deaf and dumb-dd- Honoré de Balzac . “I” is another-dd- Arthur Rimbaud . The deeper thought is, the taller it becomes-dd- Dejan Stojanovic . Close both eyes to see with the other eye-dd- Rumi . Of all lies, art is the least untrue-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Leave no stone unturned-dd- Euripides . Remember your humanity, and forget the rest-dd- Bertrand Russell . Life is a constant process of dying-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . The darker the night, the brighter the stars-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Beauty will save the world-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Nothing has more strength than dire necessity-dd- Euripides . Sin is geographical-dd- Bertrand Russell . What worries you, masters you-dd- John Locke . The past is never dead-dd- It’s not even past-dd- William Faulkner . Don’t be ‘a writer’-dd- Be writing-dd- William Faulkner . The truth is rarely pure and never simple-dd- Oscar Wilde . To define is to limit-dd- Oscar Wilde . The best fighter is never angry-dd- Lao Tzu . Be – don’t try to become-dd- Osho . Life begins where fear ends-dd- Osho . Whatever you feel, you become-dd- It is your responsibility-dd- Osho . Are you afraid of the good you might do-qq- Victor Hugo . The present is theirs; the future, for which I really worked, is mine-dd- Nikola Tesla . Full well do I know that in order to attain any definite goal, it is imperative that one person should do the thinking and commanding-dd- Albert Einstein . Learn to judge your moves by their long-term effects on people-dd- Robert Greene . Look for the thing you notice but no one else notices-dd- Rick Rubin . I’m just trying to think about the future and not be sad-dd- Elon Musk . The fears we don’t face become our limits-dd- Jim Kwik . What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out, which is the exact opposite-dd- Bertrand Russell . You can tell a pioneer by the arrows in his back-dd- Beverly Rubik . First, see clearly-dd- Next, act correctly-dd- Finally, endure and accept the world as it is-dd- Ryan Holiday . A poet should be so crafty with words that he is envied even for his pains-dd- Criss Jami . The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal-dd- Criss Jami . You are judges in this world by how well you bring things to an end-dd- A messy or incomplete conclusion can reverberate for years to come-dd- Robert Greene . Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent-dd- Victor Hugo . It was scary at first, but every great thing starts out a little scary, doesn’t it-qq-” Unknown . A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed-dd- Henrik Ibsen . Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . The spread of civilisation may be likened to a fire; first, a feeble spark, next a flickering flame, then a mighty blaze, ever increasing in speed and power-dd- Nikola Tesla . Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts-dd- Charles Dickens . Nothing in this world is harder than speaking the truth, nothing easier than flattery-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Arm yourself, my heart: the thing that you must do is fearful, yet inevitable-dd- Euripides . An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all-dd- Oscar Wilde . If anyone on the verge of action should judge himself according to the outcome, he would never begin-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . He who despairs is wrong-dd- Victor Hugo . The best thing a human being can do is to help another human being know more-dd- Charlie Munger . Don’t bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors-dd- Try to be better than yourself-dd- William Faulkner . Get it down-dd- Take chances-dd- It may be bad, but it’s the only way you can do anything good-dd- William Faulkner . Champions aren’t made in gyms-dd- Champions are made from something they have deep inside them – a desire, a dream, a vision-dd- They have to have the skill, and the will-dd- But the will must be stronger than the skill-dd- Muhammad Ali . The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments-dd- Gustave Flaubert . I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Power is not revealed by striking hard or often, but by striking true-dd- Honoré de Balzac . If you wish to be a mine of jewels, open the deep ocean within your heart-dd- Rumi . Patience with small details makes perfect a large work, like the universe-dd- Rumi . Come, seek, for search is the foundation of fortune: every success depends upon focusing the heart-xx- Rumi . To go wrong in one’s own way is better than to go right in someone else’s-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . If you want to overcome the whole world, overcome yourself-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Poetry is the rhythmical creation of beauty in words-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration-dd- Nikola Tesla . Be alone, that is the secret of invention; be alone, that is when ideas are born-dd- Nikola Tesla . The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Always go too far, because that’s where you’ll find the truth-dd- Albert Camus . Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar-dd- Sigmund Freud . Your very silence shows you agree-dd- Euripides . All great truths begin as blasphemies-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Some people are more certain of everything than I am of nothing-dd- Robert Rubin . Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves-dd- Albert Einstein . It isn’t the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out; it’s the pebble in your shoe-dd- Muhammad Ali . I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . I have great faith in fools – self-confidence my friends will call it-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . If you wish to forget anything on the spot, make a note that this thing is to be remembered-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . I wish I could write as mysterious as a cat-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . I do not think you can name many great inventions that have been made by married men-dd- Nikola Tesla . The last 29 days of the month are the toughest-xx- Nikola Tesla . It has been said that man is a rational animal-dd- All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this-dd- Bertrand Russell . A bus station is where a bus stops-dd- A train station is where a train stops-dd- On my desk, I have a work station… William Faulkner . Did you ever stop to think, and then forget to start again-qq- Winnie The Pooh . People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day-dd- Winnie The Pooh . They’re funny things, accidents-dd- You never have them till you’re having them-dd- Winnie The Pooh . We’re all pretty bizarre-dd- Some of us are just better at hiding it, that’s all-dd- Andrew, The Breakfast Club . Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood-dd- Oscar Wilde . Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people we personally dislike-dd- Oscar Wilde . When reason fails, the devil helps-xx- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Education: the path from cocky ignorance to miserable uncertainty-dd- Mark Twain . Out of all the things I have lost, I miss my mind the most-dd- Mark Twain . No tree, it is said, can grow to heaven unless its roots reach down to hell-dd- Carl Jung . Everything we call real is made of things that cannot be regarded as real-dd- Neils Bohr . God knows, I prefer people with anxieties, whose tomorrow is threatened by uncertainty-dd- Albert Einstein . All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . He in his madness prays for storms, and dreams that storms will bring him peace-dd- Leo Tolstoy . The passion for destruction is also a creative passion-dd- Mikhail Bakunin . One day we will be dead-dd- But today I’ll give it my best not to blame, complain, drain-dd- Today I’ll give my best not to regret or forget-dd- James Altucher . The problem is not to find the answer, it’s to face the answer-dd- Terence McKenna . If it is not necessary to decide, it is necessary not to decide-dd- Lord Acton . Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Science has not yet taught us if madness is or is not the sublimity of the intelligence-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . There is no truth-dd- There is only perception-dd- Gustave Flaubert . All the problems of older times were scarcity… now they’re all abundance based-dd- Naval Ravikant . Battle not with monsters, lest you become one and if you gaze into the abyss, the abyss also gazes into you-dd- Friederich Nietsche . Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not-dd- Both are equally terrifying-dd- Arthur C-dd- Clarke . I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind; yet strange, I am ungrateful to these teachers-dd- Kahlil Gibran . A man can do what he wants, but not want what he wants-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . He who opens a school door, closes a prison-dd- Victor Hugo . As with stomachs, we should pity minds that do not eat-dd- Victor Hugo . To be sane in a world of madman is in itself madness-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Civilization is a hopeless race to discover remedies for the evils it produces-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . I am not deep, but I am very wide-dd- Honoré de Balzac . What if everything in the world were a misunderstanding, what if laughter were really tears-qq- Soren Kierkegaard . I stick my finger into existence and it smells of nothing-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Question everything-dd- Learn something-dd- Answer nothing-dd- Euripides . Understand that half the game is keeping quiet, and carefully watching those around you-dd- Robert Greene . Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is-dd- Albert Camus . But in the end one needs more courage to live than to kill himself-dd- Albert Camus . The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Life is nothing but a competition to be the criminal rather than the victim-dd- Bertrand Russell . The public is wonderfully tolerant-dd- It forgives everything except genius-dd- Oscar Wilde . I am not young enough to know everything-dd- Oscar Wilde . Better a cruel truth than a comfortable delusion-dd- Edward Abbey . Common sense is in spite of, not the result of, education-dd- Victor Hugo . Every strength is also a weakness-dd- The opposite is true as well-dd- Neil Strauss . It’s not how well you play the game, it’s deciding what game you want to play-dd- Kwame Appiah . Where there is no sense of ownership, there is respect-dd- Where there is no hope, there is Truth-dd- Where there is no attachment, there is love-dd- Kapil Gupta . Believe in the you who believes in yourself-dd- Unknown . You don’t deserve what you don’t respect-dd- Unknown . You can have peace-dd- Or you can have freedom-dd- Don’t ever count on having both at once-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Ignoring isn’t the same as ignorance, you have to work at it-dd- Margaret Atwood . All that you are seeking is also seeking you-dd- Franz Kafka . There are two ways to be fooled-dd- One is to believe what isn’t true; the other is to refuse to believe what is true-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter-dd- When they separate, man is no more-dd- Nilola Tesla . The scientists of today think deeply instead of clearly-dd- One must be sane to think clearly, but one can think deeply and be quite insane-dd- Nikola Tesla . Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction-dd- No, read in order to live-dd- Gustave Flaubert . The public wants work which flatters its illusions-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Talent is a long patience, and originality an effort of will and intense observation-dd- Gustave Flaubert . People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . There are no weeds, and no worthless men-dd- There are only bad farmers-dd- Victor Hugo . Do not grow to fond of your ideas or too certain of their truth-dd- Robert Greene . Being good is easy, what is difficult is being just-dd- Victor Hugo . To put everything in balance is good, to put everything in harmony is better-dd- Victor Hugo . We must be free not because we claim freedom, but because we practice it-dd- William Faulkner . There is no exquisite beauty… without some strangeness in the proportion-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Education begins the gentleman, but reading, good company and reflection must finish him-dd- John Locke . Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours-dd- John Locke . The only reason we get lost in thought, is because it is unfamiliar territory-dd- Ashton Leinen . Everyone sees the unseen in proportion to the clarity of his heart-dd- Rumi . Sometimes a man wants to be stupid if it lets him do a thing his cleverness forbids-dd- John Steinbeck . The true genius shudders at incompleteness — imperfection — and usually prefers silence to saying the something which is not everything that should be said-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . A ‘no’ does not hide anything, but a ‘yes’ very easily becomes a deception-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Not to be absolutely certain is, I think, one of the essential things in rationality-dd- Bertrand Russell . There is a wisdom of the head, and… there is a wisdom of the heart-dd- Charles Dickens . We can know only that we know nothing-dd- And that is the highest degree of human wisdom-dd- Leo Tolstoy . There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self-dd- Ernest Hemingway . To think is easy-dd- To act is hard-dd- But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Nothing shows a man’s character more than what he laughs at-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Some rise by sin, and some by virtue fall-dd- William Shakespeare . You don’t love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear-dd- Oscar Wilde . The very essence of romance is uncertainty-dd- Oscar Wilde . When you’re in love, truly in love, you never have to question it-dd- Michael Faudet . When love itself comes to kiss you, don’t hold back-dd- Rumi . Love doesn’t die; the men and women do-dd- William Faulkner . The more one judges, the less one loves-dd- Honoré de Balzac . Years of love have been forgot, in the hatred of a minute-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . The sun loved the moon so much, he died every night just to let her breath-dd- Unknown . That’s what real love amounts to – letting a person be what he really is-dd- Most people love you for who you pretend to be-dd- Jim Morrison . Love is like a tree: it grows by itself, roots itself deeply in our being and continues to flourish over a heart in ruin-dd- Victor Hugo . The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the greatest intention-dd- Kahlil Gibran . When one is in love, a cliff becomes a meadow-dd- Ethiopian proverb . If love is a sickness, patience is the remedy-dd- Cameroon proverb . Love is the poetry of the senses-dd- Honoré de Balzac . Let your love be like the misty rain, coming softly but flooding the river-dd- Liberian proverb . If the full moon loves you, why worry about the stars-qq- Tunisian proverb . You know who you love but you can’t know who loves you-dd- Nigerian proverb . Where there is love, there is no darkness-dd- Burundi proverb . If you marry a monkey for its wealth, the money goes and the monkey remains-dd- Egyptian proverb . Don’t be so in love that you can’t tell when it’s raining-dd- Madagascar proverb . He who loves, love you with your dirt-dd- Ugandan proverb . A letter from the heart can be read on the face-dd- Kenyan proverb . Even as the archer loves the arrow that flies, so too he loves the bow that remains constant in his hands-dd- Nigerian proverb . Love, like rain, does not choose the grass on which it falls-dd- South African proverb . One who loves the vase, loves also what is inside-dd- Kenyan proverb . There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Hate is easy-dd- Love takes courage-dd- Unknown . It’s easy to fall in love-dd- The hard part is finding someone to catch you-dd- Bertrand Russell . I love you with so much of my heart that none is left to protest-dd- William Shakespeare . How do you spell ‘love’-qq- You don’t spell it, you feel it-dd- Winnie The Pooh . When love prevails, fear departs-dd- Rumi . The soul lives there in the silent breath-dd- Rumi . To die is nothing; but it is terrible not to live-dd- Victor Hugo . Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life-qq- Mary Oliver . If you haven’t found something strange during the day it hasn’t been much of a day-dd- John Wheeler . What do you despise-qq- By this are you truly known-dd- Frank Herbert . That little spark you feel as you heal-dd- That’s what life’s about-dd- Unknown . Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive-dd- Unknown . Life is the most difficult exam-dd- Many people fail because they try to copy others-dd- Not realizing that everyone has a different question paper-dd- Unknown . And you-qq- When will you begin that long journey into yourself-qq- Rumi . The individual is ephemeral, races and nations come and pass away, but man remains-dd- Nikola Tesla . Fashions have done more harm than revolutions-dd- Victor Hugo . The paradise of the rich is made out of the hell of the poor-dd- Victor Hugo . I belong to the opposition party, which is called life-dd- Honoré de Balzac . I prefer liberty with danger than peace with slavery-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Unless you’re ashamed of yourself now and then, you’re not honest-dd- William Faulkner . It’s not when you realise that nothing can help you – religion, pride, anything – it’s when you realise that you don’t need any aid-dd- William Faulkner . To live is the rarest thing in the world-dd- Most people exist, that is all-dd- Oscar Wilde . The good life is inspired by love and guided by knowledge-dd- Bertrand Russell . It is what you read when you don’t have to that determines what you will be when you can’t help it-dd- Oscar Wilde . Man is least himself when he talks in his own person-dd- Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth-dd- Oscar Wilde . One can be the master of what one does, but never of what one feels-dd- Gustave Flaubert . We must laugh and cry, enjoy and suffer, in a word, vibrate to our full capacity… I think that’s what being really human means-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Face the facts of being what you are, for that is what changes what you are-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing-dd- Oscar Wilde . We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities-dd- Oscar Wilde . But how could you live and have no story to tell-qq- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . The task is not so much to see what no one has yet seen; but to think what nobody has yet thought, about that which everybody sees-dd- Erwin Schrödinger . Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken-dd- Albert Camus . Let there be spaces in your togetherness-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life-dd- Seneca . It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor-dd- Seneca . Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do-dd- Voltaire . He who has a why to live can bear almost any how-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved-dd- Victor Hugo . The happiest people have endured the most pain-dd- Unknown . Being happy for someone else’s success makes you happier-dd- Russ Diemon . A happy person doesn’t have to convince other people they are happy-dd- Either you are or you’re not-dd- And if you are, you’re not taking selfies to show people-dd- Shane Parrish . You are searching the world for treasure, but the real treasure is yourself-dd- Rumi . Don’t underestimate the value of doing nothing, of just going along, listening to all the things you can’t hear, and not bothering-dd- Winnie The Pooh . The desire for more positive experience is itself a negative experience-dd- And, paradoxically, the acceptance of one’s negative experience is itself a positive experience-dd- Mark Manson . Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face-dd- Victor Hugo . Really high-minded people are indifferent to happiness, especially other people’s-dd- Bertrand Russell . To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness-dd- Bertrand Russell . How lucky am I to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard-dd- Winnie The Pooh . No one can be sad when they have a balloon-dd- Winnie The Pooh . If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all-dd- Oscar Wilde . You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of-dd- You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life-dd- Albert Camus . What can be added to the happiness of a man who is in health, out of debt, and has a clear conscience-qq- Adam Smith . Happiness is like those palaces in fairy tales whose gates are guarded by dragons: we must fight in order to conquer it-dd- Alexandre Dumas . I am not proud, but I am happy; and happiness blinds, I think, more than pride-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Maybe happiness too is a metaphor invented on a day of boredom-dd- Gustave Flaubert . All the mistakes I ever made in my life were when I wanted to say No, and said Yes-dd- Moss Hart . Many of us pursue pleasure with such breathless haste that we hurry past it-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Happiness is the greatest hiding place for despair-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you-dd- Lao Tzu . Every moment of happiness requires a great amount of ignorance-dd- Honoré de Balzac . I don’t believe that happiness is possible, but I think tranquility is-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Pleasure is found first in anticipation, later in memory-dd- Gustave Flaubert . The wound is the place where the light enters you-dd- Rumi . Whatever purifies you is the right path-dd- Rumi . If you trip while running down a hallway, you’ll get a nosebleed-dd- If you trip in life, you cry-dd- Minori . Worrying about rejection may be the same as rejecting yourself-dd- Kaga Kouko . Real depression is when you stop loving the things you love-dd- Unknown . It all begins and ends in your mind-dd- What you give power to has power over you-dd- Leon Brown . Yes, I’m smiling, but deep down I’m crying-dd- Unknown . Pain and suffering are always inevitable for a large intelligence and a deep heart-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Don’t grieve-dd- Anything you lose comes round in another form-dd- Rumi . Melancholy is the happiness of being sad-dd- Victor Hugo . The most common form of despair is not being who you are-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . The most painful state of being is remembering the future, particularly the one you’ll never have-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . If you dig a pit for others to fall into, you will fall into it yourself-dd- Rumi . When you’re happy you enjoy the music, when you’re sad you understand the lyrics-dd- Unknown . The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again-dd- Charles Dickens . There is prodigious strength in sorrow and despair-dd- Charles Dickens . Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . I remained too much inside my head and ended up losing my mind-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Mostly it is loss which teaches us about the worth of things-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Anger clouds the mind-dd- Turned inward, it is an unconquerable enemy-dd- Splinter, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles . Solitude is fine, but you need someone to tell you that solitude is fine-dd- Honoré de Balzac . Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise-dd- Victor Hugo . Not being heard is no reason for silence-dd- Victor Hugo . Those who do not weep, do not see-dd- Victor Hugo . A writer is a world trapped in a person-dd- Victor Hugo . Every blade has two edges; he who wounds with one wounds himself with the other-dd- Victor Hugo . Man is sometimes extraordinarily, passionately, in love with suffering… Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Boredom is the root of all evil – the despairing refusal to be oneself-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Waste not fresh tears over old griefs-dd- Euripides . Boredom: the desire for desires-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Death is nothing, but to live defeated is to die every day-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . To die laughing must be the most glorious of all glorious deaths-xx- Edgar Allan Poe . Every poem should remind the reader that they are going to die-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Everybody’s going to die, and nobody’s going to remember you, so fuck it-dd- Billie Eilish . Don’t be afraid of death, Winnie-dd- Be afraid of the un-lived life-dd- Angus Tuck, Tuck Everlasting . This is our big mistake: to think we look forward to death-dd- Most of death is already gone-dd- Whatever time has passed is owned by death-dd- Seneca . The risks you keep taking, the challenges you keep overcoming, are like symbolic deaths that sharpen your appreciation for life-dd- Robert Greene . This could be your last throw of the dice: make it count-dd- Robert Greene . To avoid pain, they avoid pleasure-dd- To avoid death, they avoid life-dd- Osho . It is necessary to have wished for death in order to know how good it is to live-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Death must be so beautiful-dd- To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one’s head, and listen to silence-dd- To have no yesterday, and no tomorrow-dd- To forget time, to forgive life, to be at peace-dd- Oscar Wilde . The real question is not whether life exists after death-dd- The real question is whether you are alive before death-dd- Osho . You could leave life right now-dd- Let that determine what you do and say and think-dd- Marcus Aurelius . To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . Death ends a life, not a relationship-dd- Mitch Albom . I don’t want to die without any scars-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . A friend to all is a friend to none-dd- Aristotle . I like men who have a future and women who have a past-dd- Oscar Wilde . I don’t want to go to heaven-dd- None of my friends are there-dd- Oscar Wilde . On the path of love, friend and stranger are one and the same-dd- Rumi . A day without a friend is like a pot without a single drop of honey left inside-dd- Winnie The Pooh . I think we dream so we don’t have to be apart for so long-dd- If we’re in each other’s dreams, we can be together all the time-dd- Winnie The Pooh . You will encounter thousands of various individuals in your life, and the ability to see them as they are will prove invaluable-dd- Robert Greene . Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain-dd- It’s not something you learn in school-dd- But if you haven’t learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven’t learned anything-dd- Muhammad Ali . The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances; if there is any reaction, both are transformed-dd- Carl Jung . Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other-dd- Honoré de Balzac . I have learned that to be with those I like is enough-dd- Walt Whitman . You don’t meet people by accident-dd- There’s always a reason-dd- A lesson or a blessing-dd- Unknown . Sometimes home isn’t four walls, it’s two eyes and a heartbeat-dd- Unknown . Friendship consists in forgetting what one gives and remembering what one receives-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is by far the best ending for one-dd- Oscar Wilde . If you treat an individual as he is, he will remain how he is-dd- But if you treat him as if he were what he ought to be and could be, he will become what he ought to be and could be-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . It’s not at all hard to understand a person; it’s only hard to listen without bias-dd- Criss Jami . The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, not the kindly smile, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when you discover that someone else believes in you and is willing to trust you with a friendship-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born-dd- Anaïs Nin . The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody-dd- Mark Twain . The trouble is not in dying for a friend, but in finding a friend worth dying for-dd- Mark Twain . Never lose hope, my heart-dd- Miracles dwell in the invisible-dd- Rumi . The need for certainty is the greatest disease the mind faces-dd- Robert Greene . We are saved by faith alone, but the faith that saves is never alone-dd- Martin Luther . No prayer is complete without presence-dd- Rumi . Believe nothing you hear, and only one half that you see-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Trust yourself more and others less-dd- Robert Greene . The truth may be out there, but the lies are inside your head-dd- Terry Pratchett . The first principle is that you must not fool yourself – and you are the easiest person to fool-dd- Richard Feynman . You are awareness-dd- You are mind-dd- You are not from this world-dd- I mean, think about it, could you really be from here-qq- Frederick Lenz . You call it hope — that fire of fire-xx- It is but agony of desire-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . My brain is only a receiver, in the Universe there is a core from which we obtain knowledge, strength and inspiration-dd- I have not penetrated into the secrets of this core, but I know that it exists-dd- Nikola Tesla . All that was great in the past was ridiculed, condemned, combated, suppressed — only to emerge all the more powerfully, all the more triumphantly from the struggle-dd- Nikola Tesla . You are braver than you believe-dd- Strong than you seem-dd- And smarter than you think-dd- Winnie The Pooh . Power can be taken, but not given-dd- The process of the taking is empowerment in itself-dd- Gloria Steinem . Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable-dd- Oz, The Wizard of Oz . Power is not miraculous, but intrinsically human and accessible to us all-dd- Robert Greene . There is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come-dd- Victor Hugo . You have to keep breaking your heart until it opens-dd- Rumi . Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace-dd- Victor Hugo . Change your opinions, keep to your principles; change your leaves, keep intact your roots-dd- Victor Hugo . Doubt is an illness that comes from knowledge and leads to madness-dd- Gustave Flaubert . The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . It is so hard to believe because it is so hard to obey-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong-dd- Bertrand Russell . Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Daring ideas are like chessmen moved forward-dd- They may be beaten, but they may start a winning game-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . ‎Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats-dd- Voltaire . Courage is knowing what not to fear-dd- Plato . To be radical is to grasp things by the root-dd- Karl Marx . People spend too much time doing and not enough time thinking about what they should be doing-dd- Naval Ravikant . Doubt is the origin of wisdom-dd- Augustine of Hippo . The truest wisdom is a resolute determination-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Science is organized knowledge-dd- Wisdom is organized life-dd- Immanuel Kant . Foolishness is a twin sister of wisdom-dd- Witold Gombrowicz . Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it-dd- Albert Einstein . Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use-dd- Thomas J-dd- Watson . It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor-dd- Seneca . A wise man never loses anything, if he has himself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom-dd- Francis Bacon . Discipline is wisdom and vice versa-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . The fool wonders, the wise man asks-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change-dd- Confucius . Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens-dd- Jimi Hendrix . To attain knowledge, add things everyday-dd- To attain wisdom, remove things every day-dd- Lao Tzu . Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life-dd- Hermann Hesse . We can know only that we know nothing-dd- And that is the highest degree of human wisdom-dd- Leo Tolstoy . There is only a finger’s difference between a wise man and a fool-dd- Diogenes . Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end-dd- Leonard Nimoy . What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness-qq- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Everything comes in time to him who knows how to wait-dd- Leo Tolstoy . A fool is known by his speech; and a wise man by silence-dd- Pythagoras . A weak reaction is to rush things-dd- A strong reaction is to go slow and steady-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Never say no twice if you mean it-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . We don’t receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us-dd- Marcel Proust . Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children-dd- Kahlil Gibran . A man has made at least a start on discovering the meaning of human life when he plants shade trees under which he knows full well he will never sit-dd- David Elton Trueblood . The motto of chivalry is also the motto of wisdom; to serve all, but love only one-dd- Honore De Balzac . He gossips habitually; he lacks the common wisdom to keep still that deadly enemy of man, his own tongue-dd- Mark Twain . Memory is not wisdom; idiots can by rote repeat volumes-dd- Yet what is wisdom without memory-qq- Martin Farquhar Tupper . Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment-dd- Lao Tzu . The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment-dd- Will Rogers . Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom-dd- Thomas Jefferson . The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing-dd- Socrates . Wisdom and deep intelligence require an honest appreciation of mystery-dd- Thomas Moore (This is one of my favorite wisdom quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Wisdom is knowing when you can’t be wise-dd- Paul Engle . Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences-dd- Norman Cousins . Wisdom is the knowledge of good and evil, not the strength to choose between the two-dd- John Cheever . The two powers which in my opinion constitute a wise man are those of bearing and forbearing-dd- Epictetus . Wisdom is not finally tested in the schools-dd- Wisdom cannot be passed from one having it to another not having it-dd- Wisdom is of the soul, is not susceptible of proof, is its own proof-dd- Walt Whitman . Wisdom and understanding can only become the possession of individual men by travelling the old road of observation, attention, perseverance, and industry-dd- Samuel Smiles . Wisdom is keeping a sense of fallibility of all our views and opinions-dd- Gerald Brenan . Much wisdom often goes with fewest words-dd- Sophocles . He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Stronger by weakness, wiser men become-dd- Edmund Waller . Be there a will, and wisdom finds a way-dd- George Crabbe . Reality – Dreams = Animal Being-dd- Reality + Dreams = A Heart-Ache (usually called Idealism)-dd- Reality + Humor = Realism (also called Conservatism)-dd- Dreams – Humor = Fanaticism-dd- Dreams + Humor = Fantasy-dd- Reality + Dreams + Humor = Wisdom-dd- Lin Yutang . Do now what your future you will thank you for-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Fast thinking looks cool but it’s deep thinking that makes all the difference-dd- And deep thinking is always slow thinking-dd- The Ancient Sage . Who then is free-qq- The wise man who can command himself-dd- Horace . He who would begun has half done-dd- Dare to be wise; begin-dd- Horace . Man is wise and constantly in quest of more wisdom; but the ultimate wisdom, which deals with beginnings, remains locked in a seed-dd- There it lies, the simplest fact of the universe and at the same time the one which calls forth faith rather than reason-dd- Hal Borland . Self-knowledge is the beginning of wisdom, which is the ending of fear-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Do what you will, withdraw to the mountains, sit in a forest, you cannot live in isolation-dd- You can live only in relationship, and as long as relationship is not understood, there can be no right action-dd- Right action comes in understanding relationship, which reveals the process of oneself-dd- Self-knowledge is the beginning of wisdom, it is a field of affection, warmth, and love, therefore a field rich with flowers-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . First of all, to understand truth you must stand alone, entirely and wholly alone-dd- No Master, no teacher, no guru, no system, no self-discipline will ever lift for you the veil which conceals wisdom-dd- Wisdom is the understanding of enduring values and the living of those values-dd- No one can lead you to wisdom-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Our concern in meditation is to know oneself, not only superficially, but the whole content of the inner, hidden consciousness-dd- Without knowing all that and being free of its conditioning, you cannot possibly go beyond the mind’s limits-dd- That is why the thought process must cease, and for this cessation there must be knowledge of oneself-dd- Therefore meditation is the beginning of wisdom, which is the understanding of one’s own mind and heart-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Men who know themselves are no longer fools-dd- They stand on the threshold of the door of wisdom-dd- Havelock Ellis . Wisdom consists not so much in knowing what to do in the ultimate as knowing what to do next-dd- Herbert Hoover . If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum-dd- Holly Near . The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good-dd- Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom-dd- James Allen . One part of wisdom is knowing what you don’t need anymore and letting it go-dd- Jane Fonda . Seek wisdom along with knowledge-dd- Knowledge is words-dd- Wisdom is silent-dd- Knowledge is understanding what is seen-dd- Wisdom is knowing what is not seen-dd- Without knowledge, one could not play the violin-dd- Without wisdom, one could not play the music-dd- Thibaut . We’re all going to change-dd- Otherwise, it’s boring-dd- Alicia Keys . Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The gateways to wisdom and learning are always open, and more and more I am choosing to walk through them-dd- Barriers, blocks, obstacles, and problems are personal teachers giving me the opportunity to move out of the past and into the Totality of Possibilities-dd- Louise L-dd- Hay . True wisdom is remembering that in the end, no matter what, everything will be fine-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Follow your instincts-dd- That’s where true wisdom manifests itself-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Turn your wounds into wisdom-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Every journey that is successful has culs-de-sac and speed bumps-dd- I carry a wisdom gene through my life through the good, the bad, and the ugly-dd- Peter Guber . Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech-dd- Plutarch . There is a universal, intelligent, life force that exists within everyone and everything-dd- It resides within each one of use as a deep wisdom, an inner knowing-dd- We can access this wonderful source of knowledge and wisdom through our intuition, an inner sense that tells us what feels right and true for us at any given moment-dd- Shakti Gawain . Seek your own reality, that is what a wise man should do-dd- Sri Sathya Sai Baba . If the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise-dd- William Blake . Knowledge shrinks as wisdom grows-dd- Alfred North Whitehead . Memory is the mother of all wisdom-dd- Aeschylus . Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers-dd- Alfred Lord Tennyson . One principle eliminates a thousand decisions-dd- Johnny Uzan . Don’t even try to become, just be-dd- (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Wisdom begins at the end-dd- Daniel Webster . Wise it is to comprehend the whole-dd- Edward Young . Wisdom comes by disillusionment-dd- George Santayana . Wisdom never lies-dd- Homer . Wisdom sails with wind and time-dd- John Florio . Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has-dd- Josh Billings . Never does nature say one thing and wisdom another-dd- Juvenal . The wisest of the wise may err-dd- Aeschylus . Knowledge is marvelous, but wisdom is even better-dd- Kay Redfield Jamison . Pain is the doorway to wisdom and to truth-dd- Keith Miller . No man was ever wise by chance-dd- Seneca . It is wiser to find out than to suppose-dd- Mark Twain . Wisdom is knowledge which has become a part of one’s being-dd- Orison Swett Marden . Kindness is wisdom-dd- Philip James Bailey . Cunning… is but the low mimic of wisdom-dd- Plato . Not by age but by capacity is wisdom acquired-dd- Plautus . Wisdom begins in wonder-dd- Socrates . The beginning of wisdom is to desire it-dd- Solomon Ibn Gabirol . Wisdom outweighs any wealth-dd- Sophocles . The wise are those who know the Self-dd- Sri Sathya Sai Baba . Caution is the eldest child of wisdom-dd- Victor Hugo . Great wisdom is generous; petty wisdom is contentious-dd- Zhuangzi . The sum of human wisdom is not contained in any one language, and no single language is capable of expressing all forms and degrees of human comprehension-dd- Ezra Pound . As one grows older, one becomes wiser and more foolish-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . More helpful than all wisdom is one draught of simple human pity that will not forsake us-dd- George Eliot . Wisdom is the oneness of mind that guides and permeated all things-dd- Heraclitus . Because in the school of the Spirit man learns wisdom through humility, knowledge by forgetting, how to speak by silence, how to live by dying-dd- Johannes Tauler . True wisdom listens more, talks less and can get along with all types of people-dd- Kiana Tom . Always keep your mind as bright and clear as the vast sky, the great ocean, and the highest peak, empty of all thoughts-dd- Always keep your body filled with light and heat-dd- Fill yourself with the power of wisdom and enlightenment-dd- Morihei Ueshiba . It is the province of knowledge to speak, and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom-dd- Robert Frost . It is a profitable thing, if one is wise, to seem foolish-dd- Aeschylus . The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself a fool-dd- Anatole France . Mixing one’s wines may be a mistake, but old and new wisdom mix admirably-dd- Bertolt Brecht . Back of every mistaken venture and defeat is the laughter of wisdom, if you listen-dd- Carl Sandburg . Silence is foolish if we are wise, but wise if we are foolish-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one-dd- Diogenes . Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you’d have preferred to talk-dd- Doug Larson . It is human nature to think wisely and act foolishly-dd- Anatole France . If a million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing-dd- Anatole France . The ‘wisdom of the crowds’ is the most ridiculous statement I’ve heard in my life-dd- Crowds are dumb-dd- Drew Curtis . Kisses are a better fate than wisdom-dd- E-dd- E-dd- Cummings . Who in their infinite wisdom decreed that Little League uniforms be white-qq- Certainly not a mother-dd- Erma Bombeck . I am thinking of taking a fifth wife-dd- Why not-qq- Solomon had a thousand wives and he is a synonym for wisdom-dd- John Barrymore . In seeking wisdom thou art wise; in imagining that thou hast attained it – thou art a fool-dd- Lord Chesterfield . It is not white hair that engenders wisdom-dd- Menander . He was a wise man who invented beer-dd- Plato . I tweet, therefore my entire life has shrunk to 140 character chunks of instant event and predigested gnomic wisdom-dd- And swearing-dd- Neil Gaiman (On Twitter) . Gray hairs are signs of wisdom if you hold your tongue, speak and they are but hairs, as in the young-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . To keep your secret is wisdom; but to expect others to keep it is folly-dd- Samuel Johnson . If suffering brings wisdom, I would wish to be less wise-dd- William Butler Yeats . Look wise, say nothing, and grunt-dd- Speech was given to conceal thought-dd- William Osler . I prefer the folly of enthusiasm to the indifference of wisdom-dd- Anatole France . The most important lesson of New Labour is this: Every time we made progress we did it by challenging the conventional wisdom-dd- Ed Miliband . Sometimes one likes foolish people for their folly, better than wise people for their wisdom-dd- Elizabeth Gaskell . All human wisdom works and has worries and grief as reward-dd- Johann Georg Hamann . Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy-dd- Ludwig van Beethoven . Learning and wisdom are superfluities, the surface glitter merely, but it is the heart that is the seat of all power-dd- Swami Sivananda . I would rather be a man of paradoxes than a man of prejudices-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . To be sane in a world of madman is in itself madness-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Wisdom comes from experience-dd- Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom-dd- Terry Pratchett . The wise man belongs to all countries, for the home of a great soul is the whole world-dd- Democritus . If you succeed in judging yourself rightly, then you are indeed a man of true wisdom-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupéry . Cleverness is like a lens with a very sharp focus-dd- Wisdom is more like a wide-angle lens-dd- Edward de Bono . For everything you have missed, you have gained something else, and for everything you gain, you lose something else-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Before you react, think-dd- Before you spend, earn-dd- Before you criticize, wait-dd- Before you quit, try-dd- Ernest Hemingway . The animal acts and does not reflect-dd- The indecisive man reflects and does not act-dd- The average man reflects after he acts-dd- The wise man reflects before he acts-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Just as a fire is covered by smoke and a mirror is obscured by dust, just as the embryo rests deep within the womb, wisdom is hidden by selfish desire-dd- Bhagavad Gita . Out of compassion I destroy the darkness of their ignorance-dd- From within them I light the lamp of wisdom and dispel all darkness from their lives-dd- Bhagavad Gita . It is unwise to be too sure of one’s own wisdom-dd- It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The clouds may drop down titles and estates, and wealth may seek us, but wisdom must be sought-dd- Edward Young . The first point of wisdom is to discern that which is false; the second, to know that which is true-dd- Lactantius . We will be known forever by the tracks we leave-dd- Dakota (Native American saying) . Has fortune dealt you some bad cards-dd- Then let wisdom make you a good gamester-dd- Francis Quarles . We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost; the old that is strong does not wither, deep roots are not reached by the frost-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . Genius unrefined resembles a flash of lightning, but wisdom is like the sun-dd- Franz Grillparzer . Talent is like the marksman who hits a target which others cannot reach; genius is like the marksman who hits a target… which others cannot even see-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Contemplation and wisdom are highest achievements and man is not totally at home with them-dd- Gabriel Marcel . Real wisdom is not the knowledge of everything, but the knowledge of which things in life are necessary, which are less necessary, and which are completely unnecessary to know-dd- Leo Tolstoy . What we call wisdom is the result of all the wisdom of past ages-dd- Our best institutions are like young trees growing upon the roots of the old trunks that have crumbled away-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . It’s wisdom to recognize necessity, when all other courses have been weighed, though as folly it may appear to those who cling to false hope-dd- J-dd- R-dd- R-dd- Tolkien . We can be knowledgeable with other men’s knowledge but we cannot be wise with other men’s wisdom-dd- Michel de Montaigne . The small wisdom is like water in a glass: clear, transparent, pure-dd- The great wisdom is like the water in the sea: dark, mysterious, impenetrable-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . We can’t really digest food unless there’s hunger-dd- So we can’t really assimilate spiritual wisdom unless we feel the need for it-dd- Radhanath Swami . Innocence dwells with wisdom, but never with ignorance-dd- William Blake . If you have the insight of non-self, if you have the insight of impermanence, you should make that insight into a concentration that you keep alive throughout the day-dd- Then what you say, what you think, and what you do will then be in the light of that wisdom and you will avoid making mistakes and creating suffering-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Counsel woven into the fabric of real life is wisdom-dd- Walter Benjamin . It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf-dd- Walter Lippmann . Wisdom is the knowledge of good and evil, not the strength to choose between the two-dd- John Cheever . The end of wisdom is to dream high enough to lose the dream in the seeking of it-dd- William Faulkner . In the vain laughter of folly wisdom hears half its applause-dd- George Eliot . Who is wise in love, love most, say least-dd- Alfred Lord Tennyson . Life is about execution rather than purpose-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . There’s a beauty to wisdom and experience that cannot be faked-dd- It’s impossible to be mature without having lived-dd- Amy Grant . In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration-dd- Ansel Adams . Wise people, even though all laws were abolished, would still lead the same life-dd- Aristophanes . A loving heart is the truest wisdom-dd- Charles Dickens . Putting is like wisdom – partly a natural gift and partly the accumulation of experience-dd- Arnold Palmer . You can’t be wise and in love at the same time-dd- Bob Dylan . Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance-dd- Francis of Assisi . There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart-dd- Charles Dickens . If we have built on the fragile cornerstones of human wisdom, pride, and conditional love, things may look good for a while, but a weak foundation causes collapse when storms hit-dd- Charles Stanley . Wisdom acquisition is a moral duty-dd- It’s not something you do just to advance in life-dd- Wisdom acquisition is a moral duty-dd- As a corollary to that proposition which is very important, it means that you are hooked for lifetime learning-dd- And without lifetime learning, you people are not going to do very well-dd- You are not going to get very far in life based on what you already know-dd- You’re going to advance in life by what you learn after you leave here-dd- Charlie Munger . The good and the wise lead quiet lives-dd- Euripides . It is necessary to take what is common as our guide; however, though this logic is universal, the many live as if each individual has his own private wisdom-dd- Heraclitus . Though wisdom is common, yet the many live as if they had a wisdom of their own-dd- Heraclitus . Without wisdom, the future has no meaning, no valuable purpose-dd- Herbie Hancock . Wisdom is that apprehension of heavenly things to which the spirit rises through love-dd- Honore De Balzac . The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom-dd- Isaac Asimov . Learning sleeps and snores in libraries, but wisdom is everywhere, wide awake, on tiptoe-dd- Josh Billings . Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Wisdom does not show itself so much in precept as in life – in a firmness of mind and mastery of appetite-dd- It teaches us to do as well as talk; and to make our actions and words all of a color-dd- Seneca . The sublimity of wisdom is to do those things living, which are to be desired when dying-dd- Norman Douglas . Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise-dd- Samuel Johnson . Practical wisdom is only to be learned in the school of experience-dd- Precepts and instruction are useful so far as they go, but, without the discipline of real life, they remain of the nature of theory only-dd- Samuel Smiles . The experience gathered from books, though often valuable, is but the nature of learning; whereas the experience gained from actual life is one of the nature of wisdom-dd- Samuel Smiles . The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind-dd- Ella Wheeler Wilcox . It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them-dd- Epictetus . There is this difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man, really is so; but he that thinks himself the wisest, is generally the greatest fool-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . The weak have remedies, the wise have joys; superior wisdom is superior bliss-dd- Edward Young . No matter how thin you slice it, there will always be two sides-dd- Baruch Spinoza . He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has-dd- Epictetus . It is impossible to live a pleasant life without living wisely and well and justly-dd- And it is impossible to live wisely and well and justly without living a pleasant life-dd- Epicurus . The final wisdom of life requires not the annulment of incongruity but the achievement of serenity within and above it-dd- Reinhold Niebuhr . Be happy-dd- It’s one way of being wise-dd- Sidonie Gabrielle Colette . There is no happiness where there is no wisdom-dd- Sophocles . The wise are cheerful and content with their lot in life-dd- Sri Sathya Sai Baba . We humans have lost the wisdom of genuinely resting and relaxing-dd- We worry too much-dd- We don’t allow our bodies to heal, and we don’t allow our minds and hearts to heal-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . I’m not wise, but the beginning of wisdom is there; it’s like relaxing into – and an acceptance of – things-dd- Tina Turner . Let us be silent, content in our little corner, meek and gentle like them-dd- That is the wisdom of life-dd- W-dd- Somerset Maugham . Nothing is more simple than greatness; indeed, to be simple is to be great-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Complexity is enemy of execution-dd- Tony Robbins . People don’t need more stuff, they need more wisdom-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The most complicated skill is to be simple-dd- Dejan Stojanovic . The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions-dd- Confucius . Simplicity will stand out, while complexity will get lost in the crowd-dd- Kevin Barnett . Fools ignore complexity-dd- Geniuses remove it-dd- Alan Perlis . Possessions, outward success, publicity, luxury – to me these have always been contemptible-dd- I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best for both the body and the mind-dd- Albert Einstein . Nature is pleased with simplicity-dd- And nature is no dummy-dd- Isaac Newton . It is always the simple that produces the marvelous-dd- Amelia Barr . Simplicity is ultimately a matter of focus-dd- Ann Voskamp . To be satisfied with a little, is the greatest wisdom; and he that increaseth his riches, increaseth his cares; but a contented mind is a hidden treasure, and trouble findeth it not-dd- Akhenaton . Truth is ever to be found in the simplicity, and not in the multiplicity and confusion of things-dd- Isaac Newton . I do believe in simplicity-dd- It is astonishing as well as sad, how many trivial affairs even the wisest thinks he must attend to in a day; how singular an affair he thinks he must omit-dd- When the mathematician would solve a difficult problem, he first frees the equation of all incumbrances, and reduces it to its simplest terms-dd- So simplify the problem of life, distinguish the necessary and the real-dd- Probe the earth to see where your main roots run-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Every morning was a cheerful invitation to make my life of equal simplicity, and I may say innocence, with Nature herself-dd- Henry David Thoreau . As you simplify your life, the laws of the Universe will be simpler; solitude will not be solitude, poverty will not be poverty, nor weakness weakness-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone-dd- The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of non-essentials-dd- Lin Yutang . In character, in manner, in style, in all things, the supreme excellence is simplicity-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . Or, rather, let us be more simple and less vain-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . The greatest ideas are the simplest-dd- William Golding . To light one candle to God and another to the Devil is the principle of wisdom-dd- Jose Bergamin . Earthly wisdom is doing what comes naturally-dd- Godly wisdom is doing what the Holy Spirit compels us to do-dd- Charles Stanley . Science investigates religion interprets-dd- Science gives man knowledge which is power religion gives man wisdom which is control-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If we believe in a God at all, we must surely ascribe to him perfection of wisdom and perfection of goodness; we are then forced to conceive of Him – however strange it may sound to those who believe, not only without seeing but also without thinking – as without will, because He must always necessarily pursue the course which is wisest and best-dd- Annie Besant . The Divine wisdom has given us prayer, not as a means whereby to obtain the good things of earth, but as a means whereby we learn to do without them; not as a means whereby we escape evil, but as a means whereby we become strong to meet it-dd- Frederick William Robertson . God the Father, the supreme Architect, had already built this cosmic home we behold, the most sacred temple of His godhead, by the laws of His mysterious wisdom-dd- Giovanni Pico della Mirandola . The marvel of the Bhagavad-Gita is its truly beautiful revelation of life’s wisdom which enables philosophy to blossom into religion-dd- Hermann Hesse . There is no such thing as human wisdom; all is the providence of God-dd- John Adams . This fear of the Lord is indeed the beginning of wisdom-dd- This consciousness of sin is the straight pathway to heaven-dd- Joseph Barber Lightfoot . As you walk in God’s divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life-dd- Joseph Prince . The best way to obtain truth and wisdom is not to ask from books, but to go to God in prayer, and obtain divine teaching-dd- Joseph Smith Jr . The just man loves God for nothing, neither for this nor for that, and if God gave him wisdom or anything else he had to give, except himself, the just man would not look at it, nor would it be to his taste; for he wants nothing, seeks nothing, and has no reason for doing anything-dd- Meister Eckhart . God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference-dd- Reinhold Niebuhr . Your task is to build a better world, God said-dd- I answered, How-qq- This world is such a large, vast place, and there’s nothing I can do that seems to matter-dd- But God in all His wisdom said, just build a better you-dd- . The harder you ask for something, and work for it, the better your chances of getting it-dd- The question is, are you working hard and asking for it-qq- Maxime Lagacé . A man may learn wisdom even from a foe-dd- Aristophanes . The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated by quotations-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . The doors of wisdom are never shut-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Uncertainty is the root of all progress and all growth-dd- We cannot learn anything without first not knowing something-dd- Mark Manson . The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing-dd- John Powell . The young man knows the rules but the old man knows the exceptions-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr . The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it-dd- David Starr Jordan . Passive acceptance of the teacher’s wisdom is easy to most boys and girls-dd- It involves no effort of independent thought, and seems rational because the teacher knows more than his pupils; it is moreover the way to win the favour of the teacher unless he is a very exceptional man-dd- Yet the habit of passive acceptance is a disastrous one in later life-dd- It causes man to seek and to accept a leader, and to accept as a leader whoever is established in that position-dd- Bertrand Russell . Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom-dd- Bodhidharma . Wisdom is not words written in some book-dd- Wisdom is a costly acquisition-dd- It comes from personally paying the price for one’s actions-dd- It is iterated learning from years of experience-dd- The Ancient Sage . Wisdom is achieved by keeping an open mind and a closed mouth-dd- Ignorance is exposed by having an open mouth and a closed mind-dd- Jim Stovall . The stupidity of people comes from having an answer for everything-dd- The wisdom of the novel comes from having a question for everything-dd- Milan Kundera . There is no knowledge, no light, no wisdom that you are in possession of, but what you have received it from some source-dd- Brigham Young . Much of the wisdom of one age, is the folly of the next-dd- Charles Simmons . Wisdom is the right use of knowledge-dd- To know is not to be wise-dd- Many men know a great deal, and are all the greater fools for it-dd- There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool-dd- But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom-dd- Charles Spurgeon . There is as much wisdom in listening as there is in speaking – and that goes for all relationships, not just romantic ones-dd- Daniel Dae Kim . No one ever found wisdom without also being a fool-dd- Erica Jong . A prudent question is one-half of wisdom-dd- Francis Bacon . The hunger for facile wisdom is the root of all false philosophy-dd- George Santayana . Books are the ever burning lamps of accumulated wisdom-dd- George William Curtis . The art of knowing is knowing what to ignore-dd- James Altucher . Abundance of knowledge does not teach men to be wise-dd- Heraclitus . You can practice to attain knowledge, but you can’t practice to attain wisdom-dd- Herbie Hancock . Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom-dd- One can find it, live it, be fortified by it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it-dd- Hermann Hesse . Wisdom is not wisdom when it is derived from books alone-dd- Horace . When you’re used to being prepared to reject conventional wisdom, it leaves you open to learn more-dd- Mayim Bialik . An educator is not merely a giver of information; he is one who points the way to wisdom, to truth-dd- Truth is far more important than the teacher-dd- The search for truth is religion, and truth is of no country, of no creed, it is not to be found in any temple, church or mosque-dd- Without the search for truth, society soon decays-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Sciences may be learned by rote, but wisdom not-dd- Laurence Sterne . If I don’t have wisdom, I can teach you only ignorance-dd- Leo Buscaglia . There are many things of which a wise man might wish to be ignorant-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . If you don’t understand yourself you don’t understand anybody else-dd- Nikki Giovanni . The virtue of justice consists in moderation, as regulated by wisdom-dd- Aristotle . A monarchy conducted with infinite wisdom and infinite benevolence is the most perfect of all possible governments-dd- Ezra Stiles . Democracy is a pathetic belief in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . I learned some valuable lessons about the legislative process, the importance of bipartisan cooperation and the wisdom of taking small steps to get a big job done-dd- Hillary Clinton . Government is a contrivance of human wisdom to provide for human wants-dd- People have the right to expect that these wants will be provided for by this wisdom-dd- Jimmy Carter . History is filled with tragic examples of wars that result from diplomatic impasse-dd- Whether in our local communities or in international relations, the skillful use of our communicative capacities to negotiate and resolve differences is the first evidence of human wisdom-dd- Daisaku Ikeda . The wisdom and experience of older people is a resource of inestimable worth-dd- Recognizing and treasuring the contributions of older people is essential to the long-term flourishing of any society-dd- Daisaku Ikeda . What if, for starters, instead of constantly trying to prove how much smarter we are than others, we look for the intelligence in what others do-dd- Neil Strauss . We learned in World War II that no single nation holds a monopoly on wisdom, morality or right to power, but that we must fight for the weak and promote democracy-dd- Joe Baca . I look forward to a great future for America – a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . In the frank expression of conflicting opinions lies the greatest promise of wisdom in governmental action-dd- Louis D-dd- Brandeis . I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be-dd- Thomas Jefferson . All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope-dd- Alexandre Dumas . To wisdom belongs the intellectual apprehension of things eternal; to knowledge, the rational apprehension of things temporal-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Both in thought and in feeling, even though time be real, to realise the unimportance of time is the gate of wisdom-dd- Bertrand Russell . Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit-dd- Elbert Hubbard . The wisdom acquired with the passage of time is a useless gift unless you share it-dd- Esther Williams . Patience is the companion of wisdom-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Wisdom too often never comes, and so one ought not to reject it merely because it comes late-dd- Felix Frankfurter . Wisdom not only gets, but once got, retains-dd- Francis Quarles . Morality comes with the sad wisdom of age, when the sense of curiosity has withered-dd- Graham Greene . The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . A man begins cutting his wisdom teeth the first time he bites off more than he can chew-dd- Herb Caen . To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom, and one of the most difficult chapters in the great art of living-dd- Herman Melville . No wise man ever wished to be younger-dd- Jonathan Swift . Time is a companion that goes with us on a journey-dd- It reminds us to cherish each moment, because it will never come again-dd- What we leave behind is not as important as how we have lived-dd- Captain Jean-Luc Picard (Star Trek) . At sixty, I know little more about wisdom than I did at thirty, but I know a great deal more about folly-dd- Mason Cooley . The wisdom of age: don’t stop walking-dd- Mason Cooley . Time ripens all things; no man is born wise-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure-dd- William Blake . The wise man does not grow old, but ripens-dd- Victor Hugo . Action should culminate in wisdom-dd- Bhagavad Gita . Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own-dd- Aesop . Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Wisdom comes only through suffering-dd- Aeschylus . He who learns must suffer, and, even in our sleep, pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God-dd- Aeschylus . When you have success, be extra wary-dd- When you are angry, take no action-dd- When you are fearful, know you are going to exaggerate the dangers you face-dd- Robert Greene . Advice for nearly everything: start slowly and maintain traction-dd- Michael . The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it-dd- Criss Jami . If you want to change the fruits, you will first have to change the roots-dd- If you want to change the visible, you must first change the invisible-dd- T-dd- Harv Ecker . True wisdom is less presuming than folly-dd- The wise man doubteth often, and changeth his mind; the fool is obstinate, and doubteth not; he knoweth all things but his own ignorance-dd- Akhenaton . Experience is the only prophecy of wise men-dd- Alphonse de Lamartine . Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit-dd- Baltasar Gracian . Only in recent history has “working hard” signaled pride rather than shame for lack of talent, finesse and, mostly, sprezzatura-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Give me a lever long enough, and a place to stand, and I will move the earth-dd- Archimedes . Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty-dd- To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom-dd- Bertrand Russell . Strength and wisdom are not opposing values-dd- Bill Clinton . Even when you have doubts, take that step-dd- Take chances-dd- Mistakes are never a failure – they can be turned into wisdom-dd- Cat Cora . Doubt is the vestibule through which all must pass before they can enter into the temple of wisdom-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . I don’t think you can come into your wisdom until you have made mistakes on your own skin and felt them in reality of your own life-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . If I am fool, it is, at least, a doubting one; and I envy no one the certainty of his self-approved wisdom-dd- George Byron . How prone to doubt, how cautious are the wise-dd- Homer . Death never takes the wise man by surprise, he is always ready to go-dd- Jean de La Fontaine . He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom-dd- J-dd- R-dd- R-dd- Tolkien . Experience comprises illusions lost, rather than wisdom gained-dd- Joseph Roux . Where fear is present, wisdom cannot be-dd- Lactantius . The most important aspect of my personality as far as determining my success goes; has been my questioning conventional wisdom, doubting experts and questioning authority-dd- While that can be painful in your relationships with your parents and teachers, it’s enormously useful in life-dd- Larry Ellison . In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by-dd- Lucille Ball . We become wiser by adversity; prosperity destroys our appreciation of the right-dd- Seneca . To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future-dd- Plutarch . Wisdom thoroughly learned, will never be forgotten-dd- Pythagoras . A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men-dd- Roald Dahl . It is costly wisdom that is bought by experience-dd- Roger Ascham . All men make mistakes, but only wise men learn from their mistakes-dd- Winston Churchill . Truth builds trust-dd- Marilyn Suttle . A wise person decides slowly but abides by these decisions-dd- Arthur Ashe . Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . Wisdom comes from experience, experience can be accelerated through short iterations-dd- Naval Ravikant . If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary-dd- Jim Rohn . If you don’t stand for something, you’ll fall for anything-dd- Malcolm X . If there is no struggle, there is no progress-dd- Frederick Douglass . It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation-dd- Herman Melville . If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time-dd- Steve Jobs . You have to be burning with an idea, or a problem, or a wrong that you want to right-dd- If you’re not passionate enough from the start, you’ll never stick it out-dd- Steve Jobs . In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity-dd- Sun Tzu . Done is better than perfect-dd- Sheryl Sandberg (Facebook) . Persistence-dd- Perfection-dd- Patience-dd- Power-dd- Prioritize your passion-dd- It keeps you sane-dd- Criss Jami . To build a great company, which is a CEO’s job, sometimes you have to stand up against conventional wisdom-dd- Carly Fiorina . Ignore the conventional wisdom-dd- If everybody else is doing it one way, there’s a good chance you can find your niche by going in exactly the opposite direction-dd- Sam Walton (Wal-Mart) . The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first-dd- A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . We are drowning in information, while starving for wisdom-dd- The world henceforth will be run by synthesizers, people able to put together the right information at the right time, think critically about it, and make important choices wisely-dd- E-dd- O-dd- Wilson . The wisest men follow their own direction-dd- Euripides . Few people have the wisdom to prefer the criticism that would do them good, to the praise that deceives them-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . We have been doing things that are contrary; the things that people tell us won’t work from the beginning-dd- In fact, the only way to get ahead is to find errors in conventional wisdom-dd- Larry Ellison (Oracle) . Thinking well to be wise: planning well, wiser: doing well wisest and best of all-dd- Malcolm Forbes . The wise man is he who knows the relative value of things-dd- Dean Inge . If you command wisely, you’ll be obeyed cheerfully-dd- Thomas Fuller . Not he who has much is rich, but he who gives much-dd- Erich Fromm . That man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune-dd- Jim Rohn . Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . He who loses money, loses much; He who loses a friend, loses much more; He who loses faith, loses all-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Wealth is the ability to fully experience life-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The wisdom of man never yet contrived a system of taxation that would operate with perfect equality-dd- Andrew Jackson . Frugality includes all the other virtues-dd- Cicero . Don’t gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold-dd- Bob Marley . Don’t tell me what you value, show me your budget, and I’ll tell you what you value-dd- Joe Biden . Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants-dd- Epictetus . Unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth-dd- Albert Einstein . If you can’t explain it to a six year old, you don’t understand it yourself-dd- Albert Einstein . A clever person solves a problem-dd- A wise person avoids it-dd- Albert Einstein . Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all-dd- Aristotle . The whole is more than the sum of its parts-dd- Aristotle . We are what we repeatedly do-dd- Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit-dd- Aristotle . The wise man does not expose himself needlessly to danger, since there are few things for which he cares sufficiently; but he is willing, in great crises, to give even his life – knowing that under certain conditions it is not worthwhile to live-dd- Aristotle . The aim of the wise is not to secure pleasure, but to avoid pain-dd- Aristotle . To the wise, life is a problem; to the fool, a solution-dd- Marcus Aurelius . You have power over your mind – not outside events-dd- Realize this, and you will find strength-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Death smiles at us all, but all a man can do is smile back-dd- Marcus Aurelius . A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer-dd- Bruce Lee . In order to control myself I must first accept myself by going with and not against my nature-dd- Bruce Lee . I cannot teach you, only help you to explore yourself, nothing more-dd- Bruce Lee . Peace comes from within-dd- Do not seek it without-dd- Buddha . The mind is everything-dd- What you think you become-dd- Buddha . Meditation brings wisdom; lack of mediation leaves ignorance-dd- Know well what leads you forward and what hold you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom-dd- Buddha . They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom-dd- Confucius . By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest-dd- Confucius . Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men-dd- Confucius . By desiring little, a poor man makes himself rich-dd- Democritus . Everything existing in the universe is the fruit of chance and necessity-dd- Democritus . Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul-dd- Democritus . Men find happiness neither by means of the body nor through possessions, but through uprightness and wisdom-dd- Democritus . Believe not everything, but only what is proven: the former is foolish, the latter the act of a sensible man-dd- Fools are shaped by the gifts of chance, but those who understand these things, by the gifts of wisdom-dd- Democritus . Medicine heals diseases of the body, wisdom frees the soul from passions-dd- Democritus . The summit of happiness is reached when a person is ready to be what he is-dd- Desiderius Erasmus . The most disadvantageous peace is better than the most just war-dd- Desiderius Erasmus . Prevention is better than cure-dd- Desiderius Erasmus . He who overreaches will, in his overreaching, lose what he possesses, betray what he has now-dd- Euripides . Cleverness is not wisdom-dd- Euripides . Experience, travel-dd- These are an education in themselves-dd- Euripides . Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom-dd- Euripides . Knowledge is not wisdom: cleverness is not, not without awareness of our death, not without recalling just how brief our flare is-dd- Euripides . Some wisdom you must learn from one who’s wise-dd- Euripides . To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . That which does not kill us makes us stronger-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . You cannot teach a man anything; you can only help him find it within himself-dd- Galileo Galilei . Mathematics is the language with which God has written the universe-dd- Galileo Galilei . All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them-dd- Galileo Galilei . Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves-dd- Henry David Thoreau . It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Cultivate the habit of early rising-dd- It is unwise to keep the head long on a level with the feet-dd- Henry David Thoreau . As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Wisdom is found only in truth-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . This is the highest wisdom that I own; freedom and life are earned by those alone who conquer them each day anew-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . As iron sharpens iron, so a friend sharpens a friend-dd- King Solomon . A fool is wise in his eyes-dd- King Solomon . Who is the wise man-qq- He who sees what’s going to be born-dd- King Solomon . Start with God – the first step in learning is bowing down to God; only fools thumb their noses at such wisdom and learning-dd- King Solomon . Mastering others is strength-dd- Mastering yourself is true power-dd- Lao Tzu . Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished-dd- Lao Tzu . He who knows, does not speak-dd- He who speaks, does not know-dd- Lao Tzu . As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death-dd- Leonardo Da Vinci . Art is never finished, only abandoned-dd- Leonardo Da Vinci . Learning acquired in youth arrests the evil of old age; and if you understand that old age has wisdom for its food, you will so conduct yourself in youth that your old age will not lack for nourishment-dd- Leonardo Da Vinci . Supreme happiness will be the greatest cause of misery, and the perfection of wisdom the occasion of folly-dd- Leonardo Da Vinci . Genius is eternal patience-dd- Michelangelo . Beauty is the purgation of superfluities-dd- Michelangelo . If people knew how hard I had to work to gain my mastery, it would not seem so wonderful at all-dd- Michelangelo . Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something-dd- Plato . There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain-dd- Plato . Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom-dd- Plato . Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the Gods-dd- Plato . The wisest have the most authority-dd- Plato . Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Before we acquire great power we must acquire wisdom to use it well-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power-dd- Rene Descartes . I think; therefore I am-dd- Rene Descartes . Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it-dd- Rene Descartes . Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel-dd- Socrates . True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us-dd- Socrates . I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing, and that is that I know nothing-dd- Socrates . He who is not just is severe, he who is not wise is sad-dd- Voltaire . Superstition is to religion what astrology is to astronomy: the mad daughter of a wise mother-dd- Voltaire . Is there anyone so wise as to learn by the experience of others-qq- Voltaire . Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none-dd- William Shakespeare . A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool-dd- William Shakespeare . Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, for wise men say it is the wisest course-dd- William Shakespeare . It is a wise father that knows his own child-dd- William Shakespeare . There is not one wise man in twenty that will praise himself-dd- William Shakespeare . Modest doubt is called the beacon of the wise-dd- William Shakespeare . Before you speak, listen-dd- Before you write, think-dd- Before you spend, earn-dd- Before you invest, investigate-dd- Before you criticize, wait-dd- Before you pray, forgive-dd- Before you quit, try-dd- Before you retire, save-dd- Before you die, give-dd- William A-dd- Ward . Listen to silence-dd- It has so much to say-dd- Rumi . The quieter you become the more you are able to hear-dd- Rumi . Saying nothing sometimes says the most-dd- Emily Dickinson . Speech is silver, silence is golden-dd- Thomas Carlyle . All men’s miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone-dd- Blaise Pascal . A fool is known by his speech; and a wise man by silence-dd- Pythagoras . It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . When you have nothing to say, say nothing-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind-dd- Albert Einstein . Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom-dd- Francis Bacon . Silence is a source of great strength-dd- Lao Tzu . There was a brief silence-dd- I think I heard snow falling-dd- Erich Segal . I, schooled in misery, know many purifying rites, and I know where speech is proper and where silence-dd- Aeschylus . In human intercourse the tragedy begins, not when there is misunderstanding about words, but when silence is not understood-dd- Henry David Thoreau . I think 99 times and find nothing-dd- I stop thinking, swim in silence, and the truth comes to me-dd- Albert Einstein . If I could I would always work in silence and obscurity, and let my efforts be known by their results-dd- Emily Bronte . All I insist on, and nothing else, is that you should show the whole world that you are not afraid-dd- Be silent, if you choose; but when it is necessary, speak – and speak in such a way that people will remember it-dd- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart . I decided it is better to scream-dd- Silence is the real crime against humanity-dd- Nadezhda Mandelstam . I’ve begun to realize that you can listen to silence and learn from it-dd- It has a quality and a dimension all its own-dd- Chaim Potok . Silence is true wisdom’s best reply-dd- Euripides . Time and silence are the most luxurious things today-dd- Tom Ford . The more you understand silence, that’s where the balance comes-dd- Rick Rubin . Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn whatever state I am in, therein to be content-dd- Helen Keller . Inner silence is the mother of all talents-dd- Sri Sri Ravi Shankar . In the silence behind what can be heard lies the answers we have been searching for for so long-dd- Andreas Fransson . Silence is so freaking loud-dd- Sarah Dessen . There is something terribly wrong with a culture inebriated by noise and gregariousness-dd- George Steiner . The things that we understand, create silence-dd- The things that we do not, create emotion-dd- Kapil Gupta . Silence is sometimes the best answer-dd- Dalai Lama . Within us is the soul of the whole, the wise silence, the universal beauty, the eternal One-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I think the first virtue is to restrain the tongue; he approaches nearest to gods who knows how to be silent, even though he is in the right-dd- Cato The Elder . Don’t waste words on people deserve your silence-dd- Sometimes the most powerful thing you can say is nothing at all-dd- Mandy Hale . If there were a little more silence, if we all kept quiet…maybe we could understand something-dd- Federico Fellini . The human heart has hidden treasures, in secret kept, in silence sealed; the thoughts, the hopes, the dreams, the pleasures, whose charms were broken if revealed-dd- Charlotte Bronte . Silence speaks when words can’t-dd- (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . The world’s continual breathing is what we hear and call silence-dd- Clarice Lispector . In silence there is eloquence-dd- Stop weaving and see how the pattern improves-dd- Rumi . Now all my teachers are dead except silence-dd- W-dd- S-dd- Merwin . Talk, talk, talk: the utter and heartbreaking stupidity of words-dd- William Faulkner . Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly-dd- Epictetus . The good and the wise lead quiet lives-dd- Euripides (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Silence is a true friend who never betrays-dd- Confucius . As far as I’m concerned, I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue-dd- Albert Einstein . Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Silence is the wit of fools-dd- Anatole France . Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Without great solitude no serious work is possible-dd- Pablo Picasso . Speak only if it improves upon the silence-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . I often regret that I have spoken; never that I have been silent-dd- Publilius Syrus . The right word may be effective, but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause-dd- Mark Twain . The truth hurts, but silence kills-dd- Mark Twain . The music is not in the notes, but in the silence between-dd- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart . As we must account for every idle word, so must we account for every idle silence-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Three hundred years of humiliation, abuse and deprivation cannot be expected to find voice in a whisper-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Silence is golden when you can’t think of a good answer-dd- Muhammad Ali . Silence is the ultimate weapon of power-dd- Charles de Gaulle . If you face God in prayer and silence, God will speak to you-dd- Then you will know that you are nothing-dd- It is only when you realize your nothingness, your emptiness, that God can fill you with Himself-dd- Souls of prayer are souls of great silence-dd- Mother Teresa . It is not easy to keep silent when silence is a lie-dd- Victor Hugo . Silence is argument carried out by other means-dd- Ernesto Che Guevara . You have a grand gift for silence, Watson-dd- It makes you quite invaluable as a companion-dd- Arthur Conan Doyle (Sherlock Holmes) . Experience teaches us that silence terrifies people the most-dd- Bob Dylan . The eternal silence of these infinite spaces frightens me-dd- Blaise Pascal . Silence is the perfectest herald of joy-dd- I were but little happy if I could say how much-dd- William Shakespeare . Let us be silent, that we may hear the whispers of the gods-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude-dd- We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves together-dd- Thomas Carlyle . A sage thing is timely silence, and better than any speech-dd- Plutarch . Be silent or let thy words be worth more than silence-dd- Pythagoras . We need silence to be able to touch souls-dd- Mother Teresa . Silence is more eloquent than words-dd- Thomas Carlyle . The best cure for the body is a quiet mind-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Sometimes it’s better to be silent and smile-dd- Unknown . Silence, healing-dd- Heraclitus . Your silence will not protect you-dd- Audre Lorde . I like working in silence-dd- Eric Ripert . Since long I’ve held silence a remedy for harm-dd- Aeschylus . Silence is more musical than any song-dd- Christina Rossetti . No one nor anything can silence me-dd- Dmitri Mendeleev . Solitude is a catalyst for innovation-dd- Susan Cain (See her excellent book Quiet or her blog quietrev-dd-com) . Silence is safer than speech-dd- Epictetus . You misinterpret everything, even the silence-dd- Franz Kafka . Do not underestimate the determination of a quiet man-dd- Iain Duncan Smith . The silence is not suppression; instead, it is all there is-dd- Annie Dillard . Silence is better than unmeaning words-dd- Pythagoras . The silence is so deep it hurts our ears-dd- Haruki Murakami . Real action is in silent moments-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone-dd- Alan Watts . Speech is of time, silence is of eternity-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Noise: a stench in the ear-dd- Ambrose Bierce . The quiet mind is richer than a crown-dd- Robert Greene . I was quiet, but I was not blind-dd- Jane Austen . Silence says a lot more than you think-dd- Unknown . Still waters run deep-dd- Unknown . Confidence is silent-dd- Insecurities are loud-dd- Unknown . Getting no message is also a message-dd- Unknown . A wise man once said nothing-dd- Unknown . You are a slave to what you do say, a master of what you don’t say-dd- . Silence isn’t empty-dd- It’s full of ansers-dd- Unkwown . Silence is a place of great power and healing-dd- Rachel Naomi Remen . Silence is the mother of truth-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . To hear, one must be silent-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . Sound is our mind, silence is our being-dd- Osho . Listening to the eternal involves a silence within us-dd- Thomas Raymond Kelly . One need not always be saying something in this noisy world-dd- Sarah Orne Jewett . You cannot be angry when alone-dd- Osho . The wisest man is the silent one-dd- Examine his actions-dd- Judge him by them-dd- Karen Marie Moning . Silence is the virtue of fools-dd- Francis Bacon . A silent man is easily reputed wise-dd- Frederick William Robertson . Speak for yourself and from yourself, or be silent-dd- George Henry Lewes . Speech is the small change of silence-dd- George Meredith . Never be bullied into silence-dd- Harvey Fierstein . Hope will never be silent-dd- Harvey Milk . Great souls suffer in silence-dd- Friedrich Schiller . The eternal silence of these infinite spaces frightens me-dd- David Markson . Absolute silence leads to sadness-dd- It is the image of death-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Being quiet is fine, most people don’t listen anyways-dd- Unknown . Silence has been destroyed, but also the idea that it’s important to learn how another person thinks, to enter the mind of another person-dd- The whole idea of empathy is gone-dd- We are now part of this giant machine where every second we have to take out a device and contribute our thoughts and opinions-dd- Gary Shteyngart . Seeing her sitting there unresponsive makes me realize that silence has a sound-dd- Jodi Picoult . The cruelest lies are often told in silence-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . Noise is the most impertinent of all forms of interruption-dd- It is not only an interruption, but also a disruption of thought-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Living as we do in an age of noise and bluster, success is now measured accordingly-dd- We must all be seen, and heard, and on the air-dd- Daphne du Maurier . The ocean, the desert, and the jungle are the last strongholds and resorts of peace-dd- P-dd-C-dd- Wren . I just realized that sleep sometimes is the only precious wage for the hard working man-dd- Akilnathan Logeswaran . Nowadays silence is looked on as odd and most of my race has forgotten the beauty of meaning much by saying little-dd- Now tongues work all day by themselves with no help from the mind-dd-” Toni Morrison . Soon silence will have passed into legend-dd- Man has turned his back on silence-dd- Day after day he invents machines and devices that increase noise and distract humanity from the essence of life, contemplation, meditation…tooting, howling, screeching, booming, crashing, whistling, grinding, and trilling bolster his ego-dd- His anxiety subsides-dd- His inhuman void spreads monstrously like a gray vegetation-dd- Jean Arp . I did the only thing I knew how to do: I built my own walls of silence to disguise my desperation and what later came to be recognized and diagnosed as depression-dd- Sharon E-dd- Rainey . By silence, I hear other men’s imperfections and conceal my own-dd- Citium Zeno . I have only one confidant, and that is the silence of night-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Some of the greatest battles will be fought within the silent chambers of your own soul-dd- Ezra Taft Benson . It’s the steady, quiet, plodding ones who win in the lifelong race-dd- Robert W-dd- Service . A fair request should be followed by the deed in silence-dd- Dante Alighieri . He who does not understand your silence will probably not understand your words-dd- Elbert Hubbard . No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow-dd- Alice Walker . The true genius shudders at incompleteness – and usually prefers silence to saying something which is not everything it should be-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . How much better is silence; the coffee cup, the table-dd- How much better to sit by myself like the solitary sea-bird that opens its wings on the stake-dd- Let me sit here for ever with bare things, this coffee cup, this knife, this fork, things in themselves, myself being myself-dd- Virginia Woolf . No durable things are built on violent passion-dd- Nature grows her plants in silence and in darkness, and only when they have become strong do they put their heads above the ground-dd- Annie Besant . When words become unclear, I shall focus with photographs-dd- When images become inadequate, I shall be content with silence-dd- Ansel Adams . I go silent so I can write-dd- When my tongue is wagging my fingers are silent-dd- Sonia Rumzi . Choose silence of all virtues, for by it you hear other men’s imperfections, and conceal your own-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Withdraw into yourself, perceive there a silence as old as being, even older… Emil Cioran . Within each of us, there is silence-dd- A silence as vast as the universe-dd- And when we experience that silence, we remember who we are-dd- Gunilla Norris . No writer in our time has been more isolated than Kafka, and yet few have achieved communication as well as he did-dd- Eugenio Montale . Silence is the universal refuge, the sequel to all dull discourses and all foolish acts, a balm to our every chagrin, as welcome after satiety as after disappointment; that background which the painter may not daub, be he master or bungler, and which, however awkward a figure we may have made in the foreground, remains ever our inviolable asylum, where no indignity can assail, no personality can disturb us-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Have you ever heard the wonderful silence just before the dawn-qq- Or the quiet and calm just as a storm ends-qq- Or perhaps you know the silence when you haven’t the answer to a question you’ve been asked, or the hush of a country road at night, or the expectant pause of a room full of people when someone is just about to speak, or, most beautiful of all, the moment after the door closes and you’re alone in the whole house-qq- Each one is different, you know, and all very beautiful if you listen carefully-dd- Norton Juster . I think that one’s art is a growth inside one-dd- I do not think one can explain growth-dd- It is silent and subtle-dd- One does not keep digging up a plant to see how it grows-dd- Emily Carr . As happens sometimes, a moment settled and hovered and remained for much more than a moment-dd- And sound stopped and movement stopped for much, much more than a moment-dd- John Steinbeck . I have come to believe over and over again that what is most important to me must be spoken, made verbal and shared, even at the risk of having it bruised or misunderstood-dd- Audre Lorde . I have always loved the desert-dd- One sits down on a desert sand dune, sees nothing, hears nothing-dd- Yet through the silence something throbs, and gleams-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupéry . Staying silent is like a slow growing cancer to the soul and a trait of a true coward-dd- There is nothing intelligent about not standing up for yourself-dd- You may not win every battle-dd- However, everyone will at least know what you stood for – you-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . I need to be alone-dd- I need to ponder my shame and my despair in seclusion; I need the sunshine and the paving stones of the streets without companions, without conversation, face to face with myself, with only the music of my heart for company-dd- Henry Miller . Truth is not only violated by falsehood; it may be equally outraged by silence-dd- Henri Frederic Amiel . When I pronounce the word Future, the first syllable already belongs to the past-dd- When I pronounce the word Silence, I destroy it-dd- Wisława Szymborska . Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best-dd- Henry Van Dyke . We went down into the silent garden-dd- Dawn is the time when nothing breathes, the hour of silence-dd- Everything is transfixed, only the light moves-dd- Leonora Carrington . I drank the silence of God from a spring in the woods-dd- Georg Trakl . You can hear the footsteps of God when silence reigns in the mind-dd- Sathya Sai Baba . Silence is the language of God; it is also the language of the heart-dd- Sivananda . After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music-dd- Aldous Huxley . Your very silence shows you agree-dd- Euripides . Never miss a good chance to shut up-dd- Will Rogers . That man’s silence is wonderful to listen to-dd- Thomas Hardy . There’s zero correlation between being the best talker and having the best ideas-dd- Susan Cain . I didn’t like having to explain to them, so I just shut up, smoked a cigarette, and looked at the sea-dd- Albert Camus . Poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it-dd- Criss Jami . Good as is discourse, silence is better and shames it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . People are like music, some speak the truth and others are just noise-dd- Bill Murray . Noise proves nothing-dd- Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid-dd- Mark Twain . No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut-dd- Sam Rayburn . It’s so simple to be wise-dd- Just think of something stupid to say and then don’t say it-dd- Sam Levenson . No man should live where he can hear his neighbor’s dog bark-dd- Nathaniel Macon . It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it-dd- Maurice Switzer (Not from Mark Twain, see https://quoteinvestigator-dd-com/2010/05/17/remain-silent/) . It is beautiful to talk about beautiful things and even more beautiful to silently gaze at them-dd- Dejan Stojanovic . Silence makes idiots seem wise even for a minute-dd- Carlos Ruiz Zafón . Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, abstains from giving us wordy evidence of the fact-dd- George Eliot . I get tired of talking when I want to be silent-dd- Henry Rollins . God is silent-dd- Now if only man would shut up-dd- Woody Allen . The world is never quiet, even its silence eternally resounds with the same notes, in vibrations which escape our ears-dd- As for those that we perceive, they carry sounds to us, occasionally a chord, never a melody-dd- Albert Camus . Luxury, today, is solitude and silence-dd- Paul-Henri Spaak . Only silence perfects silence-dd- A-dd- R-dd- Ammons . Finding Nirvana is like locating silence-dd- Jack Kerouac . Silence is not the absence of sound, but the absence of self-dd- Anthony de Mello . In most areas of life, the less you say, the more profound and mysterious you appear-dd- Robert Greene . Maybe silence is something we’re uncomfortable with as a culture, I don’t know-dd- Anton Yelchin . When people are proud of their speech, be proud of your silence-dd- Luqman . Those who weep for the happy periods which they encounter in history acknowledge what they want; not the alleviation but the silencing of misery-dd- Albert Camus . Silence is not always tact and it is tact that is golden, not silence-dd- Samuel Butler . Better remain silent, better not even think, if you are not prepared to act-dd- Annie Besant . I found I had less and less to say, until finally, I became silent, and began to listen-dd- I discovered in the silence, the voice of God-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts; And when you can no longer dwell in the solitude of your heart you live in your lips, and sound is a diversion and a pastime-dd- And in much of your talking, thinking is half murdered-dd- Kahlil Gibran . There is greater comfort in the substance of silence than in the answer to a question-dd- Thomas Merton . Does not everything depend on our interpretation of the silence around us-qq- Lawrence Durrell . I said nothing for a time, just ran my fingertips along the edge of the human-shaped emptiness that had been left inside me-dd- Haruki Murakami . The space, the gaps, the pauses, the silence – those things that allow us to regenerate and recharge – had all but disappeared in my own life and in the lives of so many I knew-dd- Arianna Huffington . We refuse to turn off our computers, turn off our phone, log off Facebook, and just sit in silence, because in those moments we might actually have to face up to who we really are-dd- Jefferson Bethke . There is no sound more annoying than the chatter of a child, and none more sad than the silence they leave when they are gone-dd- Mark Lawrence . If we had a keen vision of all that is ordinary in human life, it would be like hearing the grass grow or the squirrel’s heart beat, and we should die of that roar which is the other side of silence-dd- George Eliot . For now she need not think of anybody-dd- She could be herself, by herself-dd- And that was what now she often felt the need of – to think; well not even to think-dd- To be silent; to be alone-dd- Virginia Woolf . There’s really no such thing as the ‘voiceless’-dd- There are only the deliberately silenced, or the preferably unheard-dd- Arundhati Roy . I have learned now that while those who speak about one’s miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Silence is the eternal duty of man-dd- Thomas Carlyle . When truth is replaced by silence, the silence is a lie-dd- Yevgeny Yevtushenko . All I want is blackness-dd- Blackness and silence-dd- Sylvia Plath . Under all speech that is good for anything there lies a silence that is better-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Human beings can’t bear silence-dd- It would mean that they would bear themselves-dd- Pascal Mercier . Your hearts know in silence the secrets of the days and the nights-dd- Khalil Gibran . I am silence among the secrets, and the Self-knowledge of the knowledgeable-dd- Bhagavad Gita . All tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent-dd- Edmund Burke . Speech and silence-dd- We feel safer with a madman who talks than with one who cannot open his mouth-dd- Emile M-dd- Cioran . Silence is the most perfect expression of scorn-dd- George Bernard Shaw . There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls-dd- George Carlin . A yawn is a silent shout-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . Silence is an empty space, space is the home of the awakened mind-dd- Buddha . Lying is done with words and also with silence-dd- Adrienne Rich . Silence is sometimes the severest criticism-dd- Charles Buxton . When I speak, you must not listen to the words, my dear-dd- Listen to the Silence-dd- Anthony de Mello . To sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Silence is only frightening to people who are compulsively verbalizing-dd- William S-dd- Burroughs . The world would be happier if men had the same capacity to be silent that they have to speak-dd- Baruch Spinoza . If you’re asked: What is the silence-qq- Respond: It is the first stone of the Wisdom’s temple-dd- Pythagoras . He who establishes his argument by noise and command shows that his reason is weak-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Don’t waste words on people who deserve your silence-dd- Sometimes the most powerful thing you can say is nothing at all-dd- Unknown . It seems only the old are able to sit next to one another and not say anything and still feel content-dd- The young, brash and impatient, must always break the silence-dd- It is a waste, for silence is pure-dd- Nicholas Sparks . One must learn to be silent just as one must learn to talk-dd- Virginia Woolf . Only when the voice of duty is silent, or when it has already spoken, may we allowably think of the consequences of a particular action-dd- Augustus Hare . It is always assumed by the empty-headed, who chatter about themselves for want of something better, that people who do not discuss their affairs openly must have something to hide-dd- Honoré de Balzac . Silence is foolish if we are wise, but wise if we are foolish-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . When we speak we are afraid our words will not be heard, nor welcomed, but when we are silent we are still afraid-dd- So it is better to speak remembering we were never meant to survive-dd- Audre Lorde . You are most powerful when you are most silent-dd- People never expect silence-dd- They expect words, motion, defense, offense, back and forth-dd- They expect to leap into the fray-dd- They are ready, fists up, words hanging leaping from their mouths-dd- Alison McGhee . Silence was not the absence of sound but was itself a sound that could be loud or soft, soothing or disturbing, complex or simple-dd- Julius Lester . I like the silent church before the service begins, better than any preaching-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Music is pleasing not only because of the sound but because of the silence that is in it: without the alternation of sound and silence there would be no rhythm-dd- Thomas Merton . A sudden silence in the middle of a conversation suddenly brings us back to essentials: it reveals how dearly we must pay for the invention of speech-dd- Emile M-dd- Cioran . We’ve known about the transcendent power of solitude for centuries; it’s only recently that we’ve forgotten it-dd- Susan Cain . Silence is a statement that is open to gross misinterpretation-dd- Craig Bruce . It is more noble by silence to avoid an injury than by argument to overcome it-dd- Francis Beaumont . Silences are the most underrated part of comedy-dd- David Steinberg . The moment you become aware of the silence, you also have become silent-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Silent gratitude isn’t very much to anyone-dd- Gertrude Stein . Silence, I learned, is some times the most beautiful sound-dd- Charlotte Eriksson . You can never get silence anywhere nowadays, have you noticed-qq- Bryan Ferry . The most significant conversations of our lives occur in silence-dd- Simon Van Booy . Quiet is peace-dd- Tranquility-dd- Quiet is turning down the volume knob on life-dd- Silence is pushing the off button-dd- Shutting it down-dd- All of it-dd- Khaled Hosseini . In a world of noise, confusion and conflict it is necessary that there be places of silence, inner discipline and peace-dd- In such places love can blossom-dd- Thomas Merton . I’m very interested in silence-dd- And, more importantly, in what happens when people aren’t talking on stage-dd- I’m interested in letting actors play and do things between the lines-dd- And in slowing everything down-dd- Annie Baker . A soul that has never tasted the sweetness of inner silence is a restless spirit which disturbs the silence of others-dd- Mary Faustina Kowalska . Without silence, there cannot be any real appreciation in life, which is as delicate in its inner fabric as a closed rosebud-dd- Deepak Chopra . I discovered that I felt at home and alive in the silence, which compelled me to enter my interior world and around there-dd- Karen Armstrong . Silence can often be more disturbing than noise, it reveals the complicated mechanism of our thoughts-dd- José Rodrigues Miguéis . I’m a master of speaking silently—all my life I’ve spoken silently and I’ve lived through entire tragedies in silence-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . You find peace not by rearranging the circumstances of your life, but by realizing who you are at the deepest level-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Make peace with silence, and remind yourself that it is in this space that you’ll come to remember your spirit-dd- Wayne W-dd- Dyer . Those who remain unmoved by the wind of joy silently follow the Path-dd- Bodhidharma . By silencing the mind, we can experience real peace-dd- As long as various kinds of thoughts agitate the brain, we don’t experience 100 percent peace-dd- Henepola Gunaratana . Great joy, especially after a sudden change of circumstances, is apt to be silent, and dwells rather in the heart than on the tongue-dd- Henry Fielding . Listen closely… the eternal hush of silence goes on and on throughout all this, and has been going on, and will go on and on-dd- This is because the world is nothing but a dream and is just thought of and the everlasting eternity pays no attention to it-dd- Jack Kerouac . I love to read, and I like the fact that there’s some silence in my life-dd- Giancarlo Esposito . There are in life a few moments so beautiful, that even words are a sort of profanity-dd- Diana Palmer . I woke up early and took the first train to take me away from the city-dd- The noise and all its people-dd- I was alone on the train and had no idea where I was going, and that’s why I went there-dd- Charlotte Eriksson . To listen to the silence, wherever you are, is an easy and direct way of becoming present-dd- Eckhart Tolle . My personal hobbies are reading, listening to music, and silence-dd- Edith Sitwell . Love is essential, gregariousness is optional-dd- Susan Cain . Words can sting like anything, but silence breaks the heart-dd- Phyllis McGinley . Love, and do what you will-dd- If you keep silence, do it out of love-dd- If you cry out, do it out of love-dd- If you refrain from punishing, do it out of love-dd- Augustine of Hippo . We sit silently and watch the world around us-dd- This has taken a lifetime to learn-dd- Nicholas Sparks . Only those who are comfortable with each other can sit without speaking-dd- Nicholas Sparks . I don’t want to be married just to be married-dd- I can’t think of anything lonelier than spending the rest of my life with someone I can’t talk to, or worse, someone I can’t be silent with-dd- Mary Ann Shaffer . Your mind has a flood of questions-dd- There is but one teacher who can answer them-dd- Who is that teacher-qq- Your silence-loving heart-dd- Sri Chinmoy . When you’re comfortable with someone, you don’t need to always fill the void with noise-dd- I liked it when we would just be-dd- Elizabeth Eulberg . Not words nor laughter but rather someone who will fall in love with your silence-dd- Sanober Khan . A heart worth loving is one you understand, even in silence-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . True friends are two people who are comfortable sharing silence together-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . We will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Be silent and safe — silence never betrays you; be true to your word and your work and your friend; put least trust in him who is foremost to praise you, nor judge of a road till it draw to the end-dd- John Boyle O’Reilly . What greater thing is there for two human souls than to feel that they are joined – to strengthen each other – to be at one with each other in silent unspeakable memories-dd- George Eliot . Ships that pass in the night, and speak each other in passing, only a signal shown, and a distant voice in the darkness; So on the ocean of life, we pass and speak one another, only a look and a voice, then darkness again and a silence-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . There comes a moment when the silence between two people can have the purity of a diamond-dd- Philippe Djian . Some hearts understand each other, even in silence-dd- Unknown . Slowly we became silent, and silence itself if an enemy to friendship-dd- Norman Maclean . The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen-dd- Just listen-dd- Perhaps the most important thing we ever give each other is our attention… A loving silence often has far more power to heal and to connect than the most well-intentioned words-dd- Rachel Naomi Remen . It is in deep solitude that I find the gentleness with which I can truly love my brothers-dd- The more solitary I am the more affection I have for them…-dd- Solitude and silence teach me to love my brothers for what they are, not for what they say-dd- Thomas Merton . The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing… not healing, not curing… that is a friend who cares-dd- Henri Nouwen . If you can sit in silence with a person for half an hour and yet be entirely comfortable, you and that person can be friends-dd- If you cannot, friends you’ll never be and you need not waste time in trying-dd- L-dd-M-dd- Montgomery . Silent solitude makes true speech possible and personal-dd- If I am not in touch with my own belovedness, then I cannot touch the sacredness of others-dd- If I am estranged from myself, I am likewise a stranger to others-dd- Brennan Manning . Perhaps the most important thing we bring to another person is the silence in us, not the sort of silence that is filled with unspoken criticism or hard withdrawal-dd- The sort of silence that is a place of refuge, of rest, of acceptance of someone as they are-dd- We are all hungry for this other silence-dd- It is hard to find-dd- In its presence we can remember something beyond the moment, a strength on which to build a life-dd- Rachel Naomi Remen . There is something hugely civilised about allowing long pauses in a conversation-dd- Very few people can stand that kind of silence-dd- James Robertson . Silence is one of the great arts of conversation-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Speech is great, but silence is greater-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Learn to be silent-dd- Let your quiet mind listen and absorb-dd- Pythagoras . The silence often of pure innocence persuades when speaking fails-dd- William Shakespeare . There is a time to be quiet and a time to talk-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Never forget that when we are silent, we are one-dd- And when we speak we are two-dd- Indira Gandhi . Be a loner-dd- That gives you time to wonder, to search for the truth-dd- Have holy curiosity-dd- Make your life worth living-dd- Albert Einstein . Most people do not listen with the intent to understand; they listen with the intent to reply-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Strength is born in the deep silence of long-suffering hearts; not amid joy-dd- Arthur Helps . He knew the lie of silence to be as evil as the lie of speech-dd- Gilbert Parker . Never assume that loud is strong and quiet is weak-dd- Unknown . Sorrow and silence are strong, and patient endurance is godlike-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . A man who lives right, and is right, has more power in his silence than another has by his words-dd- Phillips Brooks . The daggers of silence last longer than anything ever spoken-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Spend your free time the way you like, not the way you think you’re supposed to-dd- Susan Cain . The more you know the less you need to say-dd- Jim Rohn . You often hear old platitudes such as, ‘Speak out-dd- Be heard-dd-’ On the contrary, a breath of fresh air would be something like: ‘Silence, think for at least 15 minutes, and then maybe speak out-dd- Criss Jami . The easiest way to get touch with this universal power is through silent Prayer-dd- Shut your eyes, shut your mouth, and open your heart-dd- This is the golden rule of prayer-dd- Prayer should be soundless words coming forth from the centre of your heart filled with love-dd- Amit Ray . We need silence to be able to reach our Self-dd- Both internal and external silence is very important to feel the presence of that supreme Love-dd- Amit Ray . Sometimes you need to sit lonely on the floor in a quiet room in order to hear your own voice and not let it drown in the noise of others-dd- Charlotte Eriksson . Silence may be golden, but can you think of a better way to entertain someone than to listen to him-qq- Brigham Young . It’s okay to be honest about not knowing rather than spreading falsehood-dd- While it is often said that honesty is the best policy, silence is the second best policy-dd- Criss Jami . Silence is the safest course for any man to adopt who distrust himself-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . Focus your attention on the quality of your words, and not the quantity, because few sensible talks attracts millions of listeners more than a thousand gibberish-dd- Michael Bassey Johnson . Wise men, when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet, give themselves the benefit of the doubt, and remain silent-dd- Napoleon Hill . Silence is of different kinds, and breathes different meanings-dd- Charlotte Brontë . I think I will do nothing for a long time but listen, and accrue what I hear into myself…and let sound contribute toward me-dd- Walt Whitman . What we can’t speak, we say in silence-dd- Hillary Jordan . You throw thorns, falling in my silence they become flowers-dd- Buddha . Non-judgment quiets the internal dialogue, and this opens once again the doorway to creativity-dd- Deepak Chopra . Do you want to change the world-qq- Then change yourself first-dd- Do you want to change yourself-qq- Then remain completely silent inside the silence-sea-dd- Sri Chinmoy . A boss has the title, a leader has the people-dd- Simon Sinek . People don’t buy what you do, they buy why you do it-dd- Simon Sinek . The art of leadership is saying no, not yes-dd- It is very easy to say yes-dd- Tony Blair . I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples-dd- Mother Teresa . A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Lead from the back and let others believe they are in front-dd- Nelson Mandela . We cannot lead anyone farther than we have been ourselves-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . The ability to learn is the most important quality a leader can have-dd- Sheryl Sandberg . Efficiency is doing the thing right-dd- Effectiveness is doing the right thing-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . No leader sets out to be a leader-dd- People set out to live their lives, expressing themselves fully-dd- When that expression is of value, they become leaders-dd- So the point is not to become a leader-dd- The point is to become yourself, to use yourself completely – all your skills, gifts and energies – in order to make your vision manifest-dd- You must withhold nothing-dd- You must, in sum, become the person you started out to be, and to enjoy the process of becoming-dd- Warren Bennis . Anyone, anywhere, can make a positive difference-dd- Mark Sanborn . Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Do what is right, not what is easy-dd- Unknown . Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality-dd- Warren Bennis . Failing organizations are usually over-managed and under-led-dd- Warren Bennis . Leadership is not about titles, positions, or flow charts-dd- It is about one life influencing another-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Leading people is the most challenging and, therefore, the most gratifying undertaking of all human endeavors-dd- Jocko Willink . In the future, there will be no female leaders-dd- There will just be leaders-dd- Sheryl Sandberg . A leader is like a shepherd-dd- He stays behind the flock, letting the most nimble go out ahead, whereupon the others follow, not realizing that all along they are being directed from behind-dd- Nelson Mandela . As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others-dd- Bill Gates . A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd-dd- Max Lucado . The secret of leadership is simple: Do what you believe in-dd- Paint a picture of the future-dd- Go there-dd- People will follow-dd- Seth Godin . Don’t tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results-dd- George Patton . The mediocre teacher tells-dd- The good teacher explains-dd- The superior teacher demonstrates-dd- The great teacher inspires-dd- William Arthur Ward . You have to be burning with an idea, or a problem, or a wrong that you want to right-dd- If you’re not passionate enough from the start, you’ll never stick it out-dd- Steve Jobs . Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . The mark of a great man is one who knows when to set aside the important things in order to accomplish the vital ones-dd- Brandon Sanderson . Be strong enough to stand alone, smart enough to know when you need help, and brave enough to ask for it-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Don’t waste your energy trying to educate or change opinions; go over, under, through, and opinions will change organically when you’re the boss-dd- Or they won’t-dd- Who cares-qq- Do your thing, and don’t care if they like it-dd- Tina Fey . You don’t need a title to be a leader-dd- Mark Sanborn . If your actions create a legacy that inspires others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, then, you are an excellent leader-dd- Dolly Parton . A leader takes people where they want to go-dd- A great leader takes people where they don’t necessarily want to go but ought to be-dd- Rosalynn Carter . We need to think of the future and the planet we are going to leave to our children and their children-dd- Kofi Annan . I am not a product of my circumstances-dd- I am a product of my decisions-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower-dd- Steve Jobs . Becoming a leader is synonymous with becoming yourself-dd- It is precisely that simple and it is also that difficult-dd- Warren Bennis (This is one of my favorite leadership quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Leadership is an action, not a position-dd- Donald McGannon . Leadership is the art of giving people a platform for spreading ideas that work-dd- Seth Godin . Management is doing things right-dd- Leadership is doing the right things-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Leadership is about making others better as a result of your presence and making sure that impact lasts in your absence-dd- Sheryl Sandberg (Facebook) . Leadership is like third grade: it means repeating the significant things-dd- Max De Pree . Leadership is unlocking people’s potential to become better-dd- Bill Bradley . A leader is a dealer in hope-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the shoulder of giants-dd- Isaac Newton . Great spirits have always found violent opposition from mediocrities-dd- The latter cannot understand it when a man does not thoughtlessly submit to hereditary prejudices but honestly and courageously uses his intelligence-dd- Albert Einstein . Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much-dd- Helen Keller . The only safe ship in a storm is leadership-dd- Faye Wattleton . Do not follow where the path may lead-dd- Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time-dd- We are the ones we’ve been waiting for-dd- We are the change that we seek-dd- Barack Obama . Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago-dd- Warren Buffett . Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small-dd- A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step-dd- Lao Tzu . I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel-dd- Maya Angelou . To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . We don’t build services to make money; we make money to build better services-dd- Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook) . I have not failed-dd- I’ve just found 10000 ways that won’t work-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . The only way to do great work is to love what you do-dd- Steve Jobs . Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it-dd- Buddha . Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself-dd- Leo Tolstoy . A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: We did it ourselves-dd- Lao Tzu . Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve-dd- Napoleon Hill . Be willing to be uncomfortable-dd- Be comfortable being uncomfortable-dd- It may get tough, but it’s a small price to pay for living a dream-dd- Peter McWilliams . Mountaintops inspire leaders but valleys mature them-dd- Winston Churchill . Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value-dd- Albert Einstein . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . To lead people, walk behind them-dd- Lao Tzu . The price of greatness is responsibility-dd- Winston Churchill . We rise by lifting others-dd- Robert Ingersoll . All leaders are readers-dd- Jim Rohn . Hire character-dd- Train skill-dd- Peter Schutz . Act or do not act, but do not hedge-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . What gets measured gets improved-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Faster-dd- Stronger-dd- Smarter-dd- More humble-dd- Less ego-dd- Jocko Willink . Discipline equals freedom-dd- Jocko Willink . Ego clouds and disrupts everything-dd- Jocko Willink . The very essence of leadership is that you have to have a vision-dd- Theodore Hesburgh . Leadership distilled down to 3 words: Make a difference-dd- Robin Sharma . Victims make excuses-dd- Leaders deliver results-dd- Robin Sharma . The cautious seldom err-dd- Confucius . Leadership involves finding a parade and getting in front of it-dd- John Naisbitt . Earn your leadership every day-dd- Michael Jordan . My life didn’t please me, so I created my life-dd- Coco Chanel . There is always room at the top-dd- Daniel Webster . Leaders don’t inflict pain, they share pain-dd- Max De Pree . Faith moves mountains, love transforms hearts-dd- John Paul Warren . Don’t find fault, find a remedy-dd- Henry Ford . A winner is a dreamer who never gives up-dd- Nelson Mandela . Whatever you are, be a good one-dd- Abraham Lincoln . A king is one who fears nothing-dd- Seneca . Done is better than perfect-dd- Sheryl Sandberg (Facebook) . Leaders live by choice, not by accident-dd- Mark Gorman . The test of leadership is, is anything or anyone better because of you-qq- Mark Sanborn . You manage things; you lead people-dd- Rear Admiral Grace Hopper . Today a reader, tomorrow a leader-dd- Margaret Fuller . Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm-dd- Publilius Syrus . One voice can change a room-dd- Barack Obama . What does your heart say-qq- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . Our destiny is not written for us, but by us-dd- Barack Obama . Inventories can be managed, but people must be led-dd- H-dd- Ross Perot . Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . If your objective is to be as good as you can be, then you’re going to want criticism-dd- Ray Dalio . Make people feel like the hero of their journey and they will do more-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The test of organization is not genius-dd- It is its capacity to make common people achieve uncommon performance-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Leadership is lifting a person’s vision to high sights, the raising of a person’s performance to a higher standard, the building of a personality beyond its normal limitations-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Leadership requires belief in the mission and unyielding perseverance to achieve victory-dd- Jocko Willink . Stop researching every aspect of it and reading all about it and debating the pros and cons of it-dd- Start doing it-dd- Jocko Willink . To be more requires a man who is conceited enough to believe that the world really needs him and depends on his getting into power-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . A community is like a ship; everyone ought to be prepared to take the helm-dd- Henrik Ibsen . Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate, and doubt to offer a solution everybody can understand-dd- Colin Powell . Time is neutral and does not change things-dd- With courage and initiative, leaders change things-dd- Jesse Jackson . Leadership is a mindset in action-dd- So don’t wait for the title-dd- Leadership isn’t something that anyone can give you – you have to earn it and claim it for yourself-dd- Travis Bradberry . It’s not about money or connections – it’s the willingness to outwork and outlearn everyone-dd- Mark Cuban . You can be a leader in your workplace, your neighborhood, or your family, all without having a title-dd- Travis Bradberry . It is well to respect the leader-dd- Learn from him-dd- Observe him-dd- Study him-dd- But don’t worship him-dd- Believe you can surpass-dd- Believe you can go beyond-dd- Those who harbor the second-best attitude are invariably second-best doers-dd- David J-dd- Schwartz . If you want to build a ship, don’t drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work, and give orders-dd- Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupéry . The important thing is this: to be able to give up in any given moment all that we are for what we can become-dd- DeSeaux . To the highest leadership among women it is given to hold steadily in one hand the sacred vessels that hold the ancient sanctities of life, and in the other a flaming torch to light the way for oncoming generations-dd- Anna Garlin Spencer . The future belongs to those who prepare for it today-dd- Malcolm X . Leaders are people who believe so passionately that they can seduce other people into sharing their dream-dd- Warren Bennis . Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal-dd- E-dd- Joseph Cossman . A year from now you will wish you had started today-dd- Karen Lamb . The task of the leader is to get their people from where they are to where they have not been-dd- Henry Kissinger . It’s your unlimited power to create and to love that can make the biggest difference in the quality of your life-dd- Tony Robbins . For me life is continuously being hungry-dd- The meaning of life is not simply to exist, to survive, but to move ahead, to go up, to achieve, to conquer-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . Throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find the happiness that you had thought could never be yours-dd- Dale Carnegie . Great masters neither want nor need your worship-dd- Your greatest gift to them and yourself is to emulate their divinity by claiming it as your own-dd- Alan Cohen . Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence-dd- Vince Lombardi . When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it-dd- Henry Ford . The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any-dd- Alice Walker . We’re here for a reason-dd- I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark-dd- Whoopi Goldberg . The value of achievement lies in the achieving-dd- Albert Einstein . Leaders don’t force people to follow – they invite them on a journey-dd- Charles S-dd- Lauer . Being responsible sometimes means pissing people off-dd- Colin Powell . Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men – the other 999 follow women-dd- Groucho Marx . People who enjoy meetings should not be in charge of anything-dd- Thomas Sowell . You either run with lions or walk with sheep-dd- Matshona Dhliwayo . People who don’t take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year-dd- People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . In most cases being a good boss means hiring talented people and then getting out of their way-dd- Tina Fey . South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu walked by a construction site on a temporary sidewalk the width of one person-dd- A white man appeared at the other end, recognized Tutu, and said, ‘I don’t make way for gorillas-dd-’ At which Tutu stepped aside, made a deep sweeping gesture, and said, ‘Ah, yes, but I do-dd-’ Walter Wink . Lead me, follow me, or get the hell out of my way-dd- George Patton . But the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses-dd- They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright brothers-dd- But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown-dd- Carl Sagan . A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason-dd- J-dd-P-dd- Morgan . If you make people think they’re thinking, they’ll love you-dd- If you really make them think, they’ll hate you-dd- Don Marquis . It’s hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse-dd- Adlai Stevenson . The most effective way to do it, is to do it-dd- Amelia Earhart . Don’t be so humble – you are not that great-dd- Golda Meir . The manager asks how and when; the leader asks what and why-dd- Warren Bennis . A tyrant is always stirring up some war or other, in order that the people may require a leader-dd- Plato . In times of change, learners inherit the Earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists-dd- Eric Hoffer . Wisdom is knowing what to do next, skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it-dd- David Star Jordan . You are judged in this world by how well you bring things to an end-dd- A messy or incomplete conclusion can reverberate for years to come-dd- Robert Greene . You take people as far as they will go, not as far as you would like them to go-dd- Jeanette Rankin . Leaders shouldn’t attach moral significance to their ideas: Do that, and you can’t compromise-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Being a leader is making the people you love hate you a little more each day-dd- Patrick Ness . To do great things is difficult; but to command great things is more difficult-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Leaders must encourage their organizations to dance to forms of music yet to be heard-dd- Warren Bennis . Leadership should be more participative than directive, more enabling than performing-dd- Mary D-dd- Poole . I am not afraid of an army of lions led by a sheep; I am afraid of an army of sheep led by a lion-dd- Alexander the Great . Ninety percent of leadership is the ability to communicate something people want-dd- Dianne Feinstein . I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination-dd- Jimmy Dean . Show me the man you honor and I will know what kind of man you are-dd- Thomas John Carlisle . If you are rich and powerful but unhappy, what’s the point of being rich and powerful-qq- Thich Nhat Hanh . Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck-dd- Dalai Lama . The manager accepts the status quo; the leader challenges it-dd- Warren Bennis . There is nothing quite so useless as doing with great efficiency something that should not be done at all-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . It is not so much that man is a herd animal, said Freud, but that he is a horde animal led by a chief-dd- Ernest Becker . Pity the leader caught between unloving critics and uncritical lovers-dd- John Gardner . I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers-dd- Ralph Nader . Leadership is not just about giving energy… it’s unleashing other people’s energy-dd- Paul Polman . More leaders have been made by accident, circumstance, sheer grit, or will than have been made by all the leadership courses put together-dd- Warren Bennis . Great leaders are not defined by the absence of weakness, but rather by the presence of clear strengths-dd- John Zenger . Average leaders raise the bar on themselves; good leaders raise the bar for others; great leaders inspire others to raise their own bar-dd- Orrin Woodward . Leadership is much more an art, a belief, a condition of the heart, than a set of things to do-dd- Max De Pree . Leadership is liberating people to do what is required of them in the most effective and humane way possible-dd- Max De Pree . If you spend your life trying to be good at everything, you will never be great at anything-dd- Tom Rath . If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever-dd- Thomas Aquinas . To be happy we need something to solve-dd- Happiness is therefore a form of action-dd- Mark Manson . Doing the right thing is more important than doing the thing right-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . There are two ways of being creative-dd- One can sing and dance-dd- Or one can create an environment in which singers and dancers flourish-dd- Warren Bennis . A leader is one who sees more than others see, who sees farther than others see, and who sees before others see-dd- Leroy Eimes . Wise leaders generally have wise counselors because it takes a wise person themselves to distinguish them-dd- Diogenes . When people are financially invested, they want a return-dd- When people are emotionally invested, they want to contribute-dd- Simon Sinek . A good leader is a person who takes a little more than his share of the blame and a little less than his share of the credit-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . If our drive to get and maintain power drains us and strains our relationships, we never truly enjoy our professional or material success and it’s simply not worth it-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . You never change things by fighting the existing reality-dd- To change something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete-dd- Buckminster Fuller . If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing-dd- Brad Szollose . Leaders walk a fine line between self-confidence and humility-dd- Stanley McChrystal . If a man knows not to which port he sails, no wind is favorable-dd- Seneca . The highest of distinctions is service to others-dd- King George VI . Don’t forget to do something for other people-dd- Marc Benioff . One of the quickest ways to gain someone’s trust is to help that person-dd- Justin Bariso . You’ve got to help others-dd- Don’t just think about yourself-dd- Help others-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . The leaders who get the most out of their people are the leaders who care most about their people-dd- Simon Sinek . Help your people grow and perform at their highest possible levels-dd- Robert K-dd- Greenleaf . Growing people and helping them to perform at high levels is a key strategy for long-term success-dd- When employees grow, their productive capacity increases-dd- When their productive capacity increases, the capacity of the organization increases–it can do things better, or it can do things it was not able to do before-dd- Kent M-dd- Keith . The servant-leader is servant first-dd- It begins with the natural feeling that one wants to serve, to serve first-dd- Then conscious choice brings one to aspire to lead-dd- Robert K-dd- Greenleaf . It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed-dd- Napoleon Hill . If you want to lead on the highest level, be willing to serve on the lowest-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Above all, leadership is a position of servanthood-dd- Max De Pree . The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality-dd- The last is to say thank you-dd- In between, the leader is a servant-dd- Max De Pree . The leader is the servant who removes the obstacles that prevent people from doing their jobs-dd- Max De Pree . He who cannot be a good follower cannot be a good leader-dd- Aristotle . We cannot ask others to do what we have not done ourselves-dd- Christiana Figueres . Servant leadership pumps up the team with confidence, which leads to high-performance-dd- Marcel Schwantes . When you’ve worked hard, and done well, and walked through that doorway of opportunity, you do not slam it shut behind you-dd- You reach back, and you give other folks the same chances that helped you succeed-dd- Michelle Obama . I think leadership is service and there is power in that giving: to help people, to inspire and motivate them to reach their fullest potential-dd- Denise Morrison . Employees of servant leaders are more helping and creative than those working with leaders who scored lower on servant leadership-dd- Marcel Schwantes . You cannot be a leader, and ask other people to follow you, unless you know how to follow, too-dd- Sam Rayburn . Shine your light and make a positive impact on the world; there is nothing so honorable as helping improve the lives of others-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . No matter what accomplishments you make, somebody helped you-dd- Althea Gibson . The teacher who awakens and encourages in students a sense of possibility and responsibility is, to me, the ultimate leader-dd- Stanley McChrystal . Knowledge is useless to executives unless it has been translated into deeds-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Leaders are more powerful role models when they learn than when they teach-dd- Rosabeth Moss Kantor . I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times-dd- Everett Dirksen . Are leaders born or made-qq- This is a false dichotomy – leaders are neither born nor made-dd- Leaders choose to be leaders-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Taking charge of your own learning is a part of taking charge of your life, which is the sine qua non in becoming an integrated person-dd- Warren Bennis . The growth and development of people is the highest calling of leadership-dd- Harvey S-dd- Firestone . Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . For everyone of us that succeeds, it’s because there’s somebody there to show you the way out-dd- The light doesn’t always necessarily have to be in your family; for me it was teachers and school-dd- Oprah Winfrey . It’s not the absence of leadership potential that inhibits the development of more leaders; it’s the persistence of the myth that leadership can’t be learned-dd- This haunting myth is a far more powerful deterrent to leadership development than is the nature of the person or the basics of the leadership process-dd- James Kouzes and Barry Posner . Part of company culture is path-dependent – it’s the lessons you learn along the way-dd- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world-dd- Nelson Mandela . Mastery of reading and writing requires a master-dd- Still more so life-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Leaders know the importance of having someone in their lives who will unfailingly and fearlessly tell them the truth-dd- Warren Bennis . The teacher who is attempting to teach without inspiring the pupil with a desire to learn is hammering on cold iron-dd- Horace Mann . Don’t be intimidated by what you don’t know-dd- That can be your greatest strength and ensure that you do things differently from everyone else-dd- Sara Blakely . In a time of drastic change, it is the learners who inherit the future-dd- The learned find themselves equipped to live in a world that no longer exists-dd- Warren Bennis . People who cannot invent and reinvent themselves must be content with borrowed postures, secondhand ideas, fitting in instead of standing out-dd- Warren Bennis . Being humble doesn’t mean that you lack self-confidence, or that you never stand up for your own opinions or principles-dd- It does mean recognizing that you don’t know everything – and that you’re willing to learn from others-dd- Justin Bariso . When you put together deep knowledge about a subject that intensely matters to you, charisma happens-dd- You gain courage to share your passion, and when you do that, folks follow-dd- Jerry Porras . Inexperience is an asset-dd- Embrace it-dd- Wendy Kopp . Teamwork makes the dream work-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . It takes two flints to make a fire-dd- Louisa May Alcott . The effective executive does not make staffing decisions to minimize weaknesses but to maximize strength-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Large organization is loose organization-dd- Nay, it would be almost as true to say that organization is always disorganization-dd- G-dd- K-dd- Chesterton . In leadership writ large, mutually agreed upon purposes help people achieve consensus, assume responsibility, work for the common good, and build community-dd- Joseph Rost . The most effective leaders aren’t extraverts or introverts-dd- They’re ambiverts: people who strike a balance of talking and listening-dd- Adam Grant . Individually, we are one drop-dd- Together, we are an ocean-dd- Ryunosuke Satoro . Leadership and management are not synonymous-dd- Travis Bradberry . A great person attracts great people and knows how to hold them together-dd- Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe . Leaders come in two flavors, expanders and containers-dd- The best leadership teams have a mix of both-dd- Barbara Corcoran . The best executive is the one who has sense enough to pick good men to do what he wants done, and self-restraint to keep from meddling with them while they do it-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself-dd- Henry Ford . If I have seen further, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants-dd- Isaac Newton . My jobs as a leader is to make sure everybody in the company has great opportunities, and that they feel they’re having a meaningful impact-dd- Larry Page (Google) . Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships-dd- Michael Jordan . You have to learn the rules of the game-dd- And then, you have to play it better than anyone else-dd- Albert Einstein . Motivation comes from working on things we care about-dd- Sheryl Sandberg (Facebook) . In your actions, don’t procrastinate-dd- In your conversations, don’t confuse-dd- In your thoughts, don’t wander-dd- In your soul, don’t be passive or aggressive-dd- In your life, don’t be all about business-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Highly engaged employees make the customer experience-dd- Disengaged employees break it-dd- Timothy R-dd- Clark . All employees have an innate desire to contribute to something bigger than themselves-dd- Jag Randhawa . Always treat your employees exactly as you want them to treat your best customers-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Everyone enjoys doing the kind of work for which he is best suited-dd- Napoleon Hill . Sticks in a bundle are unbreakable-dd- Kenyan Proverb . I know of no single formula for success-dd- But over the years I have observed that some attributes of leadership are universal and are often about finding ways of encouraging people to combine their efforts, their talents, their insights, their enthusiasm and their inspiration to work together-dd- Queen Elizabeth II . Culture is about performance, and making people feel good about how they contribute to the whole-dd- Tracy Streckenbach . My job is not to be easy on people-dd- My job is to take these great people we have and to push them and make them even better-dd- Steve Jobs . Individual commitment to a group effort – that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilisation work-dd- Vince Lombardi . The strength of the team is each member-dd- The strength of each member is the team-dd- Phil Jackson . Everyone talks about building a relationship with your customer-dd- I think you build one with your employees first-dd- Angela Ahrendts . The lightning spark of thought generated in the solitary mind awakens its likeness in another mind-dd- Thomas Carlyle . No one can whistle a symphony-dd- It takes a whole orchestra to play it-dd- H-dd-E-dd- Luccock . Many ideas grow better when transplanted into another mind than the one where they sprang up-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . No matter how brilliant your mind or strategy, if you’re playing a solo game, you’ll always lose out to a team-dd- Reid Hoffman . Until all of us have made it, none of us have made it-dd- Rosemary Brown . When people talk, listen completely-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Communication is the most important skill any leader can possess-dd- Richard Branson . I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting along with people-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . You who are journalists, writers, citizens, you have the right and duty to say to those you have elected that they must practice mindfulness, calm and deep listening, and loving speech-dd- This is universal thing, taught by all religions-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Leadership should be born out of the understanding of the needs of those who would be affected by it-dd- Marian Anderson . I have no methods-dd- All I do is accept people as they are-dd- Joan Rivers . Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them become what they are capable of being-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best-dd- Epictetus . The art of communication is the language of leadership-dd- James Humes . One of the toughest things for leaders to master is kindness-dd- Kindness shares credit and offers enthusiastic praise for others’ work-dd- It’s a balancing act between being genuinely kind and not looking weak-dd- Travis Bradberry . Your number one customers are your people-dd- Look after employees first and then customers last-dd- Ian Hutchinson . Dispirited, unmotivated, unappreciated workers cannot compete in a highly competitive world-dd- Francis Hesselbein . I consider my ability to arouse enthusiasm among men the greatest asset I possess-dd- The way to develop the best that is in a man is by appreciation and encouragement-dd- Charles Schwab . Trade your expectation for appreciation and the world changes instantly-dd- Tony Robbins . Even in a crowded room, likable leaders make people feel like they’re having a one-on-one conversation, as if they’re the only person in the room that matters-dd- And, for that moment, they are-dd- Likable leaders communicate on a very personal, emotional level-dd- Travis Bradberry . People want to know they matter and they want to be treated as people-dd- That’s the new talent contract-dd- Pamela Stroko . Being a good leader requires remembering that you’re there for a reason, and the reason certainly isn’t to have your way-dd- High-integrity leaders not only welcome questioning and criticism – they insist on it-dd- Travis Bradberry . There are only three measurements that tell you nearly everything you need to know about your organization’s overall performance: employee engagement, customer satisfaction, and cash flow-dd- Jack Welch . “Turned on” people figure out how to beat the competition, “Turned off” people only complain about being beaten by the competition-dd- Ben Simonton . Connect the dots between individual roles and the goals of the organization-dd- When people see that connection, they get a lot of energy out of work-dd- They feel the importance, dignity, and meaning in their job-dd- Ken Blanchard . The way your employees feel is the way your customers will feel-dd- And if your employees don’t feel valued, neither will your customers-dd- Sybil F-dd- Stershic . Don’t blow off another’s candle for it won’t make yours shine brighter-dd- Jaachynma N-dd-E-dd- Agu . You must unite your constituents around a common cause and connect with them as human beings-dd- James Kouzes and Barry Posner . Power isn’t control at all–power is strength, and giving that strength to others-dd- A leader isn’t someone who forces others to make him stronger; a leader is someone willing to give his strength to others that they may have the strength to stand on their own-dd- Beth Revis . I have three precious things which I hold fast and prize-dd- The first is gentleness; the second is frugality; the third is humility, which keeps me from putting myself before others-dd- Be gentle and you can be bold; be frugal and you can be liberal; avoid putting yourself before others and you can become a leader among men-dd-” Lao Tzu . Sharing emotions builds deeper relationships-dd- Sheryl Sandberg (Facebook) . Everyone wants to be appreciated, so if you appreciate someone, don’t keep it a secret-dd- Mary Kay Ash . When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are-dd- Donald Miller . Change before you have to-dd- Jack Welch . Leadership is an ever-evolving position-dd- Mike Krzyzewski . In the end, it is important to remember that we cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are-dd- Max De Pree . Don’t seek for everything to happen as you wish it would, but rather wish that everything happens as it actually will – then your life will flow well-dd- Epictetus . Success in management requires learning as fast as the world is changing-dd- Warren Bennis . Leaders should always expect the very best of those around them-dd- They know that people can change and grow-dd- Warren Bennis . In life, change is inevitable-dd- In business, change is vital-dd- Warren Bennis . The higher you want to climb, the more you need leadership-dd- The greater the impact you want to make, the greater your influence needs to be-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . The things we fear most in organizations – fluctuations, disturbances, imbalances – are the primary sources of creativity-dd- Margaret Wheatley . We cannot change what we are not aware of, and once we are aware, we cannot help but change-dd- Sheryl Sandberg (Facebook) . Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, concerned citizens can change the world-dd- Indeed it is the only thing that ever has-dd- Margaret Mead . There’s nothing more demoralizing than a leader who can’t clearly articulate why we’re doing what we’re doing-dd- James Kouzes and Barry Posner . The domain of leaders is the future-dd- The leader’s unique legacy is the creation of valued institutions that survive over time-dd- The most significant contribution leaders make is not simply to today’s bottom line; it is to the long-term development of people and institutions so they can adapt, change, prosper, and grow-dd- James Kouzes and Barry Posner . It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change-dd- Charles Darwin . If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to-dd- If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve-dd- Lao Tzu . Never believe that a few caring people can’t change the world-dd- For, indeed, that’s all who ever have-dd- Margaret Mead . The essence of strategy is choosing what not to do-dd- Michael Porter . The time is always right to do what is right-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Effective leadership is putting first things first-dd- Effective management is discipline, carrying it out-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . The term ‘power’ comes from the Latin posse: to do, to be able, to change, to influence or effect-dd- To have power is to possess the capacity to control or direct change-dd- All forms of leadership must make use of power-dd- The central issue of power in leadership is not Will it be used-qq- But rather Will it be used wisely and well-qq- Al Gini . Always do right-dd- This will gratify some people and astonish the rest-dd- Mark Twain . Effectiveness is a habit-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Effective executives do not make a great many decisions-dd- They concentrate on what is important-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Effective executives […] try to find the constants in a situation, to think through what is strategic and generic rather than to ‘solve problems’-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Effective executives […] want impact rather than technique-dd- And they want to be sound rather than clever-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Effective executives do not start out with their tasks-dd- They start out with their time-dd- And they do not start out with planning-dd- They start by finding out where their time actually goes-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . All one has to do is to learn to say “no” if an activity contributes nothing to one’s own organization, to oneself, or to the organization for whom it is to be performed-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . It is more productive to convert an opportunity into results than to solve a problem – which only restores the equilibrium of yesterday-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Above all, effective executives treat change as an opportunity rather than a threat-dd- They systematically look at changes, inside and outside the corporation, and ask, “How can we exploit this change as an opportunity for our enterprise-qq-”-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . What we need is a way to identify the areas of effectiveness (of possible significant results), and a method for concentrating on them-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . What is the manager’s job-qq- It is to direct the resources and the efforts of the business toward opportunities for economically significant results-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Effective executives put their best people on opportunities rather than on problems-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Every analysis of actual allocation of resources and efforts in business that I have ever seen or made showed clearly that the bulk of time, work, attention, and money first goes to problems rather than to opportunities, and, secondly, to areas where even extraordinarily successful performance will have minimal impact on results-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . An executive who makes many decisions is both lazy and ineffectual-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Time is the scarcest resource, and unless it is managed, nothing else can be managed-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . I have never encountered an executive who remains effective while tackling more than two tasks at a time-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Problem solving, however necessary, does not produce results-dd- It prevents damage-dd- Exploiting opportunities produces results-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . The focus on contribution is the key to effectiveness-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . The knowledge worker cannot be supervised closely or in detail-dd- He can only be helped-dd- But he must direct himself, and he must direct himself toward performance and contribution, that is, toward effectiveness-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . The focus on contribution by itself supplies the four basic requirements of effective human relations: communications; teamwork; self-development; and development of others-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Effective executives do first things first and they do one thing at a time-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . There seems to be little correlation between a man’s effectiveness and his intelligence, his imagination or his knowledge-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Working on the right things is what makes knowledge work effective-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Effective executives do not race-dd- They set an easy pace but keep going steadily-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . The less an organization has to do to produce results, the better it does its job-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . To be effective every knowledge worker, and especially every executive, therefore needs to be able to dispose of time in fairly large chunks-dd- To have small dribs and drabs of time at his disposal will not be sufficient even if the total is an impressive number of hours-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Without an action plan, the executive becomes a prisoner of events-dd- And without check-ins to reexamine the plan as events unfold, the executive has no way of knowing which events really matter and which are only noise-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . The people who get nothing done often work a great deal harder-dd- In the first place, they underestimate the time for any one task-dd- They always expect that everything will go right-dd- Yet, as every executive knows, nothing ever goes right-dd- The unexpected always happens—the unexpected is indeed the only thing one can confidently expect-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . “Is this still worth doing-qq-” And if it isn’t, he gets rid of it so as to be able to concentrate on the few tasks that, if done with excellence, will really make a difference in the results of his own job and in the performance of his organization-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . If there is any one “secret” of effectiveness, it is concentration-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . A boss loves power; a leader loves people-dd- Amit Kalantri . No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself, or to get all the credit for doing it-dd- Andrew Carnegie . A leader is not an administrator who loves to run others, but someone who carries water for his people so that they can get on with their jobs-dd- Robert Townsend . A good leader leads the people from above them-dd- A great leader leads the people from within them-dd- M-dd- D-dd- Arnold . There is a difference between being a leader and being a boss-dd- Both are based on authority-dd- A boss demands blind obedience; a leader earns his authority through understanding and trust-dd- Klaus Balkenhol . I always believe that ultimately, if people are paying attention, then we get good government and good leadership-dd- And when we get lazy, as a democracy and civically start taking shortcuts, then it results in bad government and politics-dd- Barack Obama . I don’t think you lead by pessimism and cynicism-dd- I think you lead by optimism and enthusiasm and energy-dd- Patricia Ireland . A boss says “you do it”, a leader says “Let’s do it”-dd- Amit Kalantri . Managers do things right-dd- Leaders do the right thing-dd- Warren Bennis . People ask the difference between a leader and a boss-dd- The leader leads, and the boss drives-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Good leaders make people feel that they’re at the very heart of things, not at the periphery-dd- Warren Bennis . You can’t sell it outside if you can’t sell it inside-dd- Stan Slap . It is so easy to break down and destroy-dd- The heroes are those who make peace and build-dd- Nelson Mandela . A good leader can engage in a debate frankly and thoroughly, knowing that at the end he and the other side must be closer, and thus emerge stronger-dd- You don’t have that idea when you are arrogant, superficial, and uninformed-dd- Nelson Mandela . The cynics may be the loudest voices – but I promise you, they will accomplish the least-dd- Barack Obama . Few things kill likeability as quickly as arrogance-dd- Likable leaders don’t act as though they’re better than you because they don’t think that they’re better than you-dd- Rather than being a source of prestige, they see their leadership position as bringing them additional accountability for serving those who follow them-dd- Travis Bradberry . Kindness is weak when you use it in a self-serving manner-dd- Self-serving kindness is thin – people can see right through it when a kind leader has an agenda-dd- Travis Bradberry . If you want to be a leader whom people follow with absolute conviction, you have to be a likable leader-dd- Tyrants and curmudgeons with brilliant vision can command a reluctant following for a time, but it never lasts-dd- They burn people out before they ever get to see what anyone is truly capable of-dd- Travis Bradberry . The manager has his eye on the bottom line; the leader has his eye on the horizon-dd- Warren Bennis . The manager has a short-range view; the leader has a long-range perspective-dd- Warren Bennis . What you do has far greater impact than what you say-dd- Steven R-dd- Covey . Good leaders see more in people than people see in themselves-dd- Mark Sanborn . Example is not the main thing in influencing others-dd- It is the only thing-dd- Albert Schweitzer . What you do is what matters, not what you think or say or plan-dd- Jason Fried . That one can truly manage other people is by no means adequately proven-dd- But one can always manage one’s self-dd- Indeed, executives who do not manage themselves for effectiveness cannot possibly expect to manage their associates and subordinates-dd- Management is largely by example-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Disagreement, especially if forced to be reasoned, thought through, documented, is the most effective stimulus we know-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . The best way to lead people into the future is to connect with them deeply in the present-dd- James Kouzes and Barry Posner . Real leadership is leaders recognizing that they serve the people that they lead-dd- Pete Hoekstra . Inspiring conduct has so much more of an impact than coercing it-dd- Thomas Friedman . A leader should have higher grit and tenacity, and be able to endure what the employees can’t-dd- Jack Ma (alibaba-dd-com) . It is much more powerful to get others to agree with you through your actions, without saying a word-dd- Demonstrate, do not explicate-dd- Robert Greene . Real leaders are ordinary people with extraordinary determinations-dd- John Seaman Garns . Great Groups need to know that the person at the top will fight like a tiger for them-dd- Warren Bennis . Courage can be contagious and hope can take on a life of its own-dd- Michelle Obama . Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions-dd- Harold S-dd- Geneen . It’s what you learn after you know it all that counts-dd- John Wooden . All of the great leaders have had one characteristic in common: it was the willingness to confront unequivocally the major anxiety of their people in their time-dd- This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership-dd- John Kenneth Galbraith . True leadership lies in guiding others to success–in ensuring that everyone is performing at their best, doing the work they are pledged to do and doing it well-dd- Bill Owens . If you don’t like something, change it-dd- If you can’t change it, change your attitude-dd- Don’t complain-dd- Maya Angelou . If you would convince a man that he does wrong, do right-dd- But do not care to convince him-dd- Men will believe what they see-dd- Let them see-dd- Henry David Thoreau . It’s impossible to engage people when you’re not engaged yourself, and if you’re not engaged then why should they be-dd- Gordon Tredgold . The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men the conviction and the will to carry on-dd- Walter Lippmann . Identify your problems, but give your power and energy to solutions-dd- Tony Robbins . To have long-term success as a coach or in any position of leadership, you have to be obsessed in some way-dd- Pat Riley . True leaders don’t give consoling answers, they take constructive actions-dd- Amit Kalantri . A true leader leads by empowering not by enslaving-dd- Debasish Mridha . I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself-dd- Robert E-dd- Lee . When you are content to be simply yourself and don’t compare or compete, everyone will respect you-dd- Lao Tzu . Consistency is the true foundation of trust-dd- Either keep your promises or do not make them-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work-dd- Warren Bennis . Remember, teamwork begins by building trust-dd- And the only way to do that is to overcome our need for invulnerability-dd- Patrick Lencioni . If people believe you have a plan, that you know where you are going, they will follow you instinctively-dd- Robert Greene . True leaders actually do very little leading-dd- Instead, they create and maintain a framework that allows others to lead, create, and grow-dd- Neil Strauss . Humans are ambitious and rational and proud-dd- And we don’t fall in line with people who don’t respect us and who we don’t believe have our best interests at heart-dd- We are willing to follow leaders, but only to the extent that we believe they call on our best, not our worst-dd- Rachel Maddow . Leaders must always put their people before themselves-dd- If you do that, your business will take care of itself-dd- Sam Walton (Walmart) . Divorced from ethics, leadership is reduced to management and politics to mere technique-dd- James MacGregor Burns . The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say ‘I-dd-’ And that’s not because they have trained themselves not to say ‘I-dd-’ They don’t think ‘I-dd-’ They think ‘we’; they think ‘team-dd-’ They understand their job to be to make the team function-dd- They accept responsibility and don’t sidestep it, but ‘we’ gets the credit-dd- This is what creates trust, what enables you to get the task done-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . It is the responsibility of intellectuals to speak the truth and expose lies-dd- Noam Chomsky . A leader takes people where they would never go on their own-dd- Hans Finzel . A man can only lead when others accept him as their leader, and he has only as much authority as his subjects give to him-dd- All of the brilliant ideas in the world cannot save your kingdom if no one will listen to them-dd- Brandon Sanderson . One of the best ways to influence people is to make them feel important-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head-dd- If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart-dd- Nelson Mandela . In a battle between two ideas, the best one doesn’t necessarily win-dd- No, the idea that wins is the one with the most fearless heretic behind it-dd- Seth Godin . I don’t see myself being special; I just see myself having more responsibilities than the next man-dd- People look to me to do things for them, to have answers-dd- Tupac Shakur . Leaders can conceive and articulate goals that lift people out of their petty preoccupations and unite them in pursuit of objectives worthy of their best efforts-dd- John Gardner . It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority-dd- Kenneth Blanchard . Emotions are not a choice-dd- Behavior is-dd- Mark Manson . Mastering others is strength-dd- Mastering yourself is true power-dd- Lao Tzu . At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want-dd- Lao Tzu . A strong leader avoids becoming over-confident to the point of impaired judgment-dd- Daniel Lubetzky . The most dangerous leadership myth is that leaders are born – that there is a genetic factor to leadership-dd- This myth asserts that people simply either have certain charismatic qualities or not-dd- That’s nonsense; in fact, the opposite is true-dd- Leaders are made rather than born-dd- Warren Bennis . If I won’t be myself, who will-qq- Alfred Hitchcock . Fear is a useless emotion-dd- Don’t ever make decisions based on fear-dd- Make decisions based on hope and possibility-dd- Michelle Obama . Whether you come from a council estate or a country estate, your success will be determined by your own confidence and fortitude-dd- Michelle Obama . Always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals-dd- Michelle Obama . It’s time you realized that you have something in you more powerful and miraculous than the things that affect you and make you dance like a puppet-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Pursue one great decisive aim with force and determination-dd- Carl von Clausewitz . The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves-dd- Ray Kroc . Know your core competencies and focus on being great at them-dd- Mark Cuban . The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me-dd- Ayn Rand . Life is essentially an endless series of problems-dd- The solution to one problem is merely the creation of another-dd- Mark Manson . You and everyone you know are going to be dead soon-dd- And in the short amount of time between here and there, you have a limited amount of fucks to give-dd- Very few, in fact-dd- And if you go around giving a fuck about everything and everyone without conscious thought or choice – well, then you’re going to get fucked-dd- Mark Manson . To be authentic is literally to be your own author, to discover your own native energies and desires, and then to find your own way of acting on them-dd- Warren Bennis . The most important quality in a leader is integrity: doing the right thing even when it’s hard-dd- Mary Barry (GM) . Every leader has the responsibility to hone his or her integrity-dd- Many times, there are integrity traps that have a tendency to catch well-meaning leaders off guard-dd- Travis Bradberry . Being a leader requires being confident enough in your own decisions and those of your team to own them when they fail-dd- The very best leaders take the blame but share the credit-dd- Travis Bradberry . Everybody’s got a past-dd- The past does not equal the future unless you live there-dd- Tony Robbins . We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . When I hear about negative and false attacks, I really don’t invest any energy in them, because I know who I am-dd- Michelle Obama . Just be true to yourself, don’t try to put on airs and graces or pretend to be something your not-dd- Gordon Tredgold . People who succeed at the highest level are not lucky; they’re doing something differently than everyone else-dd- Tony Robbins . When your values are clear to you, making decisions becomes easier-dd- Roy E-dd- Disney . The most fulfilled and effective people I know – world-famous creatives, billionaires, thought leaders, and more – look at their life’s journey as perhaps 25 percent finding themselves and 75 percent creating themselves-dd- Tim Ferriss . If you hear a voice within you say, ‘You cannot paint,’ then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . Don’t you dare underestimate the power of your own instinct-dd- Barbara Corcoran . Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right-dd- Henry Ford . Trust the still, small voice that says, ‘this might work and I’ll try it’-dd- Diane Mariechild . It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light-dd- Aristotle . You get in life what you have the courage to ask for-dd- Nancy D-dd- Solomon . The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Scientists have shown that achievement depends less on ability in doing research than on the courage to go after opportunity-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Move fast and break things-dd- Unless you are breaking stuff, you are not moving fast enough-dd- Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook) . Cautious, careful people, always casting about to preserve their reputation and social standing, never can bring about a reform-dd- Those who are really in earnest must be willing to be anything or nothing in the world’s estimation, and publicly and privately, in season and out, avow their sympathy with despised and persecuted ideas and their advocates, and bear the consequences-dd- Susan B-dd- Anthony . But to practice leadership, you need to accept that you are in the business of generating chaos, confusion, and conflict-dd- Ronald Heifetz . The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity-dd- Amelia Earhart . Life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent of how I react to it-dd- Charles Swindoll . You get in life what you have the courage to ask for-dd- Nancy D-dd- Solomon . Not taking failures personally allows us to recover – and even to thrive-dd- Sheryl Sandberg (Facebook) . You have to take opportunities and make an opportunity fit for you, rather than the other way around-dd- Sheryl Sandberg . Nothing in life that’s worth anything is easy-dd- Barack Obama . Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Who you are is defined by what you’re willing to struggle for-dd- Mark Manson . Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits-dd- Thomas Edison . Courage is the power of the mind to overcome fear-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . I believe that the most important single thing, beyond discipline and creativity is daring to dare-dd- Maya Angelou . A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new-dd- Albert Einstein . Good things come to those who initiate-dd- Susan RoAne . When it’s tough, will you give up, or will you be relentless-qq- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . Everything you want is on the other side of fear-dd- Jack Canfield . I’m not the bravest or smartest person, but I’m courageous enough to dream big, challenge myself and take bold risks-dd- Richard Branson . Progress will come in fits and starts-dd- It’s not always a straight line-dd- It’s not always a smooth path-dd- Barack Obama . It is impossible to be a maverick or a true original if you’re too well behaved and don’t want to break the rules-dd- You have to think outside the box-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . You can’t be paralyzed by fear of failure or you will never push yourself-dd- You keep pushing because you believe in yourself and in your vision and you know that it is the right thing to do, and success will come-dd- So don’t be afraid to fail-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear-dd- Nelson Mandela . The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Wisdom equals knowledge plus courage-dd- You have to not only know what to do and when to do it, but you have to also be brave enough to follow through-dd- Jarod Kintz . Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage-dd- Anaïs Nin . Courage is grace under pressure-dd- Ernest Hemingway . No pressure, no diamonds-dd- Thomas Carlyle . All alone-xx- Whether you like it or not, alone is something you’ll be quite a lot-xx- Dr-dd- Seuss . Remember: the time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself-dd- Life’s cruelest irony-dd- Douglas Coupland . You can’t base your life on other people’s expectations-dd- Stevie Wonder . Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you’ll be criticized anyway-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . If you’re lonely when you’re alone, you’re in bad company-dd- Jean-Paul Sartre . Whoever is providing leadership needs to be as fresh and thoughtful and reflective as possible to make the very best fight-dd- Faye Wattleton . Leaders should be able to stand alone, take the heat, bear the pain, tell the truth, and do what’s right-dd- Max De Pree . A leader must have the courage to act against an expert’s advice-dd- James Callaghan . I find my life is a lot easier the lower I keep my expectations-dd- Bill Watterson . I do know one thing about me: I don’t measure myself by others’ expectations or let others define my worth-dd- Sonia Sotomayor . Treat a man as he is and he will remain as he is-dd- Treat a man as he can and should be and he will become as he can and should be-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Never idealize others-dd- They will never live up to your expectations-dd- Leo Buscaglia . Let your dreams outgrow the shoes of your expectations-dd- Ryunosuke Satoro . Peace begins when expectation ends-dd- Sri Chinmoy . One always expects something else-dd- Erich Maria Remarque . We live as we dream – alone… Joseph Conrad . Being alone never felt right-dd- sometimes it felt good, but it never felt right-dd- Charles Bukowski . Great athletes perform better under pressure, so put pressure on me-dd- Floyd Mayweather, Jr-dd- . Don’t be afraid of pressure-dd- Pressure is what transforms a lump of coal into a diamond-dd- Nicky Gumbel . A diamond is a chunk of coal that is made good under pressure-dd- Henry A-dd- Kissinger . Your friends will believe in your potential, your enemies will make you live up to it-dd- Tim Fargo . If you want to find the real competition, just look in the mirror-dd- After awhile you’ll see your rivals scrambling for second place-dd- Criss Jami . Don’t ever let the pressure exceed the pleasure-dd- Joe Maddon . The only pressure I’m under is the pressure I’ve put on myself-dd- Mark Messier . Pressure is what you feel when you don’t know what’s going on-dd- Chuck Noll . You should have high expectations for yourself and others should come second-dd- Florence Welch . There are no road signs to help navigate-dd- And in fact, no one has yet determined which side of the road we’re supposed to be on-dd- Steve Case . To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves – there lies the great, singular power of self-respect-dd- Joan Didion . I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you’re not in this world to live up to mine-dd- Bruce Lee . My expectations of other people, I double them on myself-dd- James Brown . Solitude is fine but you need someone to tell that solitude is fine-dd- Honoré de Balzac . All great and precious things are lonely-dd- John Steinbeck . One isn’t born one’s self-dd- One is born with a mass of expectations, a mass of other people’s ideas – and you have to work through it all-dd- V-dd- S-dd- Naipaul . A true leader has the confidence to stand alone, the courage to make tough decisions, and the compassion to listen to the needs of others-dd- He does not set out to be a leader, but becomes one by the equality of his actions and the integrity of his intent-dd- Douglas MacArthur . Expectations are dangerous when they are both too high and unformed-dd- Lionel Shriver . The most courageous act is still to think for yourself-dd- Aloud-dd- Coco Chanel . Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Your job is to create a world that lasts forever-dd- Steven Spielberg . Control your own destiny or someone else will-dd- Jack Welch . A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action-dd- Jawaharlal Nehru . The truly important events on the outside are not the trends-dd- They are the changes in the trends-dd- These determine ultimately the success or failure of an organization and its efforts-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . There’s a silly notion that failure’s not an option at NASA-dd- Failure is an option here-dd- If things are not failing, you are not innovating enough-dd- Elon Musk . Most companies need a “Chief Simplification Officer” more than they need a “Chief Innovation Officer”-dd- Dharmesh Shah (HubSpot) . Changes call for innovation, and innovation leads to progress-dd- Li Keqiang . Leadership can be thought of as a capacity to define oneself to others in a way that clarifies and expands a vision of the future-dd- Edwin H-dd- Friedman . Great leaders always seem to embody two seemingly disparate qualities-dd- They are both highly visionary and highly practical-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Confusion is a word we have invented for an order that is not yet understood-dd- Henry Miller . Standing still = death-dd- The only way to succeed is to be constantly experimenting and innovating-dd- Peter Diamandis . Companies have too many experts who block innovation-dd- True innovation comes from perpendicular thinking-dd- Peter Diamandis . I believe you have to be willing to be misunderstood if you’re going to innovate-dd- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . Always work hard on something uncomfortably exciting-dd- Larry Page (Google) . Any conversation I have about innovation starts with the ultimate goal-dd- Sergey Brin (Google) . Our industry does not respect tradition-dd- What it respects is innovation-dd- Satya Nadella (Microsoft) . America would be a better place if leaders would do more long-term thinking-dd- Wilma Mankiller . It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else-dd- Erma Bombeck . Building a mission and building a business go hand-in-hand-dd- Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook) . Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears-dd- Les Brown . The greatest leaders mobilize others by coalescing people around a shared vision-dd- Ken Blanchard . We did not come to fear the future-dd- We came here to shape it-dd- Barack Obama . If you’re not failing every now and again, it’s a sign you’re not doing anything very innovative-dd- Woody Allen . The best way to predict the future is to invent it-dd- Alan Kay . It seems like the world is crumbling out there, but it is actually a great time in your life to get a little crazy, follow your curiosity and be ambitious about it-dd- Larry Page (Google) . We see the future not as something out of our control, but as something we can shape for the better through concerted and collective effort-dd- Barack Obama . It is often easier to make progress on mega-ambitious dreams-dd- Since no one else is crazy enough to do it, you have little competition-dd- Larry Page . It may be that those who do most, dream most-dd- Stephen Leacock . Don’t listen to the naysayers-dd- Make sure that you’re working your butt off-dd- Make sure that you have a very clear vision of where you want to go-dd- Don’t shoot for lower goals – shoot for the stars-dd-Arnold Schwarzenegger . You can have the best ship in the world, but if the captain doesn’t know where to go, he’s going to just drift around and is going to get lost-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . Something burned inside me-dd- I wanted to be different; I was determined to be unique-dd- I was driven to think big and to dream big-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week-dd- George Patton . Dreams are the touchstones of our characters-dd- Henry David Thoreau . We aim above the mark to hit the mark-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . If you want to build something great, you should focus on what the change is that you want to make in the world-dd- Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook) . There’s an old Wayne Gretzky quote that I love-dd- I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it has been-dd- And we’ve always tried to do that at Apple-dd- Since the very, very beginning-dd- Steve Jobs . Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen-dd- Wayne Huizenga . You can’t just sit there and wait for people to give you that golden dream-dd- You’ve got to get out there and make it happen for yourself-dd- Diana Ross . Whatever you can do, or dream you can do, begin it-dd- Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it-dd- Begin it now-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . If you can dream it, you can do it-dd- Always remember that this whole thing was started with a dream and a mouse-dd- Walt Disney . The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams-dd- Oprah Winfrey . You’ll attract the employees you need if you can explain why your mission is compelling: not why it’s important in general, but why you’re doing something important that no one else is going to get done-dd- Peter Thiel . Infuse your life with action-dd- Don’t wait for it to happen-dd- Make it happen-dd- Make your own future-dd- Make your own hope-dd- Bradley Whitford . Good business leaders create a vision, articulate the vision, passionately own the vision, and relentlessly drive it to completion-dd- Jack Welch . Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs-dd- Farrah Gray . Immerse yourself in the energy of what you desire-dd- Hiro Boga . You have to believe that the dots will somehow connect in your future-dd- Steve Jobs . I have had a lot of setbacks that I have learned from-dd- Susan Wojcicki (Youtube) . Find the smartest people you can and surround yourself with them-dd- Marissa Meyer (Google, Yahoo) . A truly equal world would be one where women ran half our countries and companies and men ran half our homes-dd- Sheryl Sandberg (Facebook) . Leadership is the expectation that you can use your voice for good, that you can make the world a better place-dd- Sheryl Sandberg . I am not in favour of quotas-dd- Just put the best person into the job-dd- It is not about gender; it is about experience, leadership and vision-dd- Angela Ahrendts (Apple Retail Business) . To do what you wanna do, to leave a mark – in a way that you think is important and lasting – that’s a life well-lived-dd- Laurene Powell Jobs (American businesswoman, widow of Steve Jobs) . We are responsible for each other-dd- I am trying to convince doubters-dd- There is still work to do-dd- Angela Merkel (German politician) . It does not make sense that everybody should duplicate efforts when we could be working together-dd- Theresa May (British politician) . A woman with a voice is by definition a strong woman-dd- But the search to find that voice can be remarkably difficult-dd- Melinda Gates (American philanthropist) . Connect deeply with others-dd- Our humanity is the one thing that we all have in common-dd- Melinda Gates . If you do every job like you’re going to do it for the rest of your life, that’s when you get noticed-dd- Mary Barra (CEO of General Motors) . Even a small reduction in errors and rework can have a significant impact-dd- Abigail Johnson (Fidelity Investments) . Forget about the fast lane-dd- If you really want to fly, just harness your power to your passion-dd- Oprah Winfrey (American media proprietor) . Turn your wounds into wisdom-dd- Oprah Winfrey . To me, leadership is about encouraging people-dd- It’s about stimulating them-dd- It’s about enabling them to achieve what they can achieve – and to do that with a purpose-dd- Christine Lagarde (International Monetary Fund) . The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of a mistake-dd- Meg Whitman (American business executive) . It’s all to do with the training: you can do a lot if you’re properly trained-dd- Queen Elizabeth II (Queen of the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand since 6 February 1952) . Women are the largest untapped reservoir of talent in the world-dd- Hillary Clinton (American statesman) . As more and more women, men and young people raise their voices and become active in local government, and more local leaders take action for the safety of women and girls, change happens-dd- Michelle Bachelet (Chile) . ‘Never look back’ is my philosophy-dd- Helen Clark (New Zealand) . We do not need magic to transform our world-dd- We carry all of the power we need inside ourselves already-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling (Harry Potter) . There are still many causes worth sacrificing for, so much history yet to be made-dd- Michelle Obama (ex first lady of United-States) . We need to do a better job of putting ourselves higher on our own ‘to do’ list-dd- Michelle Obama . To achieve something meaningful, you need to know where you are heading and be willing to train hard to get there-dd- Arianna Huffington (Greek American author) . I don’t want other people to decide who I am-dd- I want to decide that for myself-dd- Emma Watson (British actress, activist, Harry Potter) . A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle-dd- Gloria Steinem (American feminist and activist) . Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities-dd- Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning-dd- Gloria Steinem . Greatness is consistency driven by a deep love of the work-dd- Maria Popova Maria Popova (Bulgarian-born writer, brainpickings-dd-org) . A leader who doesn’t hesitate before he sends his nation into battle is not fit to be a leader-dd- Golda Meir (Israeli teacher) . Turbulence is the beginning of a fruitful process of transformation-dd- Indra Nooyi (PepsiCo) . We realize the importance of our voices only when we are silenced-dd- Malala Yousafzai (Pakistani activist, youngest Nobel Prize laureate) . Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person-dd- Mother Teresa (Albanian-Indian Roman Catholic nun and missionary) . No one can grow if he does not accept his smallness-dd- Pope Francis (266th Pope of the Catholic Church) . Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago-dd- Warren Buffett (American business magnate, second-highest amount given to charity ($30-dd-7 billion) among the greatest philanthropists) . Strength and wisdom are not opposing values-dd- Bill Clinton (42nd President of the United States) . Our prime purpose in this life is to help others-dd- And if you can’t help them, at least don’t hurt them-dd- Dalai Lama (real name Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama) . If you can’t tolerate critics, don’t do anything new or interesting-dd- Jeff Bezos (Amazon-dd-com) . A leader should have higher grit and tenacity, and be able to endure what the employees can’t-dd- Jack Ma (Alibaba) . It doesn’t matter how great your original product or idea is, if you can’t build a great company, then your product will not endure-dd- Brian Chesky (Airbnb) . When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla, SpaceX) . Leadership should be focused on extending the ladder of opportunity for everyone-dd- Justin Trudeau (23rd Prime Minister of Canada) . In order to remain relevant, you must establish yourself as a thought leader in your industry-dd- Marc BenioffMarc Benioff (Salesforce) . The best cure for the body is a quiet mind-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte (French statesman and military leader) . The truest wisdom is a resolute determination-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . The hardest thing about being a leader is demonstrating or showing vulnerability… When the leader demonstrates vulnerability and sensibility and brings people together, the team wins-dd- Howard Schultz (Starbucks) . I think if you do something and it turns out pretty good, then you should go do something else wonderful, not dwell on it for too long-dd- Just figure out what’s next-dd- Steve Jobs (Apple) . The sidelines are not where you want to live your life-dd- The world needs you in the arena-dd- Tim Cook (Apple) . Abundance is not about providing everyone on this planet with a life of luxury—rather it’s about providing all with a life of possibility-dd- Peter Diamandis (X Prize Foundation, Greek American engineer) . Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man’s character, give him power-dd- Abraham Lincoln (16th President of the United States) . My country is the world, and my religion is to do good-dd- Thomas Paine (English-born American political activist) . You have as much laughter as you have faith-dd- Martin Luther (German professor of theology, composer, priest, and monk) . The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don’t do anything about it-dd- Albert Einstein (German-born theoretical physicist) . You must not lose faith in humanity-dd- Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty-dd- Mahatma Gandhi (Indian activist, leader of the Indian independence movement against British rule) . Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened-dd- Buddha (sage, on whose teachings Buddhism was founded) . Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle-dd- Plato (Greek philosopher) . It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop-dd- Confucius (Chinese teacher) . They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety-dd- Benjamin Franklin (polymath and one of the Founding Fathers of the United States) . What worries you, masters you-dd- John Locke (English philosopher and physician) . Know thy self, know thy enemy-dd- A thousand battles, a thousand victories-dd- Sun Tzu (Chinese general, military strategist) . I am the captain of my soul-dd- Nelson Mandela (South African anti-apartheid revolutionary) . Making your mark on the world is hard-dd- If it were easy, everybody would do it-dd- But it’s not-dd- It takes patience, it takes commitment and it comes with plenty of failure along the way-dd- Barack Obama (44th President of the United States from 2009 to 2017) . If you work hard and meet your responsibilities, you can get ahead, no matter where you come from, what you look like or who you love-dd- Barack Obama . It is absolutely necessary… for me to have persons that can think for me, as well as execute orders-dd- George Washington (first President of the United States from 1789 to 1797) . Old minds are like old horses; you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order-dd- John Adams (second President of the United States from 1797-1801) . Whenever you do a thing, act as if all the world were watching-dd- Thomas Jefferson (third President of the United States from 1801 to 1809) . If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader-dd- John Quincy Adams (sixth President of the United States from 1825 to 1829) . Human kindness has never weakened the stamina or softened the fiber of a free people-dd- A nation does not have to be cruel to be tough-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt (32nd President of the United States from 1933 until his death in 1945) . You do not lead by hitting people over the head – that’s assault, not leadership-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower (34th President of the United States from 1953 to 1961) . The supreme quality of leadership is integrity-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . Pull the string, and it will follow wherever you wish-dd- Push it, and it will go nowhere at all-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . Things do not happen-dd- Things are made to happen-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy (35th President of the United States from January 1961 until his assassination in November 1963) . Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . The greater our knowledge increases, the more our ignorance unfolds-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Let us never negotiate out of fear-dd- But let us never fear to negotiate-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . There are risks and costs to action-dd- But they are far less than the long-range risks of comfortable inaction-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Victory has a hundred fathers and defeat is an orphan-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Man is still the most extraordinary computer of all-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Change is the law of life-dd- And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Doing what is right isn’t the problem-dd- It is knowing what is right-dd- Lyndon B Johnson (36th President of the United States from 1963 to 1969) . The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things-dd- He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things-dd- Ronald Reagan (40th President of the United States from 1981 to 1989) . You are not here merely to make a living-dd- You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement-dd- You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand-dd- Woodrow Wilson (28th President of the United States from 1913 to 1921) . Continuous effort – not strength or intelligence – is the key to unlocking our potential-dd- Winston Churchill (Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1940 to 1945 and again from 1951 to 1955) . Don’t follow the crowd, let the crowd follow you-dd- Margaret Thatcher (Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1979 to 1990) . Good leaders must first become good servants-dd- Robert Greenleaf . Part 1-dd- Our society is founded on a very limited definition of power, namely wealth, professional success, fame, physical strength, military might, and political control-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Part 2-dd- My dear friends, I suggest that there is another kind of power, a greater power: the power to be happy right in the present moment, free from addiction, fear, despair, discrimination, anger and ignorance-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Outstanding leaders go out of their way to boost the self-esteem of their personnel-dd- If people believe in themselves, it’s amazing what they can accomplish-dd- Sam Walton (Wal-Mart) . I never thought in terms of being a leader-dd- I thought very simply in terms of helping people-dd- John Hume . Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . The less you talk, the more people think about your words-dd- Unknown . If you knew how much work went into it, you wouldn’t call it genius-dd- Michelangelo . A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops-dd- Henry Adams . If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves-dd- Thomas Edison . Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up-dd- Thomas Edison . If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be-dd- Now put the foundations under them-dd- Henry David Thoreau . All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them-dd- Walt Disney . Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it-dd- Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Leaders aren’t born they are made-dd- And they are made just like anything else, through hard work-dd- And that’s the price we’ll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal-dd- Vince Lombardi . The challenge of leadership is to be strong but not rude; be kind, but not weak; be bold, but not a bully; be humble, but not timid; be proud, but not arrogant; have humor, but without folly-dd- Jim Rohn . I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody-dd- Herbert B-dd- Swope . You don’t lead by pointing and telling people some place to go-dd- You lead by going to that place and making a case-dd- Ken Kesey . Successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity-dd- Reed Markham . The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Whatever happens, take responsibility-dd- Tony Robbins . Never whine, never complain, never try to justify yourself-dd- Robert Greene . If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door-dd- Milton Berle . If you don’t like something, change it-dd- If you can’t change it, change your attitude-dd- Maya Angelou . It is good people who make good places-dd- Anna Sewell . We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars-dd- Oscar Wilde . Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can-dd- Richard Bach . Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character-dd- Albert Einstein . Keep your thoughts positive because your thoughts become your words-dd- Keep your words positive because your words become your behavior-dd- Keep your behavior positive because your behavior becomes your habits-dd- Keep your habits positive because your habits become your values-dd- Keep your values positive because your values become your destiny-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Men do not attract that which they want, but that which they are-dd- James Allen . A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Your problem isn’t the problem, it’s your attitude about the problem-dd- Ann Brashares . It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters-dd- Epictetus . To put the world right in order, we must first put the nation in order; to put the nation in order, we must first put the family in order; to put the family in order, we must first cultivate our personal life; we must first set our hearts right-dd- Confucius . A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough-dd- Bruce Lee . Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out-dd- John Wooden . The meaning of things lies not in the things themselves, but in our attitude towards them-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . You really can change the world if you care enough-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . I don’t like that man-dd- I must get to know him better-dd- Abraham Lincoln . The most effective attitude to adopt is one of supreme acceptance-dd- Robert Greene . I am not a product of my circumstances-dd- I am a product of my decisions-dd- Stephen Covey . A discriminating irreverence is the creator and protector of human liberty-dd- Mark Twain . The most important decision you make is to be in a good mood-dd- Voltaire . What others think of me is none of my business-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . In the depth of winter I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer-dd- Albert Camus . What they call you is one thing-dd- What you answer to is something else-dd- Lucille Clifton . When you can’t change the direction of the wind — adjust your sails-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr . Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life; not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Two things define you: your patience when you have nothing and your attitude when you have everything-dd- George Bernard Shaw . No one will hit you harder than life itself-dd- It doesn’t matter how hard you hit back-dd- It’s about how much you can take, and keep fighting, how much you can suffer and keep moving forward-dd- That’s how you win-dd- Sylvester Stallone . We lost because we told ourselves we lost-dd- Leo Tolstoy . An optimist is the human personification of spring-dd- Susan J-dd- Bissonette . You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind-dd- Joyce Meyer (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference-dd- Winston Churchill . Attitudes are nothing more than habits of thought-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Attitudes are a secret power working twenty-four hours a day, for good or bad-dd- It is of paramount importance that we know how to harness and control this great force-dd- Irving Berlin . Attitude is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than what people do or say-dd- It is more important than appearance, giftedness, or skill-dd- W-dd- C-dd- Fields . Attitude is everything, so pick a good one-dd- Wayne Dyer . Attitude is altitude-dd- Nick Vujicic . No one can make you feel inferior without your consent-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude-dd- Oprah Winfrey . When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us-dd- Helen Keller . A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties-dd- Harry S-dd- Truman . If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters-dd- Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude-dd- Colin Powell . When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it-dd- Henry Ford . If you think you can, you can-dd- And if you think you can’t, you’re right-dd- Henry Ford . I’m a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing-dd- Abraham Lincoln . If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading-dd- Lao Tzu . You must be the change you want to see in the world-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination-dd- Jimmy Dean . Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so-dd- William Shakespeare . Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow-dd- Helen Keller . Pessimism never won any battle-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude-dd- Zig Ziglar . Attitudes are more important than facts-dd- George MacDonald . I will not take “but” for an answer-dd- Langston Hughes . Your aspirations are your possibilities-dd- Samuel Johnson . Don’t explain your philosophy-dd- Embody it-dd- Epictetus . Attitude will always define who we are in life-dd- Mark A-dd- Brennan . To fly, we have to have resistance-dd- Maya Lin . Preparation + Attitude + Opportunity + Action = Luck-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Every wall is a door-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . A bad attitude is worse than a bad swing-dd- Payne Stewart . Only you can control your future-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier-dd- Colin Powell . Every day brings new choices-dd- Martha Beck . Excellence is not a skill-dd- It is an attitude-dd- Ralph Marston . Responsibility is the great developer of men-dd- Mary Parker Follett . You become what you think about-dd- Napoleon Hill . If you think you can’t, you’re right-dd- Carol Bartz . Attitude determines the altitude of life-dd- Edwin Louis Cole . Only I can change my life-dd- No one can do it for me-dd- Carol Burnett . I don’t get lucky-dd- I make my own luck-dd- Harvey Specter (Suits) . If you own this story you get to write the ending-dd- Brené Brown . Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle-dd- Napoleon Hill . You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one-dd- James A-dd- Froude . Action springs not from thought, but from a readiness for responsibility-dd- Dietrich Bonhoeffer . Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new-dd- Og Mandino . The greatest revolution of our generation is the discovery that human beings, by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives-dd- William James . Put yourself in a state of mind where you say to yourself, “Here is an opportunity for me to celebrate like never before, my own power, my own ability to get myself to do whatever is necessary”-dd- Unknown . The quickest way to change your attitude toward pain is to accept the fact that everything that happens to us has been designed for our spiritual growth-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same-dd- As we are liberated from our fear, our presence automatically liberates others-dd- Marianne Williamson . The world belongs to those who set out to conquer it armed with self-confidence and good humour-dd- Charles Dickens . The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled-dd- For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . Then, without realizing it, you try to improve yourself at the start of each new day; of course, you achieve quite a lot in the course of time-dd- Anyone can do this, it costs nothing and is certainly very helpful-dd- Whoever doesn’t know it must learn and find by experience that a quiet conscience makes one strong-dd- Anne Frank . Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs-dd- Farrah Gray . The price of greatness is responsibility-dd- Winston Churchill . When you’re backed against the wall, break the goddamn thing down-dd- Harvey Specter (Suits) . Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it-dd- Ella Williams . Change your thoughts and you change your world-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises-dd- Demosthenes . I don’t think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains-dd- Anne Frank . I’ve developed a new philosophy-dd- I only dread one day at a time-dd- Charlie Brown . I am convinced that life is 10% what happens to me and 96% how I react to it-dd- Scipio Africanus . ‎Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats-dd- Voltaire . You’re lucky if you found a person who never gets tired of understanding your nonsense attitude-dd- Unknown . Before you diagnose yourself with depression or low self-esteem, first make sure you are not, in fact, surrounded by assholes-dd- Sigmund Freud . Fuck it… That’s really the attitude that keeps a family together, it’s not “we love each other”, it’s just “fuck it, man”-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . Let them hate-dd- Just make sure they spell your name right-dd- Harvey Specter (Suits) . Life has no remote-dd- Get up and change it yourself-dd- Mark A-dd- Cooper . A bad attitude is like a flat tire-dd- You can’t go anywhere until you change it-dd- Unknown . People only see what they are prepared to see-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . We don’t see things as they are, we see them as we are-dd- Anais Nin . If you don’t get everything you want, think of the things you don’t get that you don’t want-dd- Oscar Wilde . For everything there is a season, and a time for every matter under heaven: a time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a time to pluck up what is planted; a time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to break down, and a time to build up; a time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance; a time to throw away stones, and a time to gather stones together; a time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing; a time to seek, and a time to lose; a time to keep, and a time to throw away; a time to tear, and a time to sew; a time to keep silence, and a time to speak; a time to love, and a time to hate, a time for war, and a time for peace-dd- Ecclesiastes 3:1-8 . We who lived in concentration camps can remember the men who walked through the huts comforting others, giving away their last piece of bread-dd- They may have been few in number, but they offer sufficient proof that everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms – to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way-dd- Viktor Frankl . We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . Circumstances do not make you what you are, they reveal what you are-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Always keep that happy attitude-dd- Pretend that you are holding a beautiful fragrant bouquet-dd- Earl Nightingale . My life is an indivisible whole, and all my attitudes run into one another; and they all have their rise in my insatiable love for mankind-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Behavior is the mirror in which everyone shows their image-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The worst thing that can happen to a man who gambles is to win-dd- Charles Spurgeon . We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Eagles come in all shapes and sizes, but you will recognize them chiefly by their attitudes-dd- E-dd- F-dd- Schumacher . He who has so little knowledge of human nature as to seek happiness by changing anything but his own disposition will waste his life in fruitless efforts-dd- Samuel Johnson . Better to be emotionally intelligent than intellectually intelligent-dd- Neil Strauss . Your attitude is more important than your capabilities-dd- Similarly, your decision is more important than your capabilities-dd- Jack Ma . To be upset over what you don’t have is to waste what you do have-dd- Unknown . You can’t always have a good day-dd- But you can always face a bad day with a good attitude-dd- Unknown . Ability is what you’re capable of doing-dd- Motivation determines what you do-dd- Attitude determines how well you do it-dd- Lou Holtz . People of little understanding are most apt to be angry when their sense is called into question-dd- Samuel Richardson . So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight-dd- Arthur Ashe . It isn’t what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it’s what we say to ourselves about what happens-dd- Pema Chodron . Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Correction does much, but encouragement does more-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Don’t spend your precious time asking “Why isn’t the world a better place-qq-” It will only be time wasted-dd- The question to ask is “How can I make it better-qq-” To that there is an answer-dd- Leo Buscaglia . Having a positive mental attitude is asking how something can be done rather than saying it can’t be done-dd- Robert Foster Bennett . A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes-dd- Hugh Downs . You cannot tailor-make the situations in life but you can tailor-make the attitudes to fit those situations-dd- Zig Ziglar . Be happy in the moment, that’s enough-dd- Each moment is all we need, not more-dd- Mother Teresa . The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances-dd- Martha Washington . The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but your thoughts about it-dd- Eckhart Tolle . A loving person lives in a loving world-dd- A hostile person lives in a hostile world-dd- Ken Keyes Jr-dd- . It is good to have an end to journey towards; but it is the journey that matters in the end-dd- Ursula Le Guin . It isn’t what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy-dd- It is what you think about it-dd- Dale Carnegie . It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible-dd- From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come-dd- Dalai Lama . You cannot all abandon your possessions, but at least you can change your attitude about them-dd- All getting separates you from others; all giving unites to others-dd- Francis of Assisi . The remarkable thing is that we really love our neighbor as ourselves: we do unto others as we do unto ourselves-dd- We hate others when we hate ourselves-dd- We are tolerant toward others when we tolerate ourselves-dd- We forgive others when we forgive ourselves-dd- We are prone to sacrifice others when we are ready to sacrifice ourselves-dd- Eric Hoffer . I have found that if you love life, life will love you back-dd- Arthur Rubinstein . The Kingdom of Heaven is not a place, but a state of mind-dd- John Burroughs . The longer I live, the more I realize the impact of attitude on life-dd- Charles R-dd- Swindoll . Good humour is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society-dd- William Makepeace . If you want light to come into your life, you need to stand where it is shining-dd- Guy Finley . You are not what happened to you, you are what you choose to become-dd- Unknown . Whenever you’re in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it-dd- That factor is attitude-dd- William James . When you choose to be pleasant and positive in the way you treat others, you have also chosen, in most cases, how you are going to be treated by others-dd- Zig Ziglar . Your attitude is everything, and it determines how you experience every aspect of your life-dd- Gerald Jampolsky . Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact-dd- William James . Choose to be optimistic, it feels better-dd- Dalai Lama . A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug-dd- Patricia Neal . Look on every exit as being an entrance somewhere else-dd- Tom Stoppard . Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will-dd- Zig Ziglar . View the events you consider obstacles as perfect opportunities to test your resolve and find your purpose-dd- Wayne Dyer . Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending-dd- Mary Robinson . You can do anything if you have enthusiasm-dd- Henry Ford . Optimism refuses to believe that the road ends without options-dd- Robert H-dd- Schuller . Positive people are able to maintain a broader perspective and see the big picture which helps them identify solutions where as negative people maintain a narrower perspective and tend to focus on problems-dd- Barbara Fredrickson . Do the right thing because it’s the right thing to do, not because you want something in return-dd- Unknown . There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference-dd- The little difference is attitude-dd- The big difference is whether it is positive or negative-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . An attitude of positive expectation is the mark of the superior personality-dd- Brian Tracy . Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become-dd- Jim Rohn . We choose what attitudes we have right now-dd- And it’s a continuing choice-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes-dd- It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results-dd- Wade Boggs . If your attitude toward the world is good, you will obtain good results-dd- If your attitude is excellent, excellent will your results-dd- Earl Nightingale . With every adversity there is a seed of an equivalent or greater benefit for those who are motivated with positive mental attitude to become achievers-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think-dd- Winnie The Pooh . Any time you sincerely want to make a change, the first thing you must do is to raise your standards-dd- Tony Robbins . I’ve never been poor, only broke-dd- Being poor is a frame of mind-dd- Being broke is only a temporary situation-dd- Mike Todd . Your mental attitude attracts to you everything that makes you what you are-dd- Napoleon Hill . Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power-dd- William James . The only disability in life is a bad attitude-dd- Scott Hamilton . Nothing is easier than self-deceit-dd- For what each man wishes, that he also believes to be true-dd- Demosthenes . The trick is in what one emphasizes-dd- We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy-dd- The amount of work is the same-dd- Carlos Castaneda . Man often becomes what he believes himself to be-dd- If I keep on saying to myself that I cannot do a certain thing, it is possible that I may end by really becoming incapable of doing it-dd- On the contrary, if I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . If you keep saying things are going to be bad, you have a good chance of being a prophet-dd- Isaac Bashevis Singer . Life is a daily cleansing-dd- Negativity must be washed away, if you wish to attract positive experiences to your life-dd- Leon Brown . People who retain their childish attitudes will rarely be able to hold on to the success they may achieve through their talent-dd- Robert Greene . Skeptical, cynical attitudes can actually cut us off from so many interesting questions, and from reality itself-dd- Robert Greene . Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you’ll start having positive results-dd- Willie Nelson . Good talent with bad attitude equals bad talent-dd- Bill Walsh . Positive anything is better than negative nothing-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Man is nothing else but what he makes of himself-dd- Jean-Paul Sartre . If you can’t change your fate, change your attitude-dd- Amy Tan . You save yourself or you remain unsaved-dd- Alice Sebold . Man must cease attributing his problems to his environment, and learn again to exercise his will – his personal responsibility-dd- Albert Einstein . Thought is the sculptor who can create the person you want to be-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The remarkable thing is, we have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day-dd- Charles R-dd- Swindoll . No matter what the situation, remind yourself ” I have a choice”-dd- Deepak Chopra . All you can change is yourself, but sometimes that changes everything-xx- Gary W Goldstein . When you blame others, you give up your power to change-dd- Unknown . Everything changes for the better when you take ownership of your own problems-dd- Robert Ringer . You may not be able to change a situation, but with humor you can change your attitude about it-dd- Allen Klein . They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself-dd- Andy Warhol . Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one-dd- Hans Selye . Always look at what you have left-dd- Never look at what you have lost-dd- Robert H-dd- Schuller . Man can alter his life by altering his thinking-dd- William James . You will find the whole world will change to you when you change your attitude toward it-dd- Orison Swett Marden . One can choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances-dd- Viktor E-dd- Frankl . We cannot change our past-dd- We cannot change the fact that people act in a certain way-dd- We cannot change the inevitable-dd- The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude-dd- Charles R-dd- Swindoll . The most significant change in a person’s life is a change of attitude-dd- Right attitudes produce right actions-dd- William J-dd- Johnston . If you want to change attitudes, start with a change in behavior-dd- Katharine Hepburn . If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change-dd- Wayne Dyer . Time is the coin of life-dd- Only you can determine how it will be spent-dd- Carl Sandburg . Success is 80% attitude and 20% aptitude-dd- Navjot Singh Sidhu . A man of character will make himself worthy of any position he is given-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . If you want to lead on the highest level, be willing to serve on the lowest-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . People don’t care how much you know until they know how much you care-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Suspicion against every kind of authority grew out of this experience, an attitude which has never again left me-dd- Albert Einstein . I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble-dd- Helen Keller . Attitude and personality are as important as experience and ability-dd- Brian Tracy . A healthy attitude is contagious but don’t wait to catch it from others-dd- Be a carrier-dd- Tom Stoppard . The most successful people are those who are good at plan B-dd- James Yorke . There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes-dd- William Bennett . Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else-dd- J-dd-M-dd- Barrie . Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving-dd- Dale Carnegie . If you build the guts to do something, anything, then you better save enough to face the consequences-dd- Criss Jami . If you’re not enjoying your work, you should either change your attitude, or change your job-dd- Leo Tolstoy . You can only become truly accomplished at something you love-dd- Don’t make money your goal-dd- Instead pursue the things you love doing and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off of you-dd- Maya Angelou . If you will call your troubles experiences, and remember that every experience develops some latent force within you, you will grow vigorous and happy, however adverse your circumstances may seem to be-dd- John Heywood . It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome-dd- William James . Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us-dd- Earl Nightingale . Be an independent thinker at all times, and ignore anyone who attempts to define you in a limiting way-dd- Sherry Argov . Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you-dd- Never excuse yourself-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . In all affairs it’s a healthy thing now and then to hang a question mark on the things you have long taken for granted-dd- Bertrand Russell . And there are people that will stand in your corner and convince you to stand up for another round no matter what-dd- Pete Wentz . Work is either fun or drudgery-dd- It depends on your attitude-dd- I like fun-dd- Colleen C-dd- Barrett . Be just as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your own-dd- Christian D-dd- Larson . Your people are a mirror of your attitude-dd- If you have a poor attitude, you can’t expect your people to be upbeat-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . We awaken in others the same attitude of mind we hold toward them-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Seek first to understand, then to be understood-dd- Stephen Covey . The way we see the problem is the problem-dd- Stephen Covey . A winner never stops trying-dd- Tom Landry . If they don’t have a winning attitude, I don’t want them-dd- Bear Bryant . Great effort springs naturally from great attitude-dd- Pat Riley . My attitude is never to be satisfied, never enough, never-dd- Duke Ellington . The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential… these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence-dd- Confucius . I think the most important thing of all for any team is a winning attitude-dd- The coaches must have it-dd- The players must have it-dd- The student body must have it-dd- If you have dedicated players who believe in themselves, you don’t need a lot of talent-dd- Bear Bryant . Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . The winner’s edge is not in a gifted birth, a high IQ, or in talent-dd- The winner’s edge is all in the attitude, not aptitude-dd- Attitude is the criterion for success-dd- Denis Waitley . What’s the secret to success-qq- It’s no secret-dd- You need a winning attitude, honesty and integrity, and a burning desire to succeed-dd- Dave Thomas . Virtually nothing on earth can stop a person with a positive attitude who has his goals clearly in sight-dd- Denis Waitley . For success, attitude is equally as important as ability-dd- Walter Scott . To succeed, we must first believe that we can-dd- Michael Korda . Winners never quit and quitters never win-dd- Vince Lombardi . Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence-dd- Vince Lombardi . You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win-dd- Zig Ziglar . Don’t live life as a spectator-dd- Always examine life: Espouse new ideas, long for new things, constantly discovering new interests, escaping from boring routines-dd- Engage life with enthusiasm; grasping life aggressively and squeezing from it every drop of excitement, satisfaction, and joy-dd- The key to unleashing life’s potential is attitude-dd- The person who approaches life with a child-like wonder is best prepared to defy the limitations of time, is more alive, more of a participant in life than the person who remains a spectator-dd- Felix Baumgartner . Peak performance begins with your taking complete responsibility for your life and everything that happens to you-dd- Brian Tracy . The next time you feel slightly uncomfortable with the pressure in your life, remember no pressure, no diamonds-dd- Pressure is a part of success-dd- Eric Thomas . Don’t take reset after your first victory because if you fail in second, more lips are waiting to say that your first victory was just luck-dd- A-dd-P-dd-J Abdul Kalam . Achievers have a can-do attitude that sets them apart from mere dreamers-dd- Achievers are sold out to success – no matter the obstacles – and they are willing to put forth the effort and pay the price of success-dd- Jim Rohn . Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Definiteness of purpose with positive mental attitude is the starting point of all worthwhile achievement-dd- Napoleon Hill . The secret is contained in a three-part formula I learned in the gym: self-confidence, a positive mental attitude, and honest hard work-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . Who we become is the result of our disciplined actions-dd- Brendon Burchard . Do the act and the attitude follows-dd- Noah Kagan . Champions keep playing until they get it right-dd- Billie Jean King . You have to believe in yourself when no one else does-dd- Serena Williams . Champions aren’t made in the gyms-dd- Champions are made from something they have deep inside them-a desire, a dream, a vision-dd- Muhammad Ali . If you don’t see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner-dd- Zig Ziglar . Gratitude is riches-dd- Complaint is poverty-dd- Doris Day . Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you-dd- Les Brown . The thankful heart will find, in every hour, some heavenly blessings-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it-dd- William Arthur Ward . Train yourself never to put off the word or action for the expression of gratitude-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Appreciation can make a day—even change a life-dd- Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary-dd- Margaret Cousins . Of all the ‘attitudes’ we can acquire, surely the attitude of gratitude is the most important and by far the most life-changing-dd- Zig Ziglar . Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you’re going to live your life-dd- Joel Osteen . Be gentle with yourself, learn to love yourself, to forgive yourself, for only as we have the right attitude toward ourselves can we have the right attitude toward others-dd- Wilferd Peterson . Develop an ‘attitude of gratitude-dd-’ Say thank you to everyone you meet for everything they do for you-dd- Brian Tracy . With everything that has happened to you, you can either feel sorry for yourself or treat what has happened as a gift-dd- Everything is either an opportunity to grow or an obstacle to keep you from growing-dd- You get to choose-dd- Wayne Dyer . I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought; and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . When a person doesn’t have gratitude, something is missing in his or her humanity-dd- A person can almost be defined by his or her attitude toward gratitude-dd- Elie Wiesel . When we focus on our gratitude, the tide of disappointment goes out and the tide of love rushes in-dd- Kristin Armstrong . As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Gratitude doesn’t change the scenery-dd- It merely washes clean the glass you look through so you can clearly see the colors-dd- Richelle E-dd- Goodrich . Gratitude opens the door to the power, the wisdom, the creativity of the universe-dd- You open the door through gratitude-dd- Deepak Chopra . If we can develop a truly humble attitude, we can change the world-dd- Pope Francis . Gratitude turns what we have into enough-dd- Melody Beattie . Be patient-dd- Relax and trust-dd- Let go-dd- Then, let go some more-dd- Melody Beattie . To hell with circumstances-dd- I create opportunities-dd- Bruce Lee . The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves-dd- William Shakespeare . To be upset over what you don’t have is to waste what you do have-dd- Ken Keyes Jr . Try not to react merely in the moment-dd- Pull back from the situation-dd- Take a wider view-dd- Compose yourself-dd- Epictetus . You must not get hung up on any single frame of mind-dd- Adopt an attitude appropriate to the moment-dd- Robert Greene . There is one thing we can actually control—the mind-set with which we respond to the events around us-dd- Robert Greene . How you carry yourself reflects what you think of yourself-dd- Robert Greene . You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you-dd- Brian Tracy . It is important to expect nothing, to take every experience, including the negative ones, as merely steps on the path, and to proceed-dd- Ram Dass . Liberty means responsibility-dd- That is why most men dread it-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Showing a lack of self-control is in the same vein granting authority to others – perhaps I need someone else to control me-dd- Criss Jami . Self-confidence is an attitude and attitudes are more important than facts-dd- Brian Tracy . Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind-dd- To talk health, happiness and prosperity to every person you meet-dd- To make all your friends feel that there is some thing in them-dd- Christian D-dd- Larson . When you no longer perceive the world as hostile, there is no more fear, and when there is no more fear, you think, speak and act differently-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Disciplining yourself to do what you know is right and important, although difficult, is the high road to pride, self-esteem and personal satisfaction-dd- Brian Tracy . The greatest day in your life and mine is when we take total responsibility for our attitudes-dd- That’s the day we truly grow up-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Your present circumstances don’t determine where you can go they merely determine where you start-dd- Nido Qubein . Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do-dd- Buddha . Be the light in the dark, be the calm in the storm and be at peace while at war-dd- Michael Dolan . No one will come in to rescue you-dd- You just have to step out somehow, and make your dreams come true-dd- Moffat Machingura . What difference does it make how much you have-qq- What you do not have amounts to much more-dd- Seneca . Take charge of your attitude-dd- Don’t let someone else choose it for you-dd- Dale Carnegie . You cannot change the course of events, but you can change your attitude, and what really matters is the attitude and not the mere event-dd- Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj . If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens-dd- Epictetus . When a man is prey to his emotions, he is not his own master-dd- Baruch Spinoza . Never wish life were easier, wish that you were better-dd- Jim Rohn . You can often change your circumstances by changing your attitude-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . You need to hear this loud and clear: No one is coming-dd- It is up to you-dd- Mel Robbins . You can’t control how you feel-dd- But you can always choose how you act-dd- Mel Robbins . The problem was very clear-dd- It was me-dd- I was holding myself back-dd- Mel Robbins . Nobody was my support-dd- You have to support yourself and I think that is the beauty of being a woman-dd- Kangana Ranaut . I cannot pretend to be sorry for things that I am not, and I cannot pretend to be somebody else that I am not-dd- Kangana Ranaut . I need nothing from my companion-dd- No money, no financial security, no emotional support, nothing-dd- All I want is the freedom to be myself-dd- Kangana Ranaut . I am a lot more than my appearance, or my age, or my colour, or my hair-dd- Kangana Ranaut . Be a girl with a mind, a woman with attitude, and a lady with class-dd- Unknown . Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody’s going to know whether you did it or not-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Don’t let someone else’s opinion of you become your reality-dd- Les Brown . It doesn’t matter where you are coming from-dd- All that matters is where you are going-dd- Brian Tracy . You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you-dd- Brian Tracy . If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams-dd- Les Brown . Take time as it comes, the wind as it blows, woman as she is-dd- Alfred de Musset . Life isn’t fair-dd- It never will be-dd- Quit trying to make it fair-dd- You don’t need it to be fair-dd- Go make life unfair to your advantages-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Be proud of who you are-dd- Eminem . If you have enemies, good that means you stood up for something-dd- Eminem . Our attitude towards life determines life’s attitude towards us-dd- Earl Nightingale . Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change-dd- Confucius . To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often-dd- Winston Churchill . How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world-dd- Anne Frank . Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change-dd- Stephen Hawking . One day or day one-dd- You decide-dd- Unknown . Today was good-dd- Today was fun-dd- Tomorrow is another one-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . If we don’t change, we don’t grow-dd- If we don’t grow, we aren’t really living-dd- Gail Sheehy . Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced-dd- James Baldwin . Let him that would move the world first move himself-dd- Socrates . Love change, fear staying the same-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Change your thoughts and you change your world-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change-dd- Wayne Dyer . Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change-dd- Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley . Life will only change when you become more committed to your dreams than you are to your comfort zone-dd- Billy Cox . Nothing happens unless something is moved-dd- Albert Einstein . When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves-dd- Viktor Frankl . Life is a process-dd- We are a process-dd- The universe is a process-dd- Anne Wilson Schaef . The art of life lies in a constant readjustment to our surrounding-dd- Kakuzo Okakura (The Book Of Tea) . Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through-dd- Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it-dd- This is a kind of death-dd- Anais Nin . Lack of emotion causes lack of progress and lack of motivation-dd- Tony Robbins . Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Only I can change my life-dd- No one can do it for me-dd- Carol Burnett . The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new-dd- Socrates (Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior) . Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes-dd- Don’t resist them; that only creates sorrow-dd- Let reality be reality-dd- Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like-dd- Lao Tzu . If I am an advocate for anything, it is to move-dd- As far as you can, as much as you can-dd- Across the ocean, or simply across the river-dd- Anthony Bourdain . The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order-dd- Alfred North Whitehead . In any given moment we have two options: to step forward into growth or step back into safety-dd- Abraham Maslow . The larger the change, the more people will resist it-dd- Thus, make it seem so tiny and trivial that people don’t even realize it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . That is at bottom the only courage that is demanded of us: to have courage for the most strange, the most singular and the most inexplicable that we may encounter-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails-dd- William Arthur Ward . The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . People wish to be settled; only as far as they are unsettled is there any hope for them-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Stop being afraid of what could go wrong, and start being excited about what could go right-dd- Tony Robbins . After you’ve done a thing the same way for two years, look it over carefully-dd- After five years, look at it with suspicion-dd- And after ten years, throw it away and start all over-dd- Alfred Edward Perlman . When the winds of change blow, some people build walls and others build windmills-dd- Chinese proverb . What can we take on trust in this uncertain life-qq- Happiness, greatness, pride — nothing is secure, nothing keeps-dd- Euripides . To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly-dd- Henri Bergson . If you want to make enemies, try to change something-dd- Woodrow Wilson . All great changes are preceded by chaos-dd- Deepak Chopra . I didn’t get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it-dd- Estée Lauder (This is one of my favorite change quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Things do not change; we change-dd- Henry David Thoreau . I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples-dd- Mother Teresa . You must be the change you wish to see in the world-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Open your arms to change, but don’t let go of your values-dd- Dalai Lama . If you don’t like something, change it-dd- If you can’t change it, change your attitude-dd- Maya Angelou . A fanatic is one who can’t change his mind and won’t change the subject-dd- Winston Churchill . The dogmas of the quiet past, are inadequate to the stormy present-dd- The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion-dd- As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew-dd- Abraham Lincoln (Annual message to Congress, December 1, 1862) . If you always do what you’ve always done, you’ll always get what you’ve always got-dd- Henry Ford . They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom-dd- Confucius . You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in-dd- Heraclitus . Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better-dd- It’s not-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Don’t spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door-dd- Coco Chanel . I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it-dd- Pablo Picasso . Loyalty to a petrified opinion never yet broke a chain or freed a human soul-dd- Mark Twain . Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world-dd- Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has-dd- Margaret Mead . Part 1-dd- I am not an advocate for frequent changes in laws and constitutions, but laws and institutions must go hand in hand with the progress of the human mind-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Part 2-dd- As that becomes more developed, more enlightened, as new discoveries are made, new truths discovered and manners and opinions change, with the change of circumstances, institutions must advance also to keep pace with the times-dd- Thomas Jefferson . I’m not interested in preserving the status quo; I want to overthrow it-dd- Niccolo Machiavelli . The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones that do-dd- Steve Jobs . Few will have the greatness to bend history itself; but each of us can work to change a small portion of events, and in the total of all those acts will be written the history of this generation-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . Change is the law of life and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Change will not come if we wait for some other person or if we wait for some time-dd- We are the ones we’ve been waiting for-dd- Barack Obama . The most important thing to do if you find yourself in a hole is to stop digging-dd- Warren Buffett . A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new-dd- Albert Einstein . It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change-dd- Charles Darwin . If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome-dd- Michael Jordan . All of us, every single year, we’re a different person-dd- I don’t think we’re the same person all our lives-dd- Steven Spielberg . You don’t learn to walk by following rules-dd- You learn by doing and by falling over-dd- Richard Branson (Virgin) . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door-dd- Milton Berle . Your past does not equal your future-dd- Tony Robbins . All is flux; nothing stays still-dd- Heraclitus . All things change; nothing perishes-dd- Ovid . It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows-dd- Epictetus . Think progress, not perfection-dd- Ryan Holiday . The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don’t recognize them-dd- Ann Landers . All good things must come to an end-dd- Geoffrey Chaucer . Change is inevitable-dd- Change is constant-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Change your thinking, change your life-dd- Ernest Holmes . In life you need either inspiration or desperation-dd- Tony Robbins . Enter new waters-dd- Robert Greene . Life is a progress, and not a station-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The future has a way of arriving unannounced-dd- George Will . The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion-dd- Tim Ferriss . Every new day is another chance to change your life-dd- Unknown . People change-dd- Memories don’t-dd- Unknown . The only way out is through-dd- Unknown . Old ways won’t open new doors-dd- Unknown . One small positive thought can change your whole day-dd- Unknown . When life changes to be harder, change yourself to be stronger-dd- Unknown . Pain makes people change-dd- Unknown . Change is the end result of all true learning-dd- Leo Buscaglia . People change and forget to tell each other-dd- Lillian Hellman . The main dangers in this life are the people who want to change everything or nothing-dd- Nancy Astor . Change is the constant, the signal for rebirth, the egg of the phoenix-dd- Christina Baldwin . When you are through changing, you are through-dd- Bruce Barton . The world is always in movement-dd- V-dd-S-dd- Naipaul . The human mind always makes progress, but it is a progress in spirals-dd- Madame de Staël . Become a student of change-dd- It is the only thing that will remain constant-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . Change always comes bearing gifts-dd- Price Pritchett . Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Everything comes to pass, nothing comes to stay-dd- Matthew Flickstein . Our only security is our ability to change-dd- John Lilly . Don’t wait for the right opportunity, create it-dd- George Bernard Shaw . If there is no struggle, there is no progress-dd- Frederick Douglass . Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change-dd- Jim Rohn . We can change our lives-dd- We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish-dd- Tony Robbins . We made the world we’re living in and we have to make it over-dd- James Baldwin . If you want peace, be above your desires-dd- If you want meaning, change something important to you-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you never did you should-dd- These things are fun, and fun is good-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . You’re off to great places-xx- Today is your day-xx- Your mountain is waiting, So get on your way-xx- Dr-dd- Seuss . You’ll be on your way up-xx- You’ll be seeing great sights-xx- You’ll join the high fliers who soar to high heights-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Every day of our lives, we are on the verge of making those slight changes that would make all the difference-dd- Mignon McLaughlin . We do not grow absolutely, chronologically-dd- We grow sometimes in one dimension, and not in another; unevenly-dd- We grow partially-dd- We are relative-dd- We are mature in one realm, childish in another-dd- The past, present, and future mingle and pull us backward, forward, or fix us in the present-dd- We are made up of layers, cells, constellations-dd- Anais Nin . The most important thing to remember is this: To be ready at any moment to give up what you are for what you might become-dd- W-dd-E-dd-B-dd- Du Bois . What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him-dd- What he needs is not the discharge of tension at any cost, but the call of a potential meaning waiting to be fulfilled by him-dd- Victor Frankl . Step out of the history that is holding you back-dd- Step into the new story you are willing to create-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails-dd- Explore, dream, discover-dd- Mark Twain . Every great dream begins with a dreamer-dd- Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world-dd- Harriet Tubman . I’d rather regret the things I’ve done than regret the things I haven’t done-dd- Lucille Ball . We have a hunger of the mind which asks for knowledge of all around us, and the more we gain, the more is our desire; the more we see, the more we are capable of seeing-dd- Maria Mitchell . Part 1-dd- For what it’s worth: it’s never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be-dd- Eric Roth . Part 2-dd- There’s no time limit, stop whenever you want-dd- You can change or stay the same, there are no rules to this thing-dd- Eric Roth . Part 3-dd- We can make the best or the worst of it-dd- I hope you make the best of it-dd- And I hope you see things that startle you-dd- Eric Roth . Part 4-dd- I hope you feel things you never felt before-dd- I hope you meet people with a different point of view-dd- Eric Roth . Part 5-dd- I hope you live a life you’re proud of-dd- If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the courage to start all over again-dd- Eric Roth (The Curious Case of Benjamin Button) . The whole course of human history may depend on a change of heart in one solitary and even humble individual – for it is in the solitary mind and soul of the individual that the battle between good and evil is waged and ultimately won or lost-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . Continuity gives us roots; change gives us branches, letting us stretch and grow and reach new heights-dd- Pauline R-dd- Kezer . Every positive change in your life begins with a clear, unequivocal decisions that you are going to either do something or stop doing something-dd- Unknown . Embrace uncertainty-dd- Some of the most beautiful chapters in our lives won’t have a title until much later-dd- Bob Goff . Your journey has molded you for the greater good, and it was exactly what it needed to be-dd- Don’t think that you’ve lost time-dd- There is no short-cutting to life-dd- It took each and every situation you have encountered to bring you to the now-dd- And now is right on time-dd- Asha Tyson . A man may fulfill the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning-dd- Ivy Baker Priest . Sometimes the smallest step in the right direction can be the biggest step of your life-dd- Naeem Callaway . Change is hard at first, messy in the middle and gorgeous at the end-dd- Unknown . What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly-dd- Richard Bach . Change is inevitable — except from a vending machine-dd- Robert C-dd- Gallagher . You can judge your age by the amount of pain you feel when you come in contact with a new idea-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Faced with the choice between changing one’s mind and proving that there is no need to do so, almost everyone gets busy on the proof-dd- John Kenneth Galbraith . If you’re in a bad situation, don’t worry it’ll change-dd- If you’re in a good situation, don’t worry it’ll change-dd- John A-dd- Simone Sr . Time is a dressmaker specializing in alterations-dd- Faith Baldwin . It is not necessary to change-dd- Survival is not mandatory-dd- W-dd- Edwards Deming . The more you adapt, the more interesting you are-dd- Martha Stewart . We spend our time searching for security and hate it when we get it-dd- John Steinbeck . You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler-dd- Denis Waitley . You always have the choice between comfort and discomfort, mediocrity and growth, fitting in and standing out-dd- Maxime Lagacé . To change is to think greater than how we feel-dd- To change is to act greater than the familiar feelings of the memorized self-dd- Joe Dispenza . To change is to think greater than your environment-dd- Joe Dispenza . You can waste your lives drawing lines-dd- Or you can live your life crossing them-dd- Shonda Rhimes . The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why-dd- Mark Twain . Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be-dd- Thomas A Kempis . Only within the moment of time represented by the present century has one species – man – acquired significant power to alter the nature of his world-dd- Rachel Carson . People don’t change-dd- Only their costumes do-dd- Gene Moore . Grief does not change you, Hazel-dd- It reveals you-dd- John Green (The Fault in Our Stars) . The heresy of one age becomes the orthodoxy of the next-dd- Helen Keller . If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor-dd- Robert Frost . We all have big changes in our lives that are more or less a second chance-dd- Harrison Ford . Part 1-dd- For nothing is fixed, forever and forever and forever, it is not fixed; the earth is always shifting, the light is always changing, the sea does not cease to grind down rock-dd- James Baldwin . Part 2-dd- Generations do not cease to be born, and we are responsible to them because we are the only witnesses they have-dd- The sea rises, the light fails, lovers cling to each other, and children cling to us-dd- The moment we cease to hold each other, the sea engulfs us and the light goes out-dd- James Baldwin . Change means movement-dd- Movement means friction-dd- Only in the frictionless vacuum of a nonexistent abstract world can movement or change occur without that abrasive friction of conflict-dd- Saul Alinsky . Without accepting the fact that everything changes, we cannot find perfect composure-dd- But unfortunately, although it is true, it is difficult for us to accept it-dd- Because we cannot accept the truth of transience, we suffer-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Your mind is your predicament-dd- It wants to be free of change-dd- Free of pain, free of the obligations of life and death-dd- But change is law and no amount of pretending will alter that reality-dd- Socrates . No two men ever judged alike of the same thing, and it is impossible to find two opinions exactly similar, not only in different men but in the same men at different times-dd- Michel Montaigne . On the precipice of any great change, we can see with terrifying clarity the familiar firm footing we stand to lose, but we fill the abyss of the unfamiliar before us with dread at the potential loss rather than jubilation over the potential gain of gladnesses and gratifications we fail to envision because we haven’t yet experienced them-dd- Maria Popova . In nature every moment is new; the past is always swallowed and forgotten… Nothing is secure but life, transition, the energizing spirit-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The need for certainty is the greatest disease the mind faces-dd- Robert Greene . Change may be alarming, but it is also refreshing – even exhilarating-dd- Robert Greene . The man who looks for security, even in the mind, is like a man who would chop off his limbs in order to have artificial ones which will give him no pain or trouble-dd- Henry Miller . The past is the present, and the present the future, to the non-progressive mind-dd- James Lendall Basford . We did not change as we grew older; we just became more clearly ourselves-dd- Lynn Hall . Every beginning is a consequence — every beginning ends some thing-dd- Paul Valery . Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are-dd- Bertold Brecht . If you want to truly understand something, try to change it-dd- Kurt Lewin . The bamboo that bends is stronger than the oak that resists-dd- Japanese proverb . A scholar who loves comfort is not fit to be called a scholar-dd- Confucius . You cannot change what you are, only what you do-dd- Philip Pullman . If you have always done it that way, it is probably wrong-dd- Charles Kettering . Amateurs see change coming and become scared-dd- Geniuses seek change and arrive at flow the closer they get to truth-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Personal transformation is not a group affair-dd- It’s a single player game-dd- Groups are where everything significant becomes confounded and gets lost amid promiscuous non seriousness-dd- Only the individual can sustain the purity, focus and prolonged intensity needed for radical change-dd- The Ancient Sage . You have to know who you are to grow your potential-dd- But you have to grow in order to know who you are-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . When we blindly adopt a religion, a political system, a literary dogma, we become automatons-dd- We cease to grow-dd- Anais Nin . I cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what I can say is they must change if they are to get better-dd- Georg C-dd- Lichtenberg . They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself-dd- Andy Warhol . All men make mistakes, but a good man yields when he knows his course is wrong, and repairs the evil-dd- The only crime is pride-dd- Sophocles . Every possession and every happiness is but lent by chance for an uncertain time, and may therefore be demanded back the next hour-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Do I contradict myself-qq- Very well, then, I contradict myself; I am large – I contain multitudes-dd- Walt Whitman . If you don’t like change, you’re going to like irrelevance even less-dd- General Eric Shinseki . Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change-dd- Thomas Hardy . Nothing is absolute-dd- Everything changes, everything moves, everything revolves, everything flies and goes away-dd- Frida Kahlo . Learn wisdom from the ways of a seedling-dd- A seedling which is never hardened off through stressful situations will never become a strong productive plant-dd- Stephen Sigmund . Everything will be alright does not mean everything will stay the same-dd- Unknown . The 3 C’s in life: Choice, Chance, Change-dd- You must make the Choice, to take the Chance, if you want anything in life to Change-dd- Unknown . Don’t be afraid to change-dd- You may lose something good, but you may gain something even better-dd- Unknown . Every ultimate fact is only the first of a new series… The new statement is always hated by the old, and, to those dwelling in the old, comes like an abyss of skepticism-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . You must learn a new way to think before you can master a new way to be-dd- Marianne Williamson . Those who expect moments of change to be comfortable and free of conflict have not learned their history-dd- Joan Wallach Scott . The man who never alters his opinion is like standing water, and breeds reptiles of the mind-dd- William Blake . Stubbornness does have its helpful features-dd- You always know what you are going to be thinking tomorrow-dd- Glen Beaman . What you have become is the price you paid to get what you used to want-dd- Mignon McLaughlin . The wheel of change moves on, and those who were down go up and those who were up go down-dd- Jawaharlal Nehru . People around you, constantly under the pull of their emotions, change their ideas by the day or by the hour, depending on their mood-dd- You must never assume that what people say or do in a particular moment is a statement of their permanent desires-dd- Robert Greene . Do not waste time on things you cannot change or influence-dd- Robert Greene . All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward-dd- Ellen Glasgow . Why fit in when you were born to stand out-qq- Dr-dd- Seuss . Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Growth itself contains the germ of happiness-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly our whole life would change-dd- Buddha . I see my life as an unfolding set of opportunities to awaken-dd- Ram Dass . Accept who you are but be willing the change for the better-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Life is changing all the time and if we fail to change with it we get left behind-dd- Brian Colbert . Change is never a matter of ability, it’s always a matter of motivation-dd- Tony Robbins . What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds-dd- Wayne Dyer . I have come to accept life as a process, and am satisfied that in my ever-going process, I am constantly discovering, expanding, finding the cause of my ignorance, in martial art and especially in life-dd- In short, to be real… Bruce Lee . To change one’s life; Start immediately-dd- Do it flamboyantly-dd- No exceptions-dd- William James . You will never change your life until you change something you do daily-dd- Mike Murdoch . The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die-dd- As well the minds which are prevented from changing their opinions; they cease to be mind-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . You can’t stop the future-dd- You can’t rewind the past-dd- The only way to learn the secret… is to press play-dd- Jay Asher (Thirteen Reasons Why) . Everything you now do is something you have chosen to do-dd- Some people don’t want to believe that-dd- But if you’re over age twenty-one, your life is what you’re making of it-dd- To change your life, you need to change your priorities-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Do not be afraid of change or chaos-dd- Embrace it by being as fluid as possible-dd- Robert Greene . Your days are numbered-dd- Will you pass them half awake and halfhearted or will you live with a sense of urgency-qq- Robert Greene . The minute that you understand that you can poke life and actually something will, you know if you push in, something will pop out the other side, that you can change it, you can mold it-dd- That’s maybe the most important thing-dd- It’s to shake off this erroneous notion that life is there and you’re just gonna live in it, versus embrace it, change it, improve it, make your mark upon it-dd- Steve Jobs (Check out this nice YouTube video) . You were born with the ability to change someone’s life – don’t ever waste it-dd- Unknown . One smile, can start a friendship-dd- One word, can end a fight-dd- One look, can save a relationship-dd- One person can change your whole life-dd- Unknown . Your mind is a powerful things-dd- When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change-dd- Unknown . If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Stop being who you were and become who you are-dd- Paulo Coelho . Find joy in everything you choose to do-dd- Every job, relationship, home… it’s your responsibility to love it, or change it-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another-dd- Anatole France . If you would attain to what you are not yet, you must always be displeased by what you are-dd- For where you are pleased with yourself there you have remained-dd- Keep adding, keep walking, keep advancing-dd- Saint Augustine . Few can accept happiness if it means change-dd- We want the life we have now, only happier-dd- Robert Brault . It’s the most unhappy people who most fear change-dd- Mignon McLaughlin . Destiny is not a matter of chance; but a matter of choice-dd- William Jennings . We become what we habitually contemplate-dd- George Russell . Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle-dd- Napoleon Hill . You don’t have to hold yourself hostage to who you used to be-dd- Oprah Winfrey . If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten-dd- Tony Robbins . I am made and remade continually-dd- Different people draw different words from me-dd- Virginia Woolf . You will never know yourself completely-dd- You are life-dd- You are ever changing-dd- And that’s fine-dd- Just keep going-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The most beautiful and profound way to change yourself is to accept yourself completely, as imperfect as you are-dd- Maxime Lagacé . What you must do now is to adapt fast-dd- The world belongs to those who can change fast-dd- Maxime Lagacé . We cannot change what we are not aware of, and once we are aware, we cannot help but change-dd- Sheryl Sandberg . What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality-dd- Plutarch . Be the change you want to see happen rather than trying to change anyone else-dd- Arleen Lorrance . There’s only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that’s your own self-dd- Aldous Huxley . If we could change ourselves, the tendencies in the world would also change-dd- As a man changes his own nature, so does the attitude of the world change towards him-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . If we want to change the world, we change ourselves-dd- Jack Ma (alibaba-dd-com) . You have brains in your head-dd- You have feet in your shoes-dd- You can steer yourself any direction you choose-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Change is slow and gradual-dd- It requires hard work, a bit of luck, a fair amount of self-sacrifice, and a lot of patience-dd- Robert Greene . The best way to protect yourself is to be as fluid and formless as water; never bet on stability or lasting order-dd- Everything changes-dd- Robert Greene . It is the hard days, the times that challenge you to your very core, that determine who you are-dd- Sheryl Sandberg . Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement-dd- Golda Meir . So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being-dd- Henri-Frederic Amiel . If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one-dd- Dolly Parton . It’s not so much that we’re afraid of change or so in love with the old ways, but it’s that place in between that we fear-dd- Marilyn Ferguson . I have accepted fear as part of life – specifically the fear of change… I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says “turn back…” Erica Jong . It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new-dd- But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful-dd- There is more security in the adventurous and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power-dd- Alan Cohen . Your assumptions are your windows on the world-dd- Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won’t come in-dd- Isaac Asimov . You’re always you, and that don’t change, and you’re always changing, and there’s nothing you can do about it-dd- Neil Gaiman . The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become-dd- Charles Dubois . You can’t change what’s going on around you until you start changing what’s going on within you-dd- Unknown . Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world-dd- Today I am wise, so I am changing myself-dd- Rumi . I will not carry a thing to its culmination simply because I entered in-dd- I may have said I wanted it, but I will have the courage to say, “I have changed my mind-dd-” Muriel Strode . It’s humbling to start fresh-dd- It takes a lot of courage…-dd- You just have to put your ego on a shelf and tell it to be quiet-dd- Jennifer Ritchie Payette . Life is very tough-dd- If you don’t laugh, it’s tough-dd- Joan Rivers . What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Never a failure, always a lesson-dd- Unknown . Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher, can change the world-dd- Malala Yousafzai . So, open your mouth, lad-xx- For every voice counts-xx- Dr-dd- Seuss . Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world-dd- Nelson Mandela . If you want a peaceful world, be peaceful yourself-dd- If you want a generous world, be generous yourself-dd- All macro changes start by micro changes-dd- Maxime Lagacé . No one changes the world who isn’t obsessed-dd- Billie Jean King . Each of us can make a difference, and all of us ought to try-dd- Barack Obama . Never ever depend on governments or institutions to solve any major problems-dd- All social change comes from the passion of individuals-dd- Margaret Mead . Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle-dd- And so we must straighten our backs and work for our freedom-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . The world is moving so fast these days that the one who says it can’t be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it-dd- Harry Emerson Fosdick . You really can change the world if you care enough-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . If you don’t like the way the world is, you change it-dd- You have an obligation to change it You just do it one step at a time-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn-dd- Gloria Steinem . Let your smile change the world but never let the world change your smile-dd- Unknown . Ask not what your country can do for you – ask what you can do for your country-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . To me success means effectiveness in the world, that I am able to carry my ideas and values into the world – that I am able to change it in positive ways-dd- Maxine Hong Kingston . The philosophers have only interpreted the world, in various ways-dd- The point, however, is to change it-dd- Karl Marx . As you grow older you will discover that you have two hands-dd- One for helping yourself, the other for helping others-dd- Audrey Hepburn . There are just some kind of men who’re so busy worrying about the next world they’ve never learned to live in this one-dd- Harper Lee . When people are ready to, they change-dd- They never do it before then, and sometimes they die before they get around to it-dd- You can’t make them change if they don’t want to, just like when they do want to, you can’t stop them-dd- Andy Warhol . At the end of the day, it’s not about what you have or even what you’ve accomplished-dd- It’s about what you’ve done with those accomplishments-dd- It’s about who you’ve lifted up, who you’ve made better-dd- It’s about what you’ve given back-dd- Denzel Washington . You change the world by being yourself-dd- Yoko Ono . Vision without action is merely a dream-dd- Action without vision just passes the time-dd- Vision with action can change the world-dd- Joel A-dd- Barker . Time, which changes people, does not alter the image we have retained of them-dd- Marcel Proust . People do not change, they are merely revealed-dd- Anne Enright . Part 1-dd- When I was a young man, I wanted to change the world-dd- I found it was difficult to change the world, so I tried to change my nation-dd- Unknown . Part 2-dd- When I found I couldn’t change the nation, I began to focus on my town-dd- I couldn’t change the town and as an older man, I tried to change my family-dd- Unknown . Part 3-dd- Now, as an old man, I realize the only thing I can change is myself, and suddenly I realize that if long ago I had changed myself, I could have made an impact on my family-dd- Unknown . Part 4-dd- My family and I could have made an impact on our town-dd- Their impact could have changed the nation and I could indeed have changed the world-dd- Unknown . I wanted to change the world-dd- But I have found that the only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself-dd- Aldous Huxley . You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . To say goodbye is to die a little-dd- Raymond Chandler . Change, like healing, takes time-dd- Veronica Roth . Things change-dd- And friends leave-dd- Life doesn’t stop for anybody-dd- Stephen Chbosky . If you love deeply, you’re going to get hurt badly-dd- But it’s still worth it-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Love evolves-dd- It starts like a wild fire and finishes like embers-dd- Maxime Lagacé . We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love-dd- Tom Robbins . Love can change a person the way a parent can change a baby- awkwardly, and often with a great deal of mess-dd- Lemony Snicket . Don’t change yourself so that other people will like you-dd- Be yourself so that the right people will love you-dd- Unknown . A person needs at intervals to separate from family and companions and go to new places-dd- One must go without familiars in order to be open to influences, to change-dd- Katharine Butler Hathaway . If you were all alone in the universe with no one to talk to, no one with which to share the beauty of the stars, to laugh with, to touch, what would be your purpose in life-qq- It is other life, it is love, which gives your life meaning-dd- This is harmony-dd- We must discover the joy of each other, the joy of challenge, the joy of growth-dd- Mitsugi Saotome . A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom-dd- Anais Nin . Anger, resentment and jealousy doesn’t change the heart of others – it only changes yours-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Every woman that finally figured out her worth, has picked up her suitcases of pride and boarded a flight to freedom, which landed in the valley of change-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . You never have a friend all figured out-dd- Just when you think you know what makes them tick, they tock-dd- Robert Brault . Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . We cannot change anything until we accept it-dd- Condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . Will you look back on life and say, “I wish I had,” or “I’m glad I did”-qq- Zig Ziglar . Growth is the only evidence of life-dd- John Henry Newman . If you don’t risk anything, you risk even more-dd- Erica Jong . Your big opportunity may be right where you are standing right now-dd- Napoleon Hill . If things start happening, don’t worry, don’t stew, just go right along and you’ll start happening too-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . The more you love, the more you risk-dd- The more you risk, the more you experience-dd- The more your experience, the more your learn-dd- The more your learn, the more you grow-dd- The more you grow, the more you’re living-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you don’t look back at yourself and think, “Wow, how stupid I was a year ago,” then you must not have learned much in the last year-dd- Ray Dalio . Just for the record darling, not all positive change feels positive in the beginning-dd- S-dd-C-dd- Lourie . The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled-dd- For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . Why do you go away-qq- So that you can come back-dd- So that you can see the place you came from with new eyes and extra colors-dd- And the people there see you differently, too-dd- Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving-dd- Terry Pratchett . It must happen to us all… We pack up what we’ve learned so far and leave the familiar behind-dd- No fun, that shearing separation, but somewhere within, we must dimly know that saying goodbye to safety brings the only security we’ll ever know-dd- Richard Bach . Negative emotions like loneliness, envy, and guilt have an important role to play in a happy life; they’re big, flashing signs that something needs to change-dd- Gretchen Rubin . The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress-dd- Charles Kettering . Change does not necessarily assure progress, but progress implacably requires change-dd- Education is essential to change, for education creates both new wants and the ability to satisfy them-dd- Henry Steele Commager . Progress lies not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be-dd- Kahlil Gibran . We are either progressing or retrograding all the while-dd- There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life-dd- James Freeman Clarke . The object of a new year is not that we should have a new year-dd- It is that we should have a new soul-dd- G-dd- K-dd- Chesterton . The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live-dd- Mortimer Adler . People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously-dd- This is how character is built-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . If change is forced upon you, you must resist the temptation to overreact or feel sorry for yourself-dd- Robert Greene . Growth is painful-dd- Change is painful-dd- But nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don’t belong-dd- Unknown . It’s okay to be scared-dd- Being scared means you’re about to do something really, really, brave-dd- Unknown . One of the happiest moments ever is when you find the courage to let go of what you can’t change-dd- Unknown . Some people don’t like change, but you need to embrace change if the alternative is disaster-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla) . He who rejects change is the architect of decay-dd- The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery-dd- Harold Wilson . Change is as inexorable as time, yet nothing meets with more resistance-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Rather than wishing for change, you first must be prepared to change-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don’t adjust the goals, adjust the action steps-dd- Confucius . Fix your eyes forward on what you can do, not back on what you cannot change-dd- Tom Clancy . Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . We are products of our past, but we don’t have to be prisoners of it-dd- Rick Warren . Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity – not a threat-dd- Steve Jobs . My job is not to be easy on people-dd- My job is to make them better-dd- Steve Jobs . To succeed in this world, you have to change all the time-dd- Sam Walton (Walmart) . Entrepreneurship is about creating change, not just companies-dd- Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook) . See yourself as a cheetah: your speed is important but changing direction fast even more-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Make the first step and you’ll be closer than you were-dd- Richard Branson . Business opportunities are like buses, there’s always another one coming-dd- Richard Branson . Step with care and great tact, and remember that life’s a great balancing act-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . In times of change, learners inherit the Earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists-dd- Eric Hoffer . You must have long term goals to keep you from being frustrated by short term failures-dd- Charles C-dd- Noble . What I am demanding of other people is what I am demanding of myself-dd- Margaret Mead . The most successful people are those who are good at plan B-dd- James Yorke . Society, community, family are all conserving institutions-dd- They try to maintain stability, and to prevent, or at least to slow down, change-dd- But the organization of the post-capitalist society of organizations is a destabilizer-dd- Because its function is to put knowledge to work – on tools, processes, and products; on work; on knowledge itself – it must be organized for constant change-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . New insights fail to get put into practice because they conflict with deeply held internal images of how the world works … images that limit us to familiar ways of thinking and acting-dd- That is why the discipline of managing mental models — surfacing, testing, and improving our internal pictures of how the world works — promises to be a major breakthrough for learning organizations-dd- Peter Senge . One area in which human nature will never change: People will congregate around a single strong personality like planets orbiting a sun-dd- Robert Greene . Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final-dd- Roger W-dd- Babson . Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions-dd- Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great-dd- Mark Twain . The inability of those in power to still the voices of their own consciences is the great force leading to change-dd- Kenneth Kaunda . If you’re not doing some things that are crazy, then you’re doing the wrong things-dd- Larry Page (Google) . He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils; for time is the greatest innovator-dd- Francis Bacon . Things alter for the worse spontaneously, if they be not altered for the better designedly-dd- Francis Bacon . You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight-dd- Jim Rohn . LAW #45: Preach the need for change, but never reform too much at once-dd- Robert Greene #48lawsofpower . Be ruthless on yourself; do not repeat the same tired methods-dd- Robert Greene . Can you take criticism and use it constructively-qq- Robert Greene . The only way that we can live, is if we grow-dd- The only way that we can grow is if we change-dd- The only way that we can change is if we learn-dd- The only way we can learn is if we are exposed-dd- And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open-dd- Do it-dd- Throw yourself-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Once you choose hope, anything’s possible-dd- Christopher Reeve . We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Everything that is done in this world is done by hope-dd- Martin Luther . I dwell in possibility-dd- Emily Dickinson . May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears-dd- Nelson Mandela . It is because of hope that you suffer-dd- It is through hope that you’ll change things-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness-dd- Desmond Tutu . Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet-dd- Aristotle . There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . Every cloud has a silver lining-dd- John Milson . While there’s life, there’s hope-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . The darkest hours are just before dawn-dd- English proverb . I don’t think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains-dd- Anne Frank . Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall-dd- Confucius . Only in the darkness can you see the stars-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Our future is our confidence and self-esteem-dd- Tupac . In all things it is better to hope than to despair-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Walk on with hope in your heart, and you’ll never walk alone-dd- Shah Rukh Khan . There is nothing like a dream to create the future-dd- Victor Hugo . Carve a tunnel of hope through the dark mountain of disappointment-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If you want to build a ship, don’t herd people together to collect wood and don’t assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Hope never abandons you, you abandon it-dd- George Weinberg . Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all-dd- Dale Carnegie . However bad life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at-dd- Where there’s life, there’s hope-dd- Stephen Hawking . Hope is a good thing, maybe even the best of things, and good things never die-dd- Andy Dufresne (Shawshank Redemption) . Hope means hoping when things are hopeless, or it is no virtue at all… As long as matters are really hopeful, hope is mere flattery or platitude; it is only when everything is hopeless that hope begins to be a strength-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . In the unlikely story that is America, there has never been anything false about hope-dd- Barack Obama . Hope is but the dream of those who wake-dd- Matthew Prior . I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest-dd- I do not judge the universe-dd- Dalai Lama . I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Far away there in the sunshine are my highest aspirations-dd- I may not reach them but I can look up and see their beauty, believe in them, and try to follow them-dd- Louisa May Alcott . Find the seed at the bottom of your heart and bring forth a flower-dd- Shigenori Kameoka . Ever since happiness heard your name, it has been running through the streets trying to find you-dd- Hafiz of Persia . Hang on to your hat-dd- Hang on to your hope-dd- And wind the clock, for tomorrow is another day-dd- E-dd-B-dd- White . All human eyes have longing in them-dd- Ernesto Cardenal . Where there is no vision, there is no hope-dd- George Washington Carver (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Hope is passion for what is possible-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . Hope is a​n embrace of the unknown​-dd- Rebecca Solnit . Hope is outreaching desire with expectancy of good-dd- It is a characteristic of all living beings-dd- Edward S-dd- Ame . Hope is a renewable option: If you run out of it at the end of the day, you get to start over in the morning-dd- Barbara Kingsolver . Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul and sings the tune without the words and never stops at all-dd- Emily Dickinson . Hope is the power of being cheerful in circumstances that we know to be desperate-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . Hope is one of the principal springs that keep mankind in motion-dd- Thomas Fuller . It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop-dd- Confucius . Keep your face to the sun and you will never see the shadows-dd- Helen Keller . You must not lose faith in humanity-dd- Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . I am fundamentally an optimist-dd- Whether that comes from nature or nurture, I cannot say-dd- Part of being optimistic is keeping one’s head pointed toward the sun, one’s feet moving forward-dd- Nelson Mandela . You will face many defeats in your life, but never let yourself be defeated-dd- Maya Angelou . Shoot for the moon-dd- Even if you miss, you’ll land among the stars-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope-dd- Aristotle . Hope is the poor man’s bread-dd- Gary Herbert . Hope is a waking dream-dd- Aristotle . To live without hope is to cease to live-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Don’t ever let somebody tell you you can’t do something-dd- Not even me-dd- Chris Gardner (Will Smith in the movie The Pursuit Of Happyness) . Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose-dd- You are already naked-dd- There is no reason not to follow your heart-dd- Steve Jobs . There is a saying in Tibetan, “Tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength”-dd- No matter what sort of difficulties, how painful experience is, if we lose our hope, that’s our real disaster-dd- Dalai Lama . When you’re at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hold on-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . All the interests of my reason, speculative as well as practical, combine in the three following questions: 1-dd- What can I know-qq- 2-dd- What ought I to do-qq- 3-dd- What may I hope-qq- Immanuel Kant . This new day is too dear, with its hopes and invitations, to waste a moment on the yesterdays-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up-dd- Thomas Edison . The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity-dd- The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty-dd- Winston Churchill . In the end, that’s what this election is about-dd- Do we participate in a politics of cynicism or a politics of hope-qq- Barack Obama . The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something-dd- Don’t wait for good things to happen to you-dd- If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, you will fill yourself with hope-dd- Barack Obama . If you lose hope, somehow you lose the vitality that keeps moving, you lose that courage to be, that quality that helps you go on in spite of it all-dd- And so today I still have a dream-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . You get in life what you have the courage to ask for-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Hope is such a beautiful word, but it often seems very fragile-dd- Life is still being needlessly hurt and destroyed-dd- Michael Jackson . The miserable have no other medicine, but only hope-dd- William Shakespeare . Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow-dd- The important thing is not to stop questioning-dd- Albert Einstein . Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts-dd- Winston S-dd- Churchill . If you are going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston S-dd- Churchill . For every dark night there’s a brighter day-dd- Tupac . Kid, you’ll move mountains-xx- Dr-dd- Seuss . Hope is the last thing ever lost-dd- Italian proverb . A leader is a dealer in hope-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Yes we can-xx- Barack Obama . Hope and change are hard-fought things-dd- Michelle Obama . A drowning man will clutch at a straw-dd- Sir Thomas More . Hope springs eternal in the human breast-dd- Alexander Pope . What we do now echoes in eternity-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Injustice never rules forever-dd- Seneca . Oft hope is born when all is forlorn-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . Hope is medicine for a soul that’s sick and tired-dd- Eric Swensson . Hope can get you through anything-dd- Jamie Ford . We must pass through the darkness, to reach the light-dd- Albert Pike . Hope is a passion for the possible-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . This is where it all begins-dd- Everything starts here, today-dd- David Nicholls . Hope costs nothing-dd- Colette . Hope is a verb with its shirtsleeves rolled up-dd- David Orr . Hope keeps you alive-dd- Lauren Olive . I accept the universe-xx- Margaret Fuller . All things are difficult before they are easy-dd- Thomas Fuller . I inhale hope with every breath I take-dd- Sharon Kay Penman . However long the night, the dawn will break-dd- African proverb . Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future-dd- Robert H-dd- Schuller . We swallowed the chaos because we knew we didn’t want to be ordinary-dd- Robert M-dd- Drake . A sobering thought: what if, at this very moment, I am living up to my full potential-qq- Jane Wagner . Hope is the only universal liar who never loses his reputation for veracity-dd- Robert G-dd- Ingersoll . You are not here merely to make a living-dd- You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement-dd- You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand-dd- Woodrow Wilson . Hope is that thing inside us that insists, despite all the evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us if we have the courage to reach for it and to work for it and to fight for it-dd- Barack Obama . You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore-dd- William Faulkner . Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear-dd- If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Hope itself is like a star – not to be seen in the sunshine of prosperity, and only to be discovered in the night of adversity-dd- Charles Haddon Spurgeon . Hope is the companion of power, and mother of success; for who so hopes strongly has within him the gift of miracles-dd- Samuel Smiles . Part 1-dd- Do not depend on the hope of results-dd- You may have to face the fact that your work will be apparently worthless and even achieve no result at all, if not perhaps results opposite to what you expect-dd- Thomas Merton . Part 2-dd- As you get used to this idea, you start more and more to concentrate not on the results, but on the value, the rightness, the truth of the work itself-dd- You gradually struggle less and less for an idea and more and more for specific people-dd- In the end, it is the reality of personal relationship that saves everything-dd- Thomas Merton . The best we can hope for in this life is a knothole peek at the shining realities ahead-dd- Yet a glimpse is enough-dd- It’s enough to convince our hearts that whatever sufferings and sorrows currently assail us aren’t worthy of comparison to that which waits over the horizon-dd- Joni Eareckson Tada . Lord, make me an instrument of your peace; where there is hatred, let me sow love; where there is injury, pardon; where there is doubt, faith; where there is despair, hope; where there is darkness, light; and where there is sadness, joy-dd- Francis of Assisi . You are full of unshaped dreams… You are laden with beginnings… There is hope in you… Lola Ridge . Children are the world’s most valuable resource and its best hope for the future-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . A person can do incredible things if he or she has enough hope-dd- Shannon K-dd- Butcher . Hope has a cost-dd- Hope is not comfortable or easy-dd- Hope requires personal risk-dd- It is not about the right attitude-dd- Hope is not about peace of mind-dd- Hope is action-dd- Hope is doing something-dd- The more futile, the more useless, the more irrelevant and incomprehensible an act of rebellion is, the vaster and more potent hope becomes-dd- Chris Hedges . I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge-dd- That myth is more potent than history-dd- That dreams are more powerful than facts-dd- That hope always triumphs over experience-dd- That laughter is the only cure for grief-dd- And I believe that love is stronger than death-dd- Robert Fulghum . It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow-dd- Robert H-dd- Goddard . Rosa sat so Martin could walk, Martin walked so Barack could run, Barack ran so we all can fly-dd- Unknown . I have learned to use the word impossible with the greatest caution-dd- Werner von Braun . We need never be hopeless because we can never be irreperably broken-dd- John Green . A strong mind always hopes, and has always cause to hope-dd- Thomas Carlyle . If winter comes, can spring be far behind-qq- Percy Bysshe Shelley . Hope and reality lie in inverse proportions-dd- Jodi Picoult . The best bridge between despair and hope is a good night’s sleep-dd- E-dd- Joseph Cossman . To hear the phrase “our only hope” always makes one anxious, because it means that if the only hope doesn’t work, there is nothing left-dd- Lemony Snicket . Fairy tales do not tell children the dragons exist-dd- Children already know that dragons exist-dd- Fairy tales tell children the dragons can be killed-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . People without hope not only don’t write novels, but what is more to the point, they don’t read them-dd- Flannery O’Connor . Got no check books, got no banks-dd- Still I’d like to express my thanks – I got the sun in the morning and the moon at night-dd- Irving Berlin . You might think I lost all hope at that point-dd- I did-dd- And as a result I perked up and felt much better-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . Think left and think right and think low and think high-dd- Oh, the things you can think up if only you try-xx- Dr-dd- Seuss . Fear grows in darkness; if you think there’s a bogeyman around, turn on the light-dd- Dorothy Thompson . To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Look at how a single candle can both defy and define the darkness-dd- Anne Frank . Hope is a good breakfast but a bad supper-dd- W-dd- Rawley . In reality, hope is the worst of all evils, because it prolongs man’s torments-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer-dd- Albert Camus . A man devoid of hope and conscious of being so has ceased to belong to the future-dd- Albert Camus . Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us-dd- Samuel Smiles . What oxygen is to the lungs, such is hope to the meaning of life-dd- Emil Brunner . Sanity may be madness but the maddest of all is to see life as it is and not as it should be-dd- Don Quixote . There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow-dd- O-dd- S-dd- Marden . Hope is definitely not the same thing as optimism-dd- It is not the conviction that something will turn out well, but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out-dd- Vaclav Havel . The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds-dd- Will Durant . Hope is like a road in the country; there was never a road, but when many people walk on it, the road comes into existence-dd- Lin Yutang . Of all ills that one endures, hope is a cheap and universal cure-dd- Abraham Cowley . He who has never hoped can never despair-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Hope rises like a phoenix from the ashes of shattered dreams-dd- S-dd-A-dd- Sachs . Hope is the only bee that makes honey without flowers-dd- Robert Ingersoll . To eat bread without hope is still slowly to starve to death-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Repentance is another name for aspiration-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . We promise according to our hopes and perform according to our fears-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . The oil of hope makes life’s machinery run smoothly-dd- James Lendall Basford . In the hopes of reaching the moon men fail to see the flowers that blossom at their feet-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Without hope, there is no despair-dd- There is only meaningless suffering-dd- D-dd- Morgenstern . Faith goes up the stairs that love has built and looks out the windows which hope has opened-dd- Charles Haddon Spurgeon . By perseverance the snail reached the ark-dd- Charles Haddon Spurgeon . In an age of hope, men looked up at the night sky and saw “the heavens-dd-” In an age of hopelessness, they call it simply “space”-dd- Peter Kreeft . Sadness is but a wall between two gardens-dd- Kahlil Gibran . You’ll stop hurting when you stop hoping-dd- Guillaume Musso . It is the first purpose of hope to make hopelessness bearable-dd- Robert Brault . Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future-dd- Robert H-dd- Schuller . What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise-dd- Oscar Wilde . Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear-dd- If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Critical thinking without hope is cynicism-dd- Hope without critical thinking is naïveté-dd- Maria Popova . Hope is not a strategy-dd- Luck is not a factor-dd- Fear is not an option-dd- James Cameron . When you stop hoping you start settling-dd- Valorie Burton . Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for-dd- Epicurus . The natural flights of the human mind are not from pleasure to pleasure but from hope to hope-dd- Samuel Johnson . He who has health has hope, and he who has hope has everything-dd- Proverb . The very existence of libraries affords the best evidence that we may yet have hope for the future of man-dd- T-dd-S-dd- Eliot . Consult not your fears but your hopes and dreams-dd- Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential-dd- Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what is still possible for you to do-dd- Pope John XXIII . Hope itself is a species of happiness, and, perhaps, the chief happiness which this world affords; but, like all other pleasures immoderately enjoyed, the excesses of hope must be expiated by pain-dd- Samuel Johnson . A lesson for all of us is that for every loss, there is victory, for every sadness, there is joy, and when you think you’ve lost everything, there is hope-dd- Geraldine Solon . The difference between hope and despair is a different way of telling stories from the same facts-dd- Alain de Botton . To wish was to hope, and to hope was to expect-dd- Jane Austen . Live, then, and be happy, beloved children of my heart, and never forget, that until the day God will deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is contained in these two words, “Wait and Hope”-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Scared and sacred are spelled with the same letters-dd- Awful proceeds from the same root word as awesome-dd- Terrify and terrific-dd- Every negative experience holds the seed of transformation-dd- Alan Cohen . All the great spiritual leaders in history were people of hope-dd- Abraham, Moses, Ruth, Mary, Jesus, Rumi, Gandhi, and Dorothy Day all lived with a promise in their hearts that guided them toward the future without the need to know exactly what it would look like-dd- Henri Nouwen . Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible-dd- William Sloane Coffin . Never give out while there is hope; but hope not beyond reason, for that shows more desire than judgment-dd- William Penn . There is no hope unmingled with fear, and no fear unmingled with hope-dd- Baruch Spinoza . Things start out as hopes and end up as habits-dd- Lillian Hellman . If it were not for hope, the heart would break-dd- Thomas Fuller . Remember that guy that gave up-qq- Neither does anyone else-dd- Unknown . Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . Never give up on something that you can’t go a day without thinking about-dd- Winston Churchill . Never give up-dd- Expect only the best from life and take action to get it-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . As long as we have hope, we have direction, the energy to move, and the map to move by-dd- Lao Tzu . To sit patiently with a yearning that has not yet been fulfilled, and to trust that, that fulfillment will come, is quite possibly one of the most powerful ‘magic skills’ that human beings are capable of-dd- It has been noted by almost every ancient wisdom tradition-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope-dd- Alexandre Dumas . When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn-dd- Harriet Beecher Stowe . What you need is to recognize the possibilities and challenges offered by the present moment, and to embrace them with courage, faith, and hope-dd- Thomas Merton . Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries-dd- James A-dd- Michener . I knew life began where I stood in the dark, looking out into the light-dd- Yusef Komunyakaa . Patience and fortitude conquer all things-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Not to give up under any circumstances should be the motto of our life: we shall try again and again, and we are bound to succeed-dd- There will be obstacles, but we have to defy them-dd- […] The goal is ahead of you-dd- If you do not give up, you are bound to reach your destined goal-dd- Sri Chinmoy . No matter where you are on your journey, that’s exactly where you need to be-dd- The next road is always ahead-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Courage, it would seem, is nothing less than the power to overcome danger, misfortune, fear, injustice, while continuing to affirm inwardly that life with all its sorrows is good; that everything is meaningful even if in a sense beyond our understanding; and that there is always tomorrow-dd- Dorothy Thompson . We are made to persist-dd- That’s how we find out who we are-dd- Tobias Wolff . There are far, far better things ahead than anything we leave behind-dd- C-dd- S-dd- Lewis . Never deprive someone of hope; it may be all they have-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr . When the world says “give up”, hope whispers try it one more time-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Out of difficulties grow miracles-dd- Jean De La Bruyère . The fewer the words, the better the prayer-dd- Martin Luther . Prayer is man’s greatest power-xx- W-dd- Clement Stone . Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . I have so much to do that I shall spend the first three hours in prayer-dd- Martin Luther . Whether you’ve seen angels floating around your bedroom or just found a ray of hope at a lonely moment, choosing to believe that something unseen is caring for you can be a life-shifting exercise-dd- Martha Beck . Religion is the resolute following of the star of hope through triumphs and tragedies of time-dd- A-dd- Eustace Haydon . Life is meaningless only if we allow it to be-dd- Each of us has the power to give life meaning, to make our time and our bodies and our words into instruments of love and hope-dd- Tom Head . Many things are possible for the person who has hope-dd- Even more is possible for the person who has faith-dd- And still more is possible for the person who knows how to love-dd- But everything is possible for the person who practices all three virtues-dd- Brother Lawrence . I know you’re tired but come, this is the way-dd- Rumi . Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible-dd- Helen Keller . Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies-dd- Mother TeresaPrayer is where the action is-dd- John Wesley . The word hope I take for faith; and indeed hope is nothing else but the constancy of faith-dd- John Calvin . Is prayer your steering wheel or your spare tire-qq- Corrie ten Boom . Dear Jesus, do something-dd- Vladimir Nabokov . A baby is God’s opinion that the world should go on-dd- Carl Sandburg . Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them-dd- Vincent McNabb . Without Christ there is no hope-dd- Charles Haddon Spurgeon . Christ showed us hope transformed into sacrificial love-dd- Chuck Colson . Hope is the word which God has written on the brow of every man-dd- Victor Hugo . We should ask God to increase our hope when it is small, awaken it when it is dormant, confirm it when it is wavering, strengthen it when it is weak, and raise it up when it is overthrown-dd- John Calvin Make your own Bible-dd- Select and collect all the words and sentences that in all your readings have been to you like the blast of a trumpet-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God-dd- Corrie Ten Boom Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, says the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil, to give you a future and a hope-dd- Jeremiah 29:11 . So now faith, hope, and love abide, these three; but the greatest of these is love-dd- 1 Corinthians 13:13 . Having hope will give you courage-dd- You will be protected and will rest in safety-dd- Job 11:18 . Where there’s life, there’s hope-dd- Theocritus . Me and you, we got more yesterday than anybody-dd- We need some kind of tomorrow-dd- Toni Morrison . Life without idealism is empty indeed-dd- We just hope or starve to death-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Keep your best wishes close to your heart and watch what happens-dd- Tony DeLiso . The chance to love and be loved exists no matter where you are-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Courage is like love; it must have hope for nourishment-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being-dd- Albert Schweitzer . We always kept in our hearts the most noble, beautiful feeling that sets human beings apart: hope-dd- Manel Loureiro . We live by hope-dd- We do not always get all we want when we want it-dd- But we have to believe that someday, somehow, some way, it will be better and that we can make it so-dd- Hubert H-dd- Humphrey . Savor life: don’t just breathe it in; exhale the moment to intake the next-dd- KC Rhoads . It was stupid to hope, she knew-dd- But sometimes hope was all you had-dd- Cassandra Clare . The hope you feel when you are in love is not necessarily for anything in particular-dd- Love brings something inside you to life-dd- Perhaps it is just the full dimensionality of your own capacity to feel that returns-dd- Susan Griffin . They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for-dd- Tom Bodett . The very least you can do in your life is figure out what you hope for-dd- And the most you can do is live inside that hope-dd- Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof-dd- Barbara Kingsolver . Hope is both the earliest and the most indispensable virtue inherent in the state of being alive-dd- If life is to be sustained hope must remain, even where confidence is wounded, trust impaired-dd- Erik H-dd- Erikson . Love without hope will not survive-dd- Love without faith changes nothing-dd- Love gives power to hope and faith-dd- Toba Beta . In joined hands there is still some token of hope, in the clinched fist none-dd- Victor Hugo . Love recognizes no barriers-dd- It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope-dd- Maya Angelou . If you can love someone with your whole heart, even one person, then there’s salvation in life-dd- Even if you can’t get together with that person-dd- Haruki Murakami . The capacity for hope is the most significant fact of life-dd- It provides human beings with a sense of destination and the energy to get started-dd- Norman Cousins . In each family a story is playing itself out, and each family’s story embodies its hope and despair-dd- Auguste Napier . My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry; to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return-dd- Maya Angelou . It is hope that gives life meaning-dd- And hope is based on the prospect of being able one day to turn the actual world into a possible one that looks better-dd- François Jacob . How far would you go to keep the hope of love alive-qq- Nicholas Sparks . One lives in the hope of becoming a memory-dd- Antonio Porchia . While the heart beats, hope lingers-dd- Alison Croggon . Hopeful, we are halfway to where we want to go; hopeless, we are lost forever-dd- Lao Tzu . Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden-dd- Cormac McCarthy . Two words will help you cope when you run low on hope: accept and trust-dd- Charles R-dd- Swindoll . Never lose hope-dd- Storms make people stronger and never last forever-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . When you have lost hope, you have lost everything-dd- And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope-dd- Pittacus Lore . That was all a man needed: hope-dd- It was lack of hope that discouraged a man-dd- Charles Bukowski . We dream to give ourselves hope-dd- To stop dreaming – well, that’s like saying you can never change your fate-dd- Amy Tan . Hope can be a powerful force-dd- Maybe there’s no actual magic in it, but when you know what you hope for most and hold it like a light within you, you can make things happen, almost like magic-dd- Laini Taylor . I have learned two lessons in my life: first, there are no sufficient literary, psychological, or historical answers to human tragedy, only moral ones-dd- Second, just as despair can come to one another only from other human beings, hope, too, can be given to one only by other human beings-dd- Elie Wiesel . The value of another’s experience is to give us hope, not to tell us how or whether to proceed-dd- Peter Block . Strange as it may seem, I still hope for the best, even though the best, like an interesting piece of mail, so rarely arrives, and even when it does it can be lost so easily-dd- Lemony Snicket . Even in the mud and scum of things, something always, always sings-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Never talk defeat-dd- Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . It’s the possibility that keeps me going, not the guarantee-dd- Nicholas Sparks . Audacity augments courage; hesitation, fear-dd- Publilius Syrus . The first quality that is needed is audacity-dd- Winston Churchill . Where there is no hope, it is incumbent on us to invent it-dd- Albert Camus . Faith has to do with things that are not seen and hope with things that are not at hand-dd- Thomas Aquinas . Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come-dd- Anne Lamott . Hope is sweet-minded and sweet-eyed-dd- It draws pictures; it weaves fancies; it fills the future with delight-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . As long as there is one upright man, as long as there is one compassionate woman, the contagion may spread and the scene is not desolate-dd- Hope is the thing that is left to us, in a bad time-dd- E-dd-B-dd- White . There is nothing more majestic than the determined courage of individuals willing to suffer and sacrifice for their freedom and dignity-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you-dd- You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing we call “failure” is not the falling down, but the staying down-dd- Mary Pickford . Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement-dd- Nothing can be done without hope and confidence-dd- Helen Keller . Optimism is an expectation of the future, but hope is a way of experiencing the present-dd- Optimism argues with the predictions of cynicism and bitterness, and is often proved wrong-dd- Hope rejects cynicism and bitterness as unhelpful, and is perennially proved right-dd- Doug Muder . The greatest personalities that ever existed have been those who united human beings and put them on the road toward cooperation and effectiveness and peace-dd- Those whom the world has held highest have helped to unite and not sever interconnectedness-dd- They have not been the destroyers of differences but the harmonizer of differences-dd- John Lovejoy Elliott . Hope is a force of nature-dd- Don’t let anyone tell you different-dd- Jim Butcher . Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance-dd- This is the law of nature-dd- Steve Maraboli . The inability to open up to hope is what blocks trust, and blocked trust is the reason for blighted dreams-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . None of us knows what might happen even the next minute, yet still we go forward-dd- Because we trust-dd- Because we have Faith-dd- Paulo Coelho . What would happen if we were all brave enough to be a little bit more ambitious-qq- I think the world would change-dd- Reese Witherspoon . Believe in yourself and all that you are-dd- Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle-dd- Christian D-dd- Larson . Where hope would otherwise become hopelessness, it becomes faith-dd- Robert Brault . Each time a person stands up for an ideal, or acts to improve the lot of others, or strikes out against injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope, and crossing each other from a million different centers of energy and daring, these ripples build a current that can sweep down the mightiest walls of oppression and resistance-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . The future belongs to those who give the next generation reason for hope-dd- Pierre Teilhard de Chardin . It’s important to emphasize that hope is only a beginning; it’s not a substitute for action, only a basis for it-dd- Rebecca Solnit . None who have always been free can understand the terrible fascinating power of the hope of freedom to those who are not free-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . We yearned for the future-dd- How did we learn it, that talent for insatiability-qq- Margaret Atwood . Fear created gods; audacity created kings-dd- Prosper Jolyot de Crebillon . The past is made out of facts… I guess the future is just hope-dd- Isaac Marion . Hope – hope in the face of difficulty-dd- Hope in the face of uncertainty-dd- The audacity of hope-dd- Barack Obama . To love means loving the unlovable-dd- To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable-dd- Faith means believing the unbelievable-dd- Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterson . 