i highly recommend a study of william blake-dd- you might start with the marriage of heaven and hell-dd- . and builds a heaven in hell's despair and builds a hell in heaven's despite . the road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom-dd- he who desires but acts not, breeds pestilence-dd- if the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise-dd- . prisons are built with stones of law, brothels with bricks of religion-dd- . the lust of the goat is the bounty of god-dd- the wrath of the lion is the wisdom of god-dd- the nakedness of woman is the work of god-dd- . every thing possible to be believ'd is an image of truth-dd- the tygers of wrath are wiser than the horses of instruction-dd- every wolf's & lion's howl raises from hell a human soul-dd- . thy heaven doors are my hell gates; . truly, my satan, thou art but a dunce . now the sneaking serpent walks in mild humility and the just man rages in the wilds where lions roam-dd- . o urizen-xx- creator of men-xx- mistaken demon of heaven-xx- mad, he danc'd on his mountains high & dark as heaven-dd- . but mark-xx- active evil is better than passive good-dd- this angel, who is now become a devil, is my particular friend . a dragon form, clashing his scales: at midnight he arose, america is darken'd; and my punishing demons, terrified, . the study of angels, the workmanship of demons . art thou she that made the nations drunk with the cup of religion-qq- furious lions sound the song of joy the cruel joy of luvah's daughters, lacerating with knives they catch the shrieks in cups of gold, but the human wine stood wondering; . and was jerusalem builded here among these dark satanic mills-qq- . suffer not the fashionable fools to depress your powers . and in its holiness is closed the abomination of desolation-dd- . i must create a system or be enslav'd by another man's-dd- . i will not reason & compare: my business is to create-dd- calling on god for help, and not ourselves, in whom god dwells, . mystery, babylon the great, the druid dragon & hidden harlot dazzling around thy skirts like a serpent of precious stones am i not lucifer the great, and you my daughters-qq- . i just went through a copy of his collected works and keyed into my tagfile any lines that struck my eye-dd-