it is morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money-dd- addendum; a smith and wesson beats four aces-dd- (canada bill jones) . a pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to put in his mouth-dd- . never underestimate the power of human stupidity-dd- . whatever goes around, comes around-dd- . there is only one right way for a machine to run-dd- the number of ways it can go wrong is so infinite that every operating engineer lives in constant terror-dd- . don't rejoice at the defeat, you men, now that you have killed the bastard-dd- the bitch that bore him is in heat again-dd- . on dying - remembrance bring back my name on wings of flame-dd- winds of the plains, dance once for me-dd- . they will come back - come back - as long as the red earth rolls-dd- he never wasted a leaf or a tree-dd- do you think he would squander souls-qq- . gold is for the mistress - silver for the maid - copper for the craftsman, cunning at his trade-dd- but iron - cold iron - is master of them all-dd- . the number of people who agree or disagree with you has absolutely no bearing on whether you're *right*-dd- the universe has a way of deciding that for itself-dd- . the truth of any proposition has nothing to do with its credibility-dd--dd--dd-and vice versa-dd- . the last thing you want is an educated, affluent and emancipated population-dd- power hinges on the restriction and control of wealth-dd- science and technology offer unlimited wealth-dd- therefore, science and technology have to be controlled-dd- knowledge and reason are enemies-dd- myth and unreason are the weapons you fight them with-dd- . if you don't like yourself, you can't like other people-dd- . money is a powerful aphrodisiac-dd- but flowers work almost as well-dd- . it may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is better still to be a live lion-dd- and usually easier-dd- . men rarely, if ever, manage to dream up a god superior to themselves-dd- most gods have the morals and manners of a spoiled child-dd- . place your clothes and weapons where you can find them in the dark-dd- . an elephant; a mouse built to government specifications-dd- . democracy is based on the assumption that a million men are wiser than one man-dd- how's that again-qq- i missed something-dd- . autocracy is based on the assumption that one man is wiser than a million men-dd- let's play that over again too-dd- who decides-qq- . taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed-dd- . money is the sincerest form of flattery-dd- women love to be flattered-dd- so do men-dd- . you live and learn-dd- or you don't live long-dd- . only a sadistic scoundrel - or a fool - tells the bald truth on social occasions-dd- . be wary of strong drink-dd- it can make you shoot at tax collectors - and miss-dd- . the profession of shaman has many advantages-dd- it offers high status with a safe livelihood free of work in the dreary, sweaty sense-dd- in most societies it offers legal privileges and immunities not granted to other men-dd- but it is hard to see how a man who has been given a mandate from on high to spread tidings of joy to all mankind can be seriously interested in taking up a collection to pay his salary-dd- it causes one to suspect that the shaman is on the moral level of any other con man-dd- but it's lovely work if you can stomach it-dd- . tilting at windmills hurts you more than the windmills-dd- . 'go to hell-xx-' or other insult direct is all the answer a snoopy question rates-dd- . a man does not insist on physical beauty in a woman who builds up his morale-dd- after a while he realizes that she *is* beautiful - he just hadn't noticed at first-dd- . natural laws have no pity-dd- . freedom begins when you tell mrs-dd- grundy to go fly a kite-dd- . political tags - such as royalist, communist, democrat, populist, fascist, liberal, conservative, and so forth - are never basic criteria-dd- the human race divides politically into those who want people to be controlled and those who have no such desire-dd- the former are idealists acting from the highest motives of the greatest good for the greatest number-dd- the latter are surly curmudgeons, suspicious and lacking in altruism-dd- but they are more comfortable neighbors then the other sort-dd- . sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily-dd- all other 'sins' are invented nonsense-dd- (hurting yourself is not sinful - just stupid-dd-) . certainly the game is rigged-dd- don't let that stop you-dd- if you don't bet, you can't win-dd- . delusions are often functional-dd- a mother's opinions about her children's beauty, intelligence, goodness, et cetera ad nauseam, keep her from drowning them at birth-dd- . never appeal to a man's better nature-dd- he may not have one-dd- invoking his self-interest gives you more leverage-dd- . you can have peace, or you can have freedom-dd- don't ever count on having both at once-dd- . a woman is not property-dd- husbands who think otherwise are living in a dreamworld-dd- . stupidity is not a sin-dd- the victim can't help being stupid-dd- stupidity cannot be cured with money, or through education, or by legislation-dd- but stupidity is the only universal capital crime-dd- the sentence is death; there is no appeal, and execution is carried out automatically and without pity-dd- . the correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts 'of course it's none of my business but-dd--dd--dd-' is to place a period after the word 'but'-dd- don't use excessive force in supplying such morons with a period-dd- cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you talked about-dd- . formal courtesy between husband and wife is even more important than it is between strangers-dd- . your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet then your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years-dd- . argue for your limitations and, sure enough, they're yours-dd- . you are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true-dd- you may have to work for it though-dd- . here is a test to find out whether your mission on earth is finished; if you're alive, it isn't-dd- . in order to live free and happily, you must sacrifice boredom-dd- it is not always an easy sacrifice-dd- . there is no limit to how gently you can apply a big hammer, but there definitely is to how hard you can hit with a small one-dd- . hey, shit happens-xx- . let he who doubts the existence of god observe the workings of our government, then ponder the fact that mankind survives and prospers-dd- . 