"you know, of course, that the tasmanians, who never committed adultery, are now extinct-dd-" - m-dd- somerset maugham . "if it ain't broke, don't fix it-dd-" - bert lantz . "the one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a neccessity-dd-" - oscar wilde . "god is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh-dd-" - voltaire . "ibm uses what i like to call the 'hole-in-the-ground technique' to destroy the competition-dd--dd--dd--dd--dd- ibm digs a big hole in the ground and covers it with leaves-dd- it then puts a big pot of gold nearby-dd- then it gives the call, 'hey, look at all this gold, get over here fast-dd-' as soon as the competitor approaches the pot, he falls into the pit" - john c-dd- dvorak . "there are things that are so serious that you can only joke about them" - heisenberg . "it takes all sorts of in & out-door schooling to get adapted to my kind of fooling" - r-dd- frost . "confound these ancestors-dd--dd--dd--dd- they've stolen our best ideas-xx-" - ben jonson . and thou shalt eat it as barley cakes, and thou shalt bake it with dung that cometh out of man, in their sight-dd--dd--dd-then he [the lord-xx-] said unto me, lo, i have given thee cow's dung for man's dung, and thou shalt prepare thy bread therewith-dd- [ezek-dd- 4:12-15 (kjv)] . i have stripped off my dress; must i put it on again-qq- i have washed my feet; must i soil them again-qq- when my beloved slipped his hand through the latch-hole, my bowels stirred within me [my bowels were moved for him (kjv)]-dd- when i arose to open for my beloved, my hands dripped with myrrh; the liquid myrrh from my fingers ran over the knobs of the bolt-dd- with my own hands i opened to my love, but my love had turned away and gone by; my heart sank when he turned his back-dd- i sought him but i did not find him, i called him but he did not answer-dd- the watchmen, going the rounds of the city, met me; they struck me and wounded me; the watchmen on the walls took away my cloak-dd- [song of solomon 5:3-7 (neb)] . how beautiful are thy feet with shoes, o prince's daughter-xx- the joints of thy thighs are like jewels, the work of the hands of a cunning workman-dd- thy navel is like a round goblet, which wanteth not liquor: thy belly is like an heap of wheat set about with lillies-dd- thy two breasts are like two young roses that are twins-dd- [song of solomon 7:1-3 (kjv)] . how beautiful, how entrancing you are, my loved one, daughter of delights-xx- you are stately as a palm-tree, and your breasts are the clusters of dates-dd- i said, "i will climb up into the palm to grasp its fronds-dd-" may i find your breast like clusters of grapes on the vine, the scent of your breath like apricots, and your whispers like spiced wine flowing smoothly to welcome my caresses, gliding down through lips and teeth-dd- [song of solomon 7:6-9 (neb)] . wear me as a seal upon your heart, as a seal upon your arm; for love is strong as death, passion cruel as the grave; it blazes up like blazing fire, fiercer than any flame-dd- [song of solomon 8:6 (neb)] . but rabshakeh said unto them, hath my master sent me to thy master, and to thee, to speak these words-qq- hath he not sent me to the men which sit on the wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own piss with you-qq- [2 kings 18:27 (kjv)] . when yahweh your gods has settled you in the land you're about to occupy, and driven out many infidels before you-dd--dd--dd-you're to cut them down and exterminate them-dd- you're to make no compromise with them or show them any mercy-dd- [deut-dd- 7:1 (kjv)] . i just thought of something funny-dd--dd--dd-your mother-dd- - cheech marin . in the beginning, i was made-dd- i didn't ask to be made-dd- no one consulted with me or considered my feelings in this matter-dd- but if it brought some passing fancy to some lowly humans as they haphazardly pranced their way through life's mournful jungle, then so be it-dd- - marvin the paranoid android, from douglas adams' hitchiker's guide to the galaxy radio scripts . you will be successful in your work-dd- . the life of a repo man is always intense-dd- . if you're not careful, you're going to catch something-dd- . that's the thing about people who think they hate computers-dd- what they really hate is lousy programmers-dd- - larry niven and jerry pournelle in "oath of fealty" . wherever you go-dd--dd--dd-there you are-dd- - buckaroo banzai . life in the state of nature is solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short-dd- - thomas hobbes, leviathan . lack of skill dictates economy of style-dd- - joey ramone . no one is fit to be trusted with power-dd- -dd--dd--dd- no one-dd- -dd--dd--dd- any man who has lived at all knows the follies and wickedness he's capabe of-dd- -dd--dd--dd- and if he does know it, he knows also that neither he nor any man ought to be allowed to decide a single human fate-dd- - c-dd- p-dd- snow, the light and the dark . successful and fortunate crime is called virtue-dd- - seneca . when we jumped into sicily, the units became separated, and i couldn't find anyone-dd- eventually i stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains, two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge-dd- never in the history of war have so few been led by so many-dd- - general james gavin . the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing-dd- - edmund burke . you may call me by my name, wirth, or by my value, worth-dd- - nicklaus wirth . give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day-dd- teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner-dd- - calvin keegan . prediction is very difficult, especially of the future-dd- - niels bohr . the computer can't tell you the emotional story-dd- it can give you the exact mathematical design, but what's missing is the eyebrows-dd- - frank zappa . things are not as simple as they seems at first-dd- - edward thorp . the main thing is the play itself-dd- i swear that greed for money has nothing to do with it, although heaven knows i am sorely in need of money-dd- - feodor dostoyevsky . it is surely a great calamity for a human being to have no obsessions-dd- - robert bly . machines take me by surprise with great frequency-dd- - alan turing . uncertain fortune is thoroughly mastered by the equity of the calculation-dd- - blaise pascal . after goliath's defeat, giants ceased to command respect-dd- - freeman dyson . there are two ways of constructing a software design-dd- one way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies-dd- - charles anthony richard hoare . do not allow this language (ada) in its present state to be used in applications where reliability is critical, i-dd-e-dd-, nuclear power stations, cruise missiles, early warning systems, anti-ballistic missle defense systems-dd- the next rocket to go astray as a result of a programming language error may not be an exploratory space rocket on a harmless trip to venus: it may be a nuclear warhead exploding over one of our cities-dd- an unreliable programming language generating unreliable programs constitutes a far greater risk to our environment and to our society than unsafe cars, toxic pesticides, or accidents at nuclear power stations-dd- - c-dd- a-dd- r-dd- hoare . without coffee he could not work, or at least he could not have worked in the way he did-dd- in addition to paper and pens, he took with him everywhere as an indispensable article of equipment the coffee machine, which was no less important to him than his table or his white robe-dd- - stefan zweigs, biography of balzac . "it was the law of the sea, they said-dd- civilization ends at the waterline-dd- beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top-dd-" - hunter s-dd- thompson . in the pitiful, multipage, connection-boxed form to which the flowchart has today been elaborated, it has proved to be useless as a design tool -- programmers draw flowcharts after, not before, writing the programs they describe-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . the so-called "desktop metaphor" of today's workstations is instead an "airplane-seat" metaphor-dd- anyone who has shuffled a lap full of papers while seated between two portly passengers will recognize the difference -- one can see only a very few things at once-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . -dd--dd--dd-when fits of creativity run strong, more than one programmer or writer has been known to abandon the desktop for the more spacious floor-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . a little retrospection shows that although many fine, useful software systems have been designed by committees and built as part of multipart projects, those software systems that have excited passionate fans are those that are the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers-dd- consider unix, apl, pascal, modula, the smalltalk interface, even fortran; and contrast them with cobol, pl/i, algol, mvs/370, and ms-dos-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . -dd--dd--dd-computer hardware progress is so fast-dd- no other technology since civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price gain in 30 years-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . software entities are more complex for their size than perhaps any other human construct because no two parts are alike-dd- if they are, we make the two similar parts into a subroutine -- open or closed-dd- in this respect, software systems differ profoundly from computers, buildings, or automobiles, where repeated elements abound-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . digital computers are themselves more complex than most things people build: they hyave very large numbers of states-dd- this makes conceiving, describing, and testing them hard-dd- software systems have orders-of-magnitude more states than computers do-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . the complexity of software is an essential property, not an accidental one-dd- hence, descriptions of a software entity that abstract away its complexity often abstract away its essence-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because god is not capricious or arbitrary-dd- no such faith comforts the software engineer-dd- - fred brooks, jr-dd- . except for 75% of the women, everyone in the whole world wants to have sex-dd- - ellyn mustard . the connection between the language in which we think/program and the problems and solutions we can imagine is very close-dd- for this reason restricting language features with the intent of eliminating programmer errors is at best dangerous-dd- - bjarne stroustrup in "the c++ programming language" . the only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it-dd- - brian kernighan . perfection is acheived only on the point of collapse-dd- - c-dd- n-dd- parkinson . there you go man, keep as cool as you can-dd- it riles them to believe that you perceive the web they weave-dd- keep on being free-xx- . bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise, and you'll be gary, indiana-dd- - jessie in the movie "greaser's palace" . hoping to goodness is not theologically sound-dd- - peanuts . police up your spare rounds and frags-dd- don't leave nothin' for the dinks-dd- - willem dafoe in "platoon" . "all my life i wanted to be someone; i guess i should have been more specific-dd-" -- jane wagner . "any medium powerful enough to extend man's reach is powerful enough to topple his world-dd- to get the medium's magic to work for one's aims rather than against them is to attain literacy-dd-" -- alan kay, "computer software", scientific american, september 1984 . "computer literacy is a contact with the activity of computing deep enough to make the computational equivalent of reading and writing fluent and enjoyable-dd- as in all the arts, a romance with the material must be well under way-dd- if we value the lifelong learning of arts and letters as a springboard for personal and societal growth, should any less effort be spent to make computing a part of our lives-qq-" -- alan kay, "computer software", scientific american, september 1984 . "the greatest warriors are the ones who fight for peace-dd-" -- holly near . "no matter where you go, there you are-dd--dd--dd-" -- buckaroo banzai . trespassers will be shot-dd- survivors will be prosecuted-dd- . trespassers will be shot-dd- survivors will be shot again-xx- . "i'm growing older, but not up-dd-" -- jimmy buffett . scientists will study your brain to learn more about your distant cousin, man-dd- . "i hate the itching-dd- but i don't mind the swelling-dd-" -- new buzz phrase, like "where's the beef-qq-" that david letterman's trying to get everyone to start saying . your own mileage may vary-dd- . "oh dear, i think you'll find reality's on the blink again-dd-" -- marvin the paranoid android . "send lawyers, guns and money-dd--dd--dd-" -- lyrics from a warren zevon song . "i go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs-dd-" - h-dd- l-dd- mencken . "remember, information is not knowledge; knowledge is not wisdom; wisdom is not truth; truth is not beauty; beauty is not love; love is not music; music is the best-dd-" -- frank zappa . i can't drive 55-dd- . "and they told us, what they wanted-dd--dd--dd- was a sound that could kill some-one, from a distance-dd-" -- kate bush . "in the face of entropy and nothingness, you kind of have to pretend it's not there if you want to keep writing good code-dd-" -- karl lehenbauer . badges-qq- we don't need no stinking badges-dd- . i can't drive 55-dd- i'm looking forward to not being able to drive 65, either-dd- . thank god a million billion times you live in texas-dd- . "can you program-qq-" "well, i'm literate, if that's what you mean-xx-" . no user-servicable parts inside-dd- refer to qualified service personnel-dd- . at the heart of science is an essential tension between two seemingly contradictory attitudes -- an openness to new ideas, no matter how bizarre or counterintuitive they may be, and the most ruthless skeptical scrutiny of all ideas, old and new-dd- this is how deep truths are winnowed from deep nonsense-dd- of course, scientists make mistakes in trying to understand the world, but there is a built-in error-correcting mechanism: the collective enterprise of creative thinking and skeptical thinking together keeps the field on track-dd- -- carl sagan, "the fine art of baloney detection," parade, february 1, 1987 . one of the saddest lessons of history is this: if we've been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle-dd- we're no longer interested in finding out the truth-dd- the bamboozle has captured us-dd- it is simply too painful to acknowledge -- even to ourselves -- that we've been so credulous-dd- (so the old bamboozles tend to persist as the new bamboozles rise-dd-) -- carl sagan, "the fine art of baloney detection," parade, february 1, 1987 . regarding astral projection, woody allen once wrote, "this is not a bad way to travel, although there is usually a half-hour wait for luggage-dd-" . the inability to benefit from feedback appears to be the primary cause of pseudoscience-dd- pseudoscientists retain their beliefs and ignore or distort contradictory evidence rather than modify or reject a flawed theory-dd- because of their strong biases, they seem to lack the self-correcting mechanisms scientists must employ in their work-dd- -- thomas l-dd- creed, "the skeptical inquirer," summer 1987 . finding the occasional straw of truth awash in a great ocean of confusion and bamboozle requires intelligence, vigilance, dedication and courage-dd- but if we don't practice these tough habits of thought, we cannot hope to solve the truly serious problems that face us -- and we risk becoming a nation of suckers, up for grabs by the next charlatan who comes along-dd- -- carl sagan, "the fine art of baloney detection," parade, february 1, 1987 . do not underestimate the value of print statements for debugging-dd- . do not underestimate the value of print statements for debugging-dd- don't have aesthetic convulsions when using them, either-dd- . as the system comes up, the component builders will from time to time appear, bearing hot new versions of their pieces -- faster, smaller, more complete, or putatively less buggy-dd- the replacement of a working component by a new version requires the same systematic testing procedure that adding a new component does, although it should require less time, for more complete and efficient test cases will usually be available-dd- - frederick brooks jr-dd-, "the mythical man month" . each team building another component has been using the most recent tested version of the integrated system as a test bed for debugging its piece-dd- their work will be set back by having that test bed change under them-dd- of course it must-dd- but the changes need to be quantized-dd- then each user has periods of productive stability, interrupted by bursts of test-bed change-dd- this seems to be much less disruptive than a constant rippling and trembling-dd- - frederick brooks jr-dd-, "the mythical man month" . conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds-dd- - frederick brooks jr-dd-, "the mythical man month" . it is a very humbling experience to make a multimillion-dollar mistake, but it is also very memorable-dd- i vividly recall the night we decided how to organize the actual writing of external specifications for os/360-dd- the manager of architecture, the manager of control program implementation, and i were threshing out the plan, schedule, and division of responsibilities-dd- the architecture manager had 10 good men-dd- he asserted that they could write the specifications and do it right-dd- it would take ten months, three more than the schedule allowed-dd- the control program manager had 150 men-dd- he asserted that they could prepare the specifications, with the architecture team coordinating; it would be well-done and practical, and he could do it on schedule-dd- futhermore, if the architecture team did it, his 150 men would sit twiddling their thumbs for ten months-dd- to this the architecture manager responded that if i gave the control program team the responsibility, the result would not in fact be on time, but would also be three months late, and of much lower quality-dd- i did, and it was-dd- he was right on both counts-dd- moreover, the lack of conceptual integrity made the system far more costly to build and change, and i would estimate that it added a year to debugging time-dd- - frederick brooks jr-dd-, "the mythical man month" . the reason esp, for example, is not considered a viable topic in contemoprary psychology is simply that its investigation has not proven fruitful-dd--dd--dd-after more than 70 years of study, there still does not exist one example of an esp phenomenon that is replicable under controlled conditions-dd- this simple but basic scientific criterion has not been met despite dozens of studies conducted over many decades-dd--dd--dd-it is for this reason alone that the topic is now of little interest to psychology-dd--dd--dd-in short, there is no demonstrated phenomenon that needs explanation-dd- -- keith e-dd- stanovich, "how to think straight about psychology", pp-dd- 160-161 . the evolution of the human race will not be accomplished in the ten thousand years of tame animals, but in the million years of wild animals, because man is and will always be a wild animal-dd- -- charles galton darwin . natural selection won't matter soon, not anywhere as much as concious selection-dd- we will civilize and alter ourselves to suit our ideas of what we can be-dd- within one more human lifespan, we will have changed ourselves unrecognizably-dd- -- greg bear . "jesus may love you, but i think you're garbage wrapped in skin-dd-" -- michael o'donohugh . -dd--dd--dd-though his invention worked superbly -- his theory was a crock of sewage from beginning to end-dd- -- vernor vinge, "the peace war" . "it's like deja vu all over again-dd-" -- yogi berra . the last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first-dd- -- blaise pascal . "where shall i begin, please your majesty-qq-" he asked-dd- "begin at the beginning," the king said, gravely, "and go on till you come to the end: then stop-dd-" alice's adventures in wonderland, lewis carroll . a morsel of genuine history is a thing so rare as to be always valuable-dd- -- thomas jefferson . to be awake is to be alive-dd- -- henry david thoreau, in "walden" . a person with one watch knows what time it is; a person with two watches is never sure-dd- proverb . you see but you do not observe-dd- sir arthur conan doyle, in "the memoirs of sherlock holmes" . a quarrel is quickly settled when deserted by one party; there is no battle unless there be two-dd- -- seneca . nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced -- even a proverb is no proverb to you till your life has illustrated it-dd- -- john keats . the fancy is indeed no other than a mode of memory emancipated from the order of space and time-dd- -- samuel taylor coleridge . what we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expect generally happens-dd- -- bengamin disraeli . nothing in progression can rest on its original plan-dd- we may as well think of rocking a grown man in the cradle of an infant-dd- -- edmund burke . for every problem there is one solution which is simple, neat, and wrong-dd- -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . don't tell me how hard you work-dd- tell me how much you get done-dd- -- james j-dd- ling . one friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible-dd- friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim-dd- -- henry brook adams . remember thee ay, thou poor ghost while memory holds a seat in this distracted globe-dd- remember thee-xx- yea, from the table of my memory i'll wipe away all trivial fond records, all saws of books, all forms, all pressures past, that youth and observation copied there-dd- hamlet, i : v : 95 william shakespeare . obviously, a man's judgement cannot be better than the information on which he has based it-dd- give him the truth and he may still go wrong when he has the chance to be right, but give him no news or present him only with distorted and incomplete data, with ignorant, sloppy or biased reporting, with propaganda and deliberate falsehoods, and you destroy his whole reasoning processes, and make him something less than a man-dd- -- arthur hays sulzberger . each honest calling, each walk of life, has its own elite, its own aristocracy based on excellence of performance-dd- -- james bryant conant . you can observe a lot just by watching-dd- -- yogi berra . if the presence of electricity can be made visible in any part of a circuit, i see no reason why intelligence may not be transmitted instantaneously by electricity-dd- -- samuel f-dd- b-dd- morse . "mr-dd- watson, come here, i want you-dd-" -- alexander graham bell . it's currently a problem of access to gigabits through punybaud-dd- -- j-dd- c-dd- r-dd- licklider . it is important to note that probably no large operating system using current design technology can withstand a determined and well-coordinated attack, and that most such documented penetrations have been remarkably easy-dd- -- b-dd- hebbard, "a penetration analysis of the michigan terminal system", operating systems review, vol-dd- 14, no-dd- 1, june 1980, pp-dd- 7-20 . a right is not what someone gives you; it's what no one can take from you-dd- -- ramsey clark . the price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate knowledge of its ugly side-dd- -- james baldwin . small is beautiful-dd- . -dd--dd--dd-the increased productivity fostered by a friendly environment and quality tools is essential to meet ever increasing demands for software-dd- -- m-dd- d-dd- mcilroy, e-dd- n-dd- pinson and b-dd- a-dd- tague . it is not best to swap horses while crossing the river-dd- -- abraham lincoln . mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images-dd- -- jean cocteau . suppose for a moment that the automobile industry had developed at the same rate as computers and over the same period: how much cheaper and more efficient would the current models be-qq- if you have not already heard the analogy, the answer is shattering-dd- today you would be able to buy a rolls-royce for $2-dd-75, it would do three million miles to the gallon, and it would deliver enough power to drive the queen elizabeth ii-dd- and if you were interested in miniaturization, you could place half a dozen of them on a pinhead-dd- -- christopher evans . in the future, you're going to get computers as prizes in breakfast cereals-dd- you'll throw them out because your house will be littered with them-dd- -- robert lucky . get hold of portable property-dd- -- charles dickens, "great expectations" . overall, the philosophy is to attack the availability problem from two complementary directions: to reduce the number of software errors through rigorous testing of running systems, and to reduce the effect of the remaining errors by providing for recovery from them-dd- an interesting footnote to this design is that now a system failure can usually be considered to be the result of two program errors: the first, in the program that started the problem; the second, in the recovery routine that could not protect the system-dd- -- a-dd- l-dd- scherr, "functional structure of ibm virtual storage operating systems, part ii: os/vs-2 concepts and philosophies," ibm systems journal, vol-dd- 12, no-dd- 4, 1973, pp-dd- 382-400 . i have sacrificed time, health, and fortune, in the desire to complete these calculating engines-dd- i have also declined several offers of great personal advantage to myself-dd- but, notwithstanding the sacrifice of these advantages for the purpose of maturing an engine of almost intellectual power, and after expending from my own private fortune a larger sum than the government of england has spent on that machine, the execution of which it only commenced, i have received neither an acknowledgement of my labors, not even the offer of those honors or rewards which are allowed to fall within the reach of men who devote themselves to purely scientific investigations-dd--dd--dd- if the work upon which i have bestowed so much time and thought were a mere triumph over mechanical difficulties, or simply curious, or if the execution of such engines were of doubtful practicability or utility, some justification might be found for the course which has been taken; but i venture to assert that no mathematician who has a reputation to lose will ever publicly express an opinion that such a machine would be useless if made, and that no man distinguished as a civil engineer will venture to declare the construction of such machinery impracticable-dd--dd--dd- and at a period when the progress of physical science is obstructed by that exhausting intellectual and manual labor, indispensable for its advancement, which it is the object of the analytical engine to relieve, i think the application of machinery in aid of the most complicated and abtruse calculations can no longer be deemed unworthy of the attention of the country-dd- in fact, there is no reason why mental as well as bodily labor should not be economized by the aid of machinery-dd- - charles babbage, passage from the life of a philosopher . how many hardware guys does it take to change a light bulb-qq- "well the diagnostics say it's fine buddy, so it's a software problem-dd-" . "don't try to outweird me, three-eyes-dd- i get stranger things than you free with my breakfast cereal-dd-" - zaphod beeblebrox in "hithiker's guide to the galaxy" . uncompensated overtime-qq- just say no-dd- . decaffeinated coffee-qq- just say no-dd- . "show business is just like high school, except you get paid-dd-" - martin mull . "this isn't brain surgery; it's just television-dd-" - david letterman . "morality is one thing-dd- ratings are everything-dd-" - a network 23 executive on "max headroom" . live free or die-dd- . "-dd--dd--dd-if the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust, this would be a better world-dd-" - garrison keillor, "lake wobegon days" . outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend-dd- inside of a dog, it is too dark to read-dd- . "probably the best operating system in the world is the [operating system] made for the pdp-11 by bell laboratories-dd-" - ted nelson, october 1977 . "all these black people are screwing up my democracy-dd-" - ian smith . use the force, luke-dd- . i've got a bad feeling about this-dd- . the power to destroy a planet is insignificant when compared to the power of the force-dd- - darth vader . when i left you, i was but the pupil-dd- now, i am the master-dd- - darth vader . "well, well, well-xx- well if it isn't fat stinking billy goat billy boy in poison-xx- how art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil-qq- come and get one in the yarbles, if ya have any yarble, ya eunuch jelly thou-xx-" - alex in "clockwork orange" . "there was nothing i hated more than to see a filthy old drunkie, a howling away at the sons of his father and going blurp blurp in between as if it were a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts-dd- i could never stand to see anyone like that, especially when they were old like this one was-dd-" - alex in "clockwork orange" . 186,000 miles per second-dd- it's not just a good idea-dd- it's the law-dd- . stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward-dd- . gee, toto, i don't think we're in kansas anymore-dd- . children begin by loving their parents-dd- after a time they judge them-dd- rarely, if ever, do they forgive them-dd- - oscar wilde . single tasking: just say no-dd- . "catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world-dd-" - the beach boys . "bond reflected that good americans were fine people and that most of them seemed to come from texas-dd-" - ian fleming, "casino royale" . "i think trash is the most important manifestation of culture we have in my lifetime-dd-" - johnny legend . by one count there are some 700 scientists with respectable academic credentials (out of a total of 480,000 u-dd-s-dd- earth and life scientists) who give credence to creation-science, the general theory that complex life forms did not evolve but appeared "abruptly-dd-" - newsweek, june 29, 1987, pg-dd- 23 . even if you can deceive people about a product through misleading statements, sooner or later the product will speak for itself-dd- - hajime karatsu . in order to succeed in any enterprise, one must be persistent and patient-dd- even if one has to run some risks, one must be brave and strong enough to meet and overcome vexing challenges to maintain a successful business in the long run-dd- i cannot help saying that americans lack this necessary challenging spirit today-dd- - hajime karatsu . memories of you remind me of you-dd- -- karl lehenbauer . life-dd- don't talk to me about life-dd- - marvin the paranoid anroid . on a clear disk you can seek forever-dd- . the world is coming to an end--save your buffers-xx- . grep me no patterns and i'll tell you no lines-dd- . it is your destiny-dd- - darth vader . hokey religions and ancient weapons are no substitute for a good blaster at your side-dd- - han solo . how many qa engineers does it take to screw in a lightbulb-qq- 3: 1 to screw it in and 2 to say "i told you so" when it doesn't work-dd- . how many nasa managers does it take to screw in a lightbulb-qq- "that's a known problem-dd--dd--dd- don't worry about it-dd-" . to be is to program-dd- . to program is to be-dd- . i program, therefore i am-dd- . people are very flexible and learn to adjust to strange surroundings -- they can become accustomed to read lisp and fortran programs, for example-dd- - leon sterling and ehud shapiro, art of prolog, mit press . "i am your density-dd-" -- george mcfly in "back to the future" . "so why don't you make like a tree, and get outta here-dd-" -- biff in "back to the future" . "falling in love makes smoking pot all day look like the ultimate in restraint-dd-" -- dave sim, author of cerebrus-dd- . the existence of god implies a violation of causality-dd- . "i may kid around about drugs, but really, i take them seriously-dd-" - doctor graper . operating-system software is the program that orchestrates all the basic functions of a computer-dd- - the wall street journal, tuesday, september 15, 1987, page 40 . i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of america and to the republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all-dd- - francis bellamy, 1892 . people think my friend george is weird because he wears sideburns-dd--dd--dd-behind his ears-dd- i think he's weird because he wears false teeth-dd--dd--dd-with braces on them-dd- -- steven wright . my brother sent me a postcard the other day with this big sattelite photo of the entire earth on it-dd- on the back it said: "wish you were here"-dd- -- steven wright . you can't have everything-dd--dd--dd- where would you put it-qq- -- steven wright . i was playing poker the other night-dd--dd--dd- with tarot cards-dd- i got a full house and 4 people died-dd- -- steven wright . you know that feeling when you're leaning back on a stool and it starts to tip over-qq- well, that's how i feel all the time-dd- -- steven wright . i came home the other night and tried to open the door with my car keys-dd--dd--dd-and the building started up-dd- so i took it out for a drive-dd- a cop pulled me over for speeding-dd- he asked me where i live-dd--dd--dd- "right here"-dd- -- steven wright . "live or die, i'll make a million-dd-" -- reebus kneebus, before his jump to the center of the earth, firesign theater . the typical page layout program is nothing more than an electronic light table for cutting and pasting documents-dd- . there are bugs and then there are bugs-dd- and then there are bugs-dd- -- karl lehenbauer . my computer can beat up your computer-dd- - karl lehenbauer . kill ugly processor architectures - karl lehenbauer . kill ugly radio - frank zappa . "just say no-dd-" - nancy reagan "no-dd-" - ronald reagan . i believe that part of what propels science is the thirst for wonder-dd- it's a very powerful emotion-dd- all children feel it-dd- in a first grade classroom everybody feels it; in a twelfth grade classroom almost nobody feels it, or at least acknowledges it-dd- something happens between first and twelfth grade, and it's not just puberty-dd- not only do the schools and the media not teach much skepticism, there is also little encouragement of this stirring sense of wonder-dd- science and pseudoscience both arouse that feeling-dd- poor popularizations of science establish an ecological niche for pseudoscience-dd- - carl sagan, the burden of skepticism, the skeptical inquirer, vol-dd- 12, fall 87 . if science were explained to the average person in a way that is accessible and exciting, there would be no room for pseudoscience-dd- but there is a kind of gresham's law by which in popular culture the bad science drives out the good-dd- and for this i think we have to blame, first, the scientific community ourselves for not doing a better job of popularizing science, and second, the media, which are in this respect almost uniformly dreadful-dd- every newspaper in america has a daily astrology column-dd- how many have even a weekly astronomy column-qq- and i believe it is also the fault of the educational system-dd- we do not teach how to think-dd- this is a very serious failure that may even, in a world rigged with 60,000 nuclear weapons, compromise the human future-dd- - carl sagan, the burden of skepticism, the skeptical inquirer, vol-dd- 12, fall 87 . "i maintain there is much more wonder in science than in pseudoscience-dd- and in addition, to whatever measure this term has any meaning, science has the additional virtue, and it is not an inconsiderable one, of being true-dd- - carl sagan, the burden of skepticism, the skeptical inquirer, vol-dd- 12, fall 87 . i'm often asked the question, "do you think there is extraterrestrial intelli- gence-qq-" i give the standard arguments -- there are a lot of places out there, and use the word *billions*, and so on-dd- and then i say it would be astonishing to me if there weren't extraterrestrial intelligence, but of course there is as yet no compelling evidence for it-dd- and then i'm asked, "yeah, but what do you really think-qq-" i say, "i just told you what i really think-dd-" "yeah, but what's your gut feeling-qq-" but i try not to think with my gut-dd- really, it's okay to reserve judgment until the evidence is in-dd- - carl sagan, the burden of skepticism, the skeptical inquirer, vol-dd- 12, fall 87 . repel them-dd- repel them-dd- induce them to relinquish the spheroid-dd- - indiana university fans' chant for their perennially bad football team . if it's working, the diagnostics say it's fine-dd- if it's not working, the diagnostics say it's fine-dd- - a proposed addition to rules for realtime programming . it is either through the influence of narcotic potions, of which all primitive peoples and races speak in hymns, or through the powerful approach of spring, penetrating with joy all of nature, that those dionysian stirrings arise, which in their intensification lead the individual to forget himself completely-dd- -dd- -dd- -dd-not only does the bond between man and man come to be forged once again by the magic of the dionysian rite, but alienated, hostile, or subjugated nature again celebrates her reconciliation with her prodigal son, man-dd- - fred nietzsche, the birth of tragedy . the characteristic property of hallucinogens, to suspend the boundaries between the experiencing self and the outer world in an ecstatic, emotional experience, makes it posible with their help, and after suitable internal and external perparation-dd--dd--dd-to evoke a mystical experience according to plan, so to speak-dd--dd--dd- i see the true importance of lsd in the possibility of providing materail aid to meditation aimed at the mystical experience of a deeper, comprehensive reality-dd- such a use accords entirely with the essence and working character of lsd as a sacred drug-dd- - dr-dd- albert hoffman, the discoverer of lsd . i share the belief of many of my contemporaries that the spiritual crisis pervading all spheres of western industrial society can be remedied only by a change in our world view-dd- we shall have to shift from the materialistic, dualistic belief that people and their environment are separate, toward a new conciousness of an all-encompassing reality, which embraces the experiencing ego, a reality in which people feel their oneness with animate nature and all of creation-dd- - dr-dd- albert hoffman . deliberate provocation of mystical experience, particularly by lsd and related hallucinogens, in contrast to spontaneous visionary experiences, entails dangers that must not be underestimated-dd- practitioners must take into account the peculiar effects of these substances, namely their ability to influence our consciousness, the innermost essence of our being-dd- the history of lsd to date amply demonstrates the catastrophic consequences that can ensue when its profound effect is misjudged and the substance is mistaken for a pleasure drug-dd- special internal and external advance preperations are required; with them, an lsd experiment can become a meaningful experience-dd- - dr-dd- albert hoffman, the discoverer of lsd . i believe that if people would learn to use lsd's vision-inducing capability more wisely, under suitable conditions, in medical practice and in conjution with meditation, then in the future this problem child could become a wonder child-dd- - dr-dd- albert hoffman, the discoverer of lsd . in the realm of scientific observation, luck is granted only to those who are prepared-dd- - louis pasteur . core error - bus dumped . if imprinted foil seal under cap is broken or missing when purchased, do not use-dd- . "come on over here, baby, i want to do a thing with you-dd-" - a cop, arresting a non-groovy person after the revolution, firesign theater . "ahead warp factor 1" - captain kirk . fiery energy lanced out, but the beams struck an intangible wall between the gubru and the rapidly turning earth ship-dd- "water-xx-" it shrieked as it read the spectral report-dd- "a barrier of water vapor-xx- a civilized race could not have found such a trick in the library-xx- a civilized race could not have stooped so low-xx- a civilized race would not have-dd--dd--dd-" it screamed as the gubru ship hit a cloud of drifting snowflakes-dd- - startide rising, by david brin . harrison's postulate: for every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism-dd- . mr-dd- cole's axiom: the sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the population is growing-dd- . felson's law: to steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research-dd- . -dd--dd--dd-another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an inveterate skeptic i have closed my mind to the truth-dd- most notably i have ignored the evidence for an earth that is six thousand years old-dd- well, i haven't ignored it; i considered the purported evidence and *then* rejected it-dd- there is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between prejudice and postjudice-dd- prejudice is making a judgment before you have looked at the facts-dd- postjudice is making a judgment afterwards-dd- prejudice is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious mistakes-dd- postjudice is not terrible-dd- you can't be perfect of course; you may make mistakes also-dd- but it is permissible to make a judgment after you have examined the evidence-dd- in some circles it is even encouraged-dd- - carl sagan, the burden of skepticism, skeptical enquirer, vol-dd- 12, pg-dd- 46 . if a person (a) is poorly, (b) receives treatment intended to make him better, and (c) gets better, then no power of reasoning known to medical science can convince him that it may not have been the treatment that restored his health-dd- - sir peter medawar, the art of the soluble . america has been discovered before, but it has always been hushed up-dd- - oscar wilde . unix: some say the learning curve is steep, but you only have to climb it once-dd- -- karl lehenbauer . sometimes, too long is too long-dd- - joe crowe . when bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle-dd- - edmund burke . behind all the political rhetoric being hurled at us from abroad, we are bringing home one unassailable fact -- [terrorism is] a crime by any civilized standard, committed against innocent people, away from the scene of political conflict, and must be dealt with as a crime-dd- -dd- -dd- -dd- [i]n our recognition of the nature of terrorism as a crime lies our best hope of dealing with it-dd- -dd- -dd- -dd- [l]et us use the tools that we have-dd- let us invoke the cooperation we have the right to expect around the world, and with that cooperation let us shrink the dark and dank areas of sanctuary until these cowardly marauders are held to answer as criminals in an open and public trial for the crimes they have committed, and receive the punishment they so richly deserve-dd- - william h-dd- webster, director, federal bureau of investigation, 15 oct 1985 . "of all the tyrannies that affect mankind, tyranny in religion is the worst-dd-" - thomas paine . "i say we take off; nuke the site from orbit-dd- it's the only way to be sure-dd-" - corporal hicks, in "aliens" . "there is nothing so deadly as not to hold up to people the opportunity to do great and wonderful things, if we wish to stimulate them in an active way-dd-" - dr-dd- harold urey, nobel laureate in chemistry . "-dd--dd--dd-proper attention to earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited awareness of the great goals for man and the society he conspired to erect-dd-" - david baker, paraphrasing harold urey, in "the history of manned space flight" . "athens built the acropolis-dd- corinth was a commercial city, interested in purely materialistic things-dd- today we admire athens, visit it, preserve the old temples, yet we hardly ever set foot in corinth-dd-" - dr-dd- harold urey, nobel laureate in chemistry . "we've been following your progress with considerable interest, not to say contempt-dd-" - zaphod beeblebrox 