a closed mouth gathers no feet-dd- . a journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance-dd- . a king's castle is his home-dd- . a penny saved is ridiculous-dd- . all that glitters has a high refractive index-dd- . ambition a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy-dd- . anarchy is better that no government at all-dd- . any small object when dropped will hide under a larger object-dd- . as you read the scroll, it vanishes-dd--dd--dd- . automobile - a mechanical device that runs up hills and down people-dd- . be moderate where pleasure is concerned, avoid fatigue-dd- . of the choice of two evils, i pick the one i've never tried before-dd- . brain -- the apparatus with which we think that we think-dd- . batch - a group, kinda like a herd-dd- . computer hackers do it all night long-dd- . computer modelers simulate it first-dd- . computer programmers don't byte, they nybble a bit-dd- . computer programmers know how to use their hardware-dd- . computers are not intelligent-dd- they only think they are-dd- . courage is your greatest present need-dd- . clearasol - effective sunspot remover-dd- . death is life's way of telling you you've been fired-dd- . death is nature's way of saying 'slow down'-dd- . do something unusual today-dd- accomplish work on the computer-dd- . documentation is like sex: when it's good, it's fantastic, when it's bad-dd--dd--dd- . don't force it, get a larger hammer-dd- . don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon-dd- . drive defensively -- buy a tank-dd- . earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail friends-dd- . entropy isn't what it used to be-dd- . fairy tales: horror stories for children to get them use to reality-dd- . familiarity breeds children-dd- . god didn't create the world in 7 days-dd- he pulled an all-nighter on the 6th-dd- . going the speed of light is bad for your age-dd- . gay abandon - homosexual repellent perfume-dd- . he who hesitates is sometimes saved-dd- . health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die-dd- . help support helpless victims of computer error-dd- . herblock's law: if it is good, they will stop making it-dd- . history does not repeat itself, -- historians merely repeat each other-dd- . i'm defending her honor, which is more than she ever did-dd- . if you don't change your direction, you may end up where you were headed-dd- . if you're not part of the solution, be part of the problem-xx- . in the field of observation, chance favors only the prepared minds-dd- . it is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education-dd- albert einstein . it works better if you plug it in-dd- . it's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere-dd- . jury -- twelve people who determine which client has the better lawyer-dd- . kodaclone - duplicating film-dd- . let not the sands of time get in your lunch-dd- . life is what happens to you while you are planning to do something else-dd- . life's a bitch, then you die-dd- . lynch's law: when the going gets tough, everyone leaves-dd- . mediocrity thrives on standardization-dd- . mop and glow - floor wax used by three mile island cleanup team-dd- . never lick a gift horse in the mouth-dd- . old macdonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement-dd- . quoting one is plagiarism-dd- quoting many is research-dd- . quarkbar - the candy with flavour and charm-dd- . quasimoto - 4 wheeled hard-top moped made in france-dd- . reality's the only obstacle to happiness-dd- . screw up your life, you've screwed everything else up-dd- . silver's law: if murphy's law can go wrong it will-dd- . some grow with responsibility, others just swell-dd- . sqwerty - computer keyboard sized down for use by children-dd- . system going down at 4:45 this afternoon for disk crashing-dd- . the attention span of a computer is as long as its electrical cord-dd- . the only difference between a rut and a grave is the depth-dd- . the only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it-dd- . the road to to success is always under construction-dd- . those who can't write, write help files-dd- . to be, or not to be, those are the parameters-dd- . to err is human, to really foul things up requires a computer-dd- . today is the last day of your life so far-dd- . trapezoid - a device for catching zoids-dd- . wasting time is an important part of life-dd- . when all else fails, read the instructions-dd- . when in doubt, don't bother-dd- . xerox does it again and again and again and-dd--dd--dd- . xmodem - a spot-marking transfer protocol-dd- . yterm - a terminal program for queries-dd- . when in doubt, ignore it-dd- . i'd insult you, but you're not bright enough to notice-dd- . 