it is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost-dd- . it is bad luck to be superstitious-dd- . if it jams, force it-dd- if it breaks, it needed replacement anyway-dd- . always remember that you are unique-dd- just like everyone else-dd- . a woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle-dd- . a bachelor is a guy who is footloose and fiancee free-dd- . if yoda a great jedi master he is, why not a good sentence construct can he-qq- . people will remember you better if you always wear the same outfit-dd- . heã•s dead, jimã‰ you take his tri-corder and iã•ll search his pockets-dd- . i donã•t like the smacks cereal commericals; i donã•t like the idea of a frog jumping on my breakfast-dd- . all things are possibleã‰ except for skiing through a revolving door-dd- . only two of my personalities are schizophrenic, but one of them is paranoid and the other one is out to get him-dd- . losing your driverã•s license is just godã•s way of saying ã’booga, booga-xx-ã“ . if you love a thing of beauty, set it free-dd- if it doesnã•t come back to you, hunt it down and kill it-dd- . i may be schizophrenic, but at least iã•ll always have each other-dd- . give your child mental blocks for christmas-dd- . i stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards-dd- i got a full house and four people died-dd- . is sonny really kookoo for cocoa puffs, or is he just being paid to say that-qq- . sex is not the answer-dd- sex is the question-dd- yes is the answer-dd- . it is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious-dd- . parker's law: beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone-dd- . those who can't write, write manuals-dd- . the brain is a wonderful organ: it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school-dd- . you'd be paranoid too if everybody hated you-dd- . all generalities are false-dd- . i'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous-dd- . duct tape is like the force-dd- it has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together-dd- . i used to think i was indecisive, but now i'm not so sure-dd- . boob's law: you always find something in the last place you look-dd- . cole's law: thinly sliced cabbage-dd- . things are more like they used to be than they are now-dd- . there is so much sand in northern africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the sahara desert-dd- . it has been said that we only use 15% of our brain-dd- i wonder what we do with the other 75%-qq- . if you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word you say, talk in your sleep-dd- . if you have a difficult task, give it to someone lazy -dd--dd--dd- that person will find an easier way to do it-dd- . you know it's going to be a bad day when your car horn goes off accidentally and remains stuck as you follow a group of hell's angels on the freeway-dd- . the way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start with a large fortune-dd- . . 