 "automatic" simply means that you cannot repair it yourself-dd- . 90% of everything is crud-dd- . a project manager is like the madam in a brothel-dd- his job is to see that everything comes off right-dd- . a smith & wesson always beats four aces-dd- . a bird in hand is safer than one overhead-dd- . a bird in the hand is worth about three kleenex-dd- . a child's ability to endure likely stems from his ignorance of alternatives-dd- . a clean desk is a sign of a sick mind-dd- . a closed mouth says nothing wrong; a closed mind does nothing right-dd- . a complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a more: [y], [n], [ns]-qq- ns simple system that worked-dd- . a computer makes as many mistakes in one second as three men working for thirty years straight-dd- . a conference is simply an admission that you want somebody else to join you in your troubles-dd- . a dog is a dog except when he is facing you-dd- then he is mr-dd- dog-dd- . a fellow who is always declaring that he is no fool usually harbors suspicions to the contrary-dd- . a fool and his money are some party-dd- . a friend in power is a friend lost-dd- . a good listener not only is popular everywhere but also, after a while, knows something-dd- . a great deal of money is never enough once you have it-dd- . a hunch is creativity trying to tell you something-dd- . a liberalism incapable of fiscal self-discipline brings about a radical conservatism conspicuous for its selfishness and insensitivity-dd- . a major failure will not occur until after the unit has passed final inspection-dd- . a man does not look behind the door unless he has stood there himself-dd- . a man will believe anything that does not cost him anything-dd- . a meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost-dd- . a miser is a fellow who lives within his income-dd- he is also called a magician-dd- . a misplaced decimal point will always end up where it will do the greatest damage-dd- a narrow mind has a broad tongue-dd- . a neurotic builds castles in the air-dd- a psychotic lives in castles in the air-dd- and a psychiatrist is the guy who collects the rent-dd- . a perfectly calm day will turn gusty the instant you drop a $20 bill-dd- . a pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his mouth-dd- . a politician's most important ability is to foretell what will happen tomorrow and next month and next year - and to explain afterwards why it didn't happen-dd- . a seeming ignorance is often a most necessary part of worldly knowledge-dd- . a sense of decency is often a decent man's undoing-dd- . a short cut is the longest distance between two points-dd- . a stockbroker is someone who invests your money until it is all gone-dd- . a synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the other one-dd- . a waist is a terrible thing to mind-dd- . a yacht is a hole in the water, lined with wood, steel, or fiberglass, through which one pours all his money-dd- . academic rivalries are so intense because the stakes are so small-dd- . activity is the politician's substitute for achievement-dd- . adam smith revisited: work creates wealth, which is then redistributed in the holy name of social justice-dd- that is to say, what is mine is yours, and his, and hers, and theirs-dd--dd--dd- . adventure is no more than discomfort and annoyance recollected in the safety of reminiscence-dd- . after all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done-dd- . against stupidity, the gods themselves contend in vain-dd- . all great discoveries are made by mistake-dd- . all skill is in vain when an angel pees in the barrel of your rifle-dd- . all things are possible-dd- except skiing through a revolving door-dd- . all things being equal, a fat person uses more soap than a thin person-dd- . all turtle thoughts are of turtle-dd- . all warranties expire upon payment of invoice-dd- . all work and no play make jack a dull boy and jill a wealthy widow-dd- . all's well that ends-dd- almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of-dd- . although i may disagree with what you say, i will defend to the death your right to hear me tell you how wrong you are-dd- . always address your elders with respect; they could leave you a fortune-dd- . always convice those whom you are about to deceive that you are acting in their best interests-dd- . always forgive your enemies - nothing else annoys them as much-dd- . always mistrust a subordinate who never finds fault with his boss-dd- . ambition is the curse of the political class-dd- . among economists, the real world is generally considered to be a special case-dd- . an easily understood, workable falsehood is more useful than a complex, incomprehensible truth-dd- . an economy cannot afford high tech unless it has a basic structure of other industry to provide the savings that will support high tech until it begins to pay off-dd- . an efficient bureaucracy is the greatest threat to liberty-dd- . an elephant is a mouse built to government specifications-dd- . an expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows absolutely everything about nothing-dd- . an infinite number of mediocrities do not add up to one genius-dd- . an open mouth oft-times accompanies a closed mind-dd- . an unhappy crew makes for a dangerous voyage-dd- . anger is never without an argument, or with a good one-dd- . any appetite is its own excuse for existing-dd- . any component, when inadvertently dropped, will roll into a hiding place, the inaccessibility of which is proportional to the square of the component's irreplaceability-dd- . any contract drawn in more than 50 words contains at least one loophole-dd- . any given computer program, when running, is obsolete-dd- . any machine design must contain at least one part which is obsolete, two parts which are unobtainable, and three parts which are still under development-dd- . any simple theory will be worded in the most complicated terms-dd- . any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic-dd- . anyone can handle a crisis-dd- it's everyday living that kills you-dd- anyone in good enough condition to run three miles a day is in good enough condition not to have to-dd- . art is a passion pursued with discipline; science is a discipline pursued with passion-dd- . as scarce as truth is, the supply invariably exceeds the demand-dd- . as the rabbit said, if that ain't a wolf, it's a hell of a big dog-dd- . ask your children what they want for dinner only if they are buying-dd- . assumptions, so often full of holes, remain precious to the convinced-dd- . at best, life is a spiral and never a pendulum-dd- what has been done cannot be undone-dd- . bad weather forecasts are more often right than good ones-dd- . bankers are the assassins of hope-dd- . basic research is what you do when you don't know what you are doing-dd- . be a corporate good citizen; hire the morally handicapped-dd- . be kind to your web-footed friends; that duck may be a buyer-dd- . there's no intelligent life down here-dd- . beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes right to the bone-dd- . behind every successful man is an astonished mother-in-law-dd- . being king is not much fun if no one knows you are one-dd- . bend the facts to fit the conclusion-dd- it's easier that way-dd- . beware of all enterprises requiring new clothes-dd- . black holes are outa sight-xx- . blessed are the censors, for they shall inhibit the earth-dd- . blessed are the meek for they shall inherit the crap-dd- . blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt-dd- . blessed be he who is called a big wheel, for he goeth around in circles-dd- . bosses come and bosses go, but a good secretary lasts forever-dd- . bullshit baffles brains-dd- . by the time most of us have money to burn, our fire's gone out-dd- . by working faithfully 8 hours a day, you may eventually get to be a boss and work 12 hours a day-dd- . celibacy is not hereditary-dd- . cheer up-dd- the first hundred years are the hardest-xx- children are a comfort in your old age, and they will even help you reach it-dd- . civil servants are neither civil nor servile-dd- . common sense is instinct-dd- enough of it is genius-dd- . computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable-dd- any system which depends upon human reliability is unreliable-dd- you can rely on it-dd- . confidence is the feeling you had before you knew better-dd- . construct a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will want to use it-dd- . crime is merely politics without the excuses-dd- . crisis management works beautifully until an actual crisis occurs-dd- . da trouble wit computers is, dey got no sense of humor-dd- . days you attend top-level meetings and days you get hiccups tend to fall on the same dates-dd- . degeneration and evolution are not the same thing-dd- . desperate diseases require desperate remedies-dd- . did you know that if you maintain a cholesterol-free diet, your body makes its own cholesterol-dd- . diogenes is still searching-dd- . distrust your first impressions; they are invariably too favorable-dd- . don't be afraid to take a big step-dd- you cannot cross a chasm in two small steps-dd- . don't be so humble-dd--dd--dd-you aren't that great-dd- . don't get married if you are afraid of solitude-dd- . don't hit a man when he's down unless you are damned certain he won't get up-dd- . don't wear earmuffs in a bed of rattlesnakes-dd- . don't worry about what other people are thinking of you-dd- they're too busy worrying about what you are thinking of them-dd- . dr-dd- faustus, call your service-dd- . during britain's "brain drain," not a single politician left the country-dd- . economics is the only calling in which one can have a lifetime reputation as an expert without ever once being right-dd- . education confers understanding, knowledge, and competence; schools confer degrees-dd- . enthusiasm wanes, but dullness lasts forever-dd- . eternity is a terrible thought-dd--dd--dd-where will it all end . even mason and dixon had to draw the line somewhere-dd- . even the most faithful believer can serve a false god-dd- . every calling is great when greatly pursued-dd- . every family tree has some sap-dd- . every institution tends to perish through an excess of its own policy-dd- . every society professes the existence of inalienable human rights; most, however, are somewhat vague as to just what they are-dd- . everybody's death simplifies life for someone-dd- . everyone has a scheme for getting rich that will not work-dd- . everything comes to he who waits - providing he has either infinite patience or infinite wealth-dd- . everything east of the san andreas fault will eventually plunge into the atlantic ocean-dd- . everything not forbidden by the laws of nature is mandatory-dd- trouble is, nearly everything is forbidden-dd- . example is not the main thing in influencing others; it is the only thing-dd- . excellence is an option that is renewable-dd- . expectations should not determine whether or not one acts, nor how-dd- . expensive fertilizers that do nothing for your grass will give you the most gorgeous weeds you ever saw-dd- . experience is a good teacher, but submits huge bills-dd- . experience is what you get when you don't get what you wanted-dd- . experimentation is the mother of confusion-dd- . extinction is the ultimate fate of all species-dd- . extreme boredom serves to cure boredom-dd- . extreme sorrow laughs; extreme joy weeps-dd- . extremely happy and extremely unhappy men are alike prone to grow hard-hearted-dd- . facts cannot prevail against faith, or adamant folly-dd- . failure is a measurement that depends on the standard applied-dd- . fear is no great respecter of reason-dd- . feed the wolf as you will; he will always look to the forest-dd- . fill what's empty-dd- empty what's full-dd- and scratch where it itches-dd- fire and water-dd- matter and anti-matter-dd- money and morality-dd- . first secure an independent income, then practice virtue-dd- . fools belittle that which they do not understand-dd- cynics belittle everything-dd- midgets simply belittle-dd- . for a man of fortitude, there are no walls, only avenues-dd- . for peace of mind, resign as general manager of the universe-dd- . freedom can be lost as surely tax by tax, regulation by regulation, as it can be bullet by bullet, missile by missile-dd- . freedom is for everyone-dd- or no one-dd- . freedom of the press is limited to those who have one-dd- . friends may come and friends may go, but enemies accumulate-dd- . frustration is not having anyone else to blame but one's self-dd- . get too many irons in your fire and you'll put it out-dd- . give all orders verbally-dd- never write down anything that might go into a "pearl harbor file"-dd- . give me an example of pro and con-dd- progress and congress-dd- . given that nature limited the intelligence of man, it seems unfair that she did not limit the stupidity of man-dd- . god can't alter history, so he created historians-dd- . god has alzheimer's disease; he's forgotten that we exist-dd- . god made everything out of nothing-dd- but the nothingness shows through-dd- . government corruption seems always to be reported in the past tense-dd- . half of conversation is listening-dd- . have a nice day-dd--dd--dd-somewhere else-dd- . he is all fault who has no fault at all-dd- . he who dies with the most toys, wins-xx- . he who does many things makes many mistakes, but never makes the biggest mistake of all - doing nothing-dd- . he who endures, wins-dd- . he who has been bitten by six dogs is legitimately suspicious of the seventh-dd- . he who leaves nothing to chance will do very few things wrong, but he will do very few things at all-dd- . he who lives on hope has a slender diet indeed-dd- . he who looks too far ahead stumbles over his own boots-dd- . he who would climb to the top must leave much behind-dd- . he who would leap high must take a long run-dd- . he who would pursue revenge should first dig two graves-dd- . hell is l is a city much like newark-dd- . hell is not a place-dd- hell is what hurts worst-dd- . history is the sum total of things that could have been avoided-dd- . history occurs twice - the first time as tragedy, the second time as farce-dd- . honesty in politics is much like oxygen-dd- the higher up you go, the scarcer it becomes-dd- . honesty is the best policy - unless, of course, you are dealing with your wife, your girlfriend, your banker, your employer, the i-dd-r-dd-s-dd-, your creditors-dd--dd--dd- . how can you tell when a salesman is lying -qq- when his lips are moving-dd- . how come nowadays the word "honesty" is generally preceded by the phrase "old-fashioned" -qq- . how long a minute is depends upon which side of the bathroom door you're on-dd- . i get my exercise acting as a pallbearer for my friends who exercise-dd- . if a cluttered desk is characteristic of a cluttered mind, what does an empty desk mean -qq- . if a problem causes too many meetings, then the meetings eventually become more important than the problem-dd- . if all else fails, read the destructions-dd- . if all the economists in the world were laid end to end, they couldn't reach a conclusion-dd- . if an experiment works, something has gone wrong-dd- . if builders constructed buildings the way programmers write programs, then the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization-dd- . if doctors' intellects were as big as doctors' egos, this would be a far healthier world-dd- . if everything appears to be going well, you obviously don't know what the hell is going on-dd- . if it jams - force it-dd- if it breaks, it needed replacing anyway-dd- . if it's not in the computer, then it doesn't exist-dd- . if it's rational, if it's logical, and if it makes good common sense, then it's simply not done-dd- . if man's best friend is the dog, where does that leave the rest of us-qq- . if mathematically you end up with the wrong answer, try multiplying by the page number-dd- . if more than one person is responsible for a miscalculation, no one will be at fault-dd- . if one views his problem sufficiently closely, he will recognize himself as part of the problem-dd- . if someone gives you so-called good advice, do the opposite; you may be certain that that will be the right thing nine times out of ten-dd- . if the facts are against you, argue the law-dd- if the law is against you, pound the table and yell like hell-dd- . if the first person who answers the phone can't handle your question, then it's a bureaucracy-dd- . if the gods had really intended men to fly, they'd have made it easier to get to the airport-dd- . if the government hasn't yet taxed, licensed, or regulated it, then it probably ain't worth anything-dd- . if the nation's economists were all laid end to end, they would point in all directions-dd- if the plating work that we do for you is defective, we will refund your money, redo the parts free, close our plant, and have the plant manager shot-dd- will that be satisfactory -qq- . if the shoe fits, you're not allowing for growth-dd- . if the thought of growing old bothers you, consider the alternative-dd- . if the universe is indeed insane, who is the asylum keeper -qq- . if this is the land of the future, why are we all so given to nostalgia -qq- . if truth were a matter of opinion, then the majority would always be right-dd- . if you are feeling good, don't worry; you'll get over it-dd- . if you can keep your head while all about you are losing theirs, then you obviously don't understand what's going on-dd- . if you cannot convince them, confuse them-dd- . if you cannot logically refute a man's arguments, not all is lost-dd- you can always call him nasty names-dd- . if you cannot understand it, it is intuitively obvious-dd- . if you disinfect the pond, you kill the lilies-dd- . if you doubt that rochesterians believe in god, watch how they drive-dd- . if you gave a monkey control of its environment, it would fill the universe with bananas-dd- if you live among the wolves, learn to howl like them-dd- . if you think that mental illness interferes with financial success, just look at the average television evangelist-dd- . if you think that no one cares that you're alive, try missing a few car payments-dd- . if you try to please everybody, nobody will like it-dd- . if you want to make people angry, lie to them-dd- if you want to make them absolutely livid, then tell 'em the truth-dd- . if young women often do marry men like their fathers, no wonder their mothers cry at their weddings-dd- . in america, the secretary of agriculture catches hell for unmanageable food surpluses; in russia, his counterpart goes to siberia because of unmanageable food shortages-dd- . in a mad world, only greater madness succeeds-dd- . in a permissive society, the cream rises to the top-dd--dd--dd-and so does the scum-dd- . in a world that runs on deceit, deception, and duplicity, the honest man is always at a disadvantage-dd- . in any organization, there are only two people to contact if you want results: the one at the very top and the one at the very bottom-dd- . in case of doubt, make it sound convincing-dd- . in death, avoid hell-dd- in life, avoid the law courts-dd- . in defeat, malice-dd- in victory, revenge-dd- . in designing any type of machine component, no overall dimension can be totalled accurately after 4:30pm friday-dd- the correct total will become self-evident at 8:15am on monday-dd- . in doing good, avoid notoriety-dd- in doing evil, avoid self-awareness-dd- . in hell, treason is the work of angels-dd- . in jealousy, there is often more self-love than love-dd- . in order to obtain a loan, you must first prove that you don't need it-dd- . in some countries, chaucer and dante are the classics-dd- in this country, it's a soft drink-dd- . in the beginning, god created the organization and gave it dominion over man-dd- -genesis, article vii, section 3, paragraph c-dd- . in the final analysis, entropy always wins-dd- . in the long run, we are all dead-dd- in third-world politics, the people with the guns call the shots-dd- . injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere-dd- . inside every short man is a tall man doubled over in extreme pain-dd- . instead of worrying about the boxes in your organizational chart, be concerned with the people who are boxed in-dd- . institutions are more rarely overthrown from without, more often corroded from within-dd- . interesting history is awful living-dd- . isn't it strange that the same people who laugh at gypsy fortune-tellers take economists seriously-dd- . it doesn't much matter whom you marry, for tomorrow morning you discover that it was someone else-dd- . it is a grave error to allow any mechanical device to realize that you are in a hurry-dd- . it is axiomatic that even the strongest of men will fall before a pygmy with a submachine gun-dd- . it is better to add life to your years than it is to add years to your life-dd- . it is better to be envied than to be consoled-dd- . it is better to resign from office than it is to die in office; that way, you get to hear some of the eulogies-dd- . it is difficult to be politically conscious and upwardly mobile at the same time-dd- . it is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious-dd- . it is morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money-dd- . it is often easier to find the truth than it is to accept it-dd- . it is only in aesop's fables that an elephant takes advice from a mouse-dd- . it is probably better to be insane with the rest of the world than to be sane alone-dd- . it is the manner, and not the content, that marks a gentleman-dd- . it is when the irritation of doubt causes a struggle to attain belief that the enterprise of thought begins-dd- . it is wrong to repeat gossip, but what else can you do with it -qq- . it takes twenty-five dumb animals to make a fur coat-dd- and only one to wear it-dd- . it takes very little to make a woman happy, and more than is contained in heaven and earth to keep her that way-dd- . it's difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys-dd- it's not social oppression that moves wild-eyed revolutionaries; it's envy, pure and simple-dd- . it's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame-dd- . it's what you learn after you know it all that counts-dd- . john donne was wrong-dd- . journalism, like prostitution, is a career in which just one foray makes a professional-dd- . just because you are paranoid does not mean that no one is following you-dd- . justice must not only be done; it must be seen to be believed-dd- . kill the moneylenders-dd- . knowledge can cure ignorance, but intelligence cannot cure stupidity-dd- . labor disgraces no man, but often a man disgraces labor-dd- . large brains can contain small minds-dd- . last weke i cudn't even spel kumpooter programer and today i are one-xx- . law remains long after justice flees-dd- . leakproof seals - will-dd- selfstarters - will not-dd- interchangeable parts - won't-dd- . leftover nuts never match leftover bolts-dd- . less of a good thing is sometimes better - ask anyone on a diet-dd- . life is a learning experience; the diploma is your death certificate-dd- . life is a temporary assignment-dd- . life is a terminal condition-dd- . life's a bitch-dd- but, then, consider the alternative-dd- . little boys throw stones in jest-dd- little frogs die in earnest-dd- . live every day as though it were your last-dd- one day, you'll be right-dd- . live within your income, even if you must borrow to do it-dd- . locks and keys are for honest people-dd- . logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence-dd- . lost causes are the only ones worth fighting for-dd- . luck, it is said, dislikes working double shifts-dd- . making this world better will gain you the greatest credit in the next one-dd- . man does not live by bread alone-dd- but he damned well doesn't live without it, either-dd- . many know how to flatter; few know how to praise-dd- . marriage is like burning the house down to toast the bread-dd- . marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly-dd- . may you live in interesting times-dd- . mayflies continually plot to topple the cedar-dd- . measure twice 'cause you can only cut once-dd- . measured with a micrometer-dd- marked with chalk-dd- cut with an axe-dd- . men and nations will act rationally when all other possibilities have been exhausted-dd- . men heap together the mistakes of their lives and create a monster they call destiny-dd- . middle age is when you wonder if your warranty is running out-dd- . miles aren't the only distance-dd- . monotony is the law of nature-dd- observe the monotonous manner in which the sun rises-dd- . more men are sheep in wolves' clothing than the other way around-dd- . most men and nations die lying down-dd- . mother nature applies all her rules-dd--dd--dd-all the time-dd- . motor gently through the greasemud, for there lurks the skid demon-dd- . murphy's golden rule: whoever has the gold makes the rules-dd- . murphy's law: if it can go wrong, it will-dd--dd--dd-at the worst possible time and in the worst possible place-dd- fisher's law: murphy was an optimist-dd- . nature always sides with the hidden flaw-dd- . never argue with a fool-dd--dd--dd-people may not be able to tell you apart-dd- . never claim as a right that which you can ask as a favor-dd- . never climb a fence when you can sit on it-dd- . never complain; never explain-dd- . never do card tricks for the group you play poker with-dd- . never eat prunes when you are famished-dd- . never embezzle more than your employer can afford-dd- never get into a fight with an ugly person-dd- he has nothing to lose-dd- . never get mixed up with economists-dd- their thinking is muddy and they have bad breath-dd- . never have so many people understood so little about so much-dd- . never invest in anything that eats or needs repainting-dd- . never let your sense of morality stop you from doing what is right-dd- . never make the same mistake twice-dd--dd--dd-there are so many new ones to make-xx- . never marry a woman who prays too much-dd- . never mistake good manners for good will-dd- . never play leapfrog with a unicorn-dd- . never question your wife's judgement-dd--dd--dd-look whom she married-dd- . never step in anything soft-dd- . never trust anyone who laughs at his own one-liners-dd- . never try to teach a pig how to sing-dd- it is a waste of time and it annoys the pig-dd- . never underestimate the power of stupidity-dd- . never, ever trust anyone under 30 or over 25-dd- . never, ever, insult a telephone answering machine-dd- they have ways of getting even-dd- . new systems generate new problems-dd- . next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as satisfying as an income tax refund-dd- . no class of americans has ever objected to any amount of government meddling if it appeared to benefit that particular class-dd- . no man's knowledge goes beyond his experience-dd- . no man's life, liberty, or property are safe whilst the legislature is in session-dd- . no matter how bad your kid is, he's still good for a tax exemption-dd- . no matter how long or how diligently you shop for a machine, once you've purchased it, it will be on sale for 30% less-dd- . no name, no matter how simple, can be correctly understood over the phone-dd- . no one can make you feel inferior without your consent-dd- . no one ever found marvels by seeking them-dd- . no one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid-dd- . not all the kookies are in the jar-dd- nothing dispels enthusiasm like a small admission fee-dd- . nothing in our history is plainer, or more tragic, than the gulf between cleverness and wisdom-dd- . nothing in the universe arouses more false hopes than the first four hours of a diet-dd- . nothing irritates a standard american corporate executive quite so much as the sight of someone actually daring to practice capitalism-dd- . nothing is illegal if 100 businessmen decide to do it-dd- . nothing is really labor unless you would rather be doing something else-dd- . nothing motivates a man more than to see his boss put in an honest day's work-dd- . odds are, the phrase "it's none of my business" will be followed by "but"-dd- . of those teaching in today's schools, 80 percent are paid twice what they are worth and 20 percent are paid half what they are worth-dd- . old age is like a burglar-dd- it robs you of all the goodies and leaves the rubbish-dd- . old men and comets have long been revered for the same reasons; their long beards and their supposed ability to foretell events-dd- . old men make wars-dd- young men fight them-dd- . on the one day you take your secretary to lunch, your wife will be lunching in the same restaurant-dd- . once upon a time, there were two chinamen-dd- now look how many there are-dd- . once you understand the problem, you find that it is worse than you expected-dd- . one goddamned thing leads to another goddamned thing-dd- . one good thing about living on a farm is that you can fight with your wife and ain't nobody gonna hear-dd- . one lawyer = a crook-dd- two lawyers = a law firm-dd- three or more lawyers = a legislature-dd- . one may generally observe a singular accord between supercelestial ideas and subterranean behavior-dd- . one sees more clearly backward than forward-dd- . one thing you can say for kids: they don't go around showing pictures of their grandparents-dd- . opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment-dd- . our architect's plans for plant renovation begin with a precision air strike-dd- . peace is a premise the existence of which we have deduced from the intervals between wars-dd- . people are always available for work in the past tense-dd- . people use the most words when they are the least certain of what they are saying-dd- . people who cough a lot never go to the doctor-dd--dd--dd-just to movies, concerts, and lectures-dd- . people who have no faults are terrible: there is no way to take advantage of them-dd- . people who live in a golden age complain that everything looks yellow-dd- . people, like turtles, make little progress without sticking their necks out-dd- . pessimists are the world's happiest people-dd--dd--dd--dd- ninety percent of the time they are right, and the other ten percent they are pleasantly surprised-dd- . pinocchio was such a dolt to try to become a human being-dd- he was much better off with a wooden head-dd- . policemen with private motives are dangerous-dd- . political cunning should never be mistaken for intelligence-dd- . politicians are much like ships: noisiest when lost in a fog-dd- . politicians deal with the public on the basis of the mushroom policy: keep them in the dark and feed them manure-dd- . practical politics consists of ignoring the facts-dd- come to think of it, practical anything consists of that-dd- . proctologist's revenge: put ben-gay in a guy's tube of nupercainal-dd- . proof-positive that eastern and western technologies can indeed work together: the teflon-coated wok-dd- . psychopaths aren't born-dd- they are made-dd- . rabbits dance at the funeral of the lion-dd- . reality precedes perception-dd- except, of course, in southern california-dd- . remember the good old days when juvenile delinquency was observed mainly in juveniles . remember when "there's something in the air" was just a figure of speech . respect for ourselves guides our morals; deference to others governs our manners-dd- . revenge is a dish best served cold-dd- roughing it is television without cable-dd- . rumors are the sauce of a dry life-dd- . saints engage in introspection while burly sinners run the world-dd- . scandal, like hypocrisy, is bipartisan-dd- . science has finally found what distinguishes man from the other beasts: financial worries-dd- . serendipity is looking in a haystack for a needle and finding the farmer's daughter-dd- . show me anything whereof it may be said "see, this is new," and i will show you it hath been-dd- . shrink not from blasphemy - t'will pass for wit-dd- . simple pleasures are the last refuge of the complex-dd- . since few large pleasures are lent to us on a long lease, it is wise to cultivate a large undergrowth of small pleasures-dd- . small things entertain small minds-dd- . smooth seas never made a good sailor-dd- . some people are always lost in thought; other people lack thoughts large enough to be lost in-dd- . some people can look so busy that they seem indispensable-dd- . some people can stay longer in an hour than others can in a week-dd- . some people manage by the book, even though they don't know who wrote the book or even what book-dd- . sometimes it is good to be only a fly when giants are fighting for the heavens-dd- . sometimes, a cigar is just a cigar-dd- - s-dd- freud . songs unheard are sweeter far-dd- . stress is that condition created when the mind overrides the body's basic desire to choke the living shit out of some asshole who desperately needs it-dd- . strong words connote weak arguments-dd- . succeeding is more satisfying than success-dd- . success consists of reaching 40 before your waist does-dd- . support your local bloodhound-dd- get lost-dd- . sympathy is what you give a relative when you don't want to lend him cash-dd- . take care which rut you choose; you'll be in it for the next ten years-dd- taking something with a grain of salt may raise your blood pressure-dd- . tatoos are the common man's way of investing in art-dd- . technology is dominated by those who manage what they do not understand-dd- . television is chewing gum for the eyes-dd- . tell a man that there are 500 million trillion stars in the universe and he will believe you-dd- tell him that there's wet paint on that bench-dd--dd--dd--dd- . tempt not a desperate man-dd- . that which is crooked cannot be made straight, although there are psychotherapists who might disagree-dd- . the boy scout credo: sound mind, sound body-dd--dd--dd-take your choice-dd- . the british parliament is called the "mother of legislatures"-dd- a somewhat similar term is often applied to congress-dd- . the devil's greatest triumph was convincing the modern world that he doesn't exist-dd- . the russians will never invade us-dd--dd--dd-there's no place to park-dd- . the attention span of a computer is only as long as its electrical cord-dd- . the average u-dd-s-dd- taxpayer is proud to be paying taxes-dd- of course, he could be just as proud for half the money-dd- . the best bilge pump in the world is a terrified sailor with a bucket-dd- . the best way to achieve immortality is by not dying-dd- . the best way to attract money is to give the appearance of having it-dd- . the best way to avoid growing old is not to be born so soon-dd- . the best way to make fire with two sticks is to insure that one of them is a match-dd- . the best way to save face is to keep the lower half closed-dd- . the bigger they are, the harder they punch-dd- . the biggest idiot can ask questions the smartest man cannot answer-dd- . the danger in being king is that after a while you begin to believe you really are one-dd- . the deepest and most important virtues are often the dullest ones-dd- . the degree of technical competence is inversely proportional to the level of management-dd- . the fifteen minute morning coffee break is when your employees take a break from doing nothing-dd- . the first great gift that we can bestow upon others is a good example-dd- . the first place in which to look for something is the last place in which you expect to find it-dd- . the fraudulence of the exercise is proportional to the margin of victory-dd- . the galaxy is full of dishonorable men -dd--dd--dd-well, everyone's got to make a living-dd- . the gap between theory and practice is filled with apology-dd- . the great classes of people will more easily fall victims to a great lie than to a small one-dd- . the great tragedy of our era is not the significance of things but the insignificance of things-dd- . the healthy stomach is nothing if not conservative; few radicals have good digestions-dd- . the human brain is a wonderous instrument-dd- it starts working the moment you wake up and doesn't stop until you get to the office-dd- . the last man on earth sat alone in a room-dd- there was a knock on the door-dd--dd--dd- . the last time doctors went on strike, the death rate dropped thirty percent-dd- . the later you are for your flight, the more times you have to go through the metal detector-dd- . the law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, beg in the streets, and steal bread-dd- . the lawyer's credo: if you can't dazzle 'em with brilliance, baffle 'em with bullshit-dd- . the light at the end of the tunnel is the headlamp of an oncoming train-dd- . the longer you wait in line, the greater the probability that it is the wrong line-dd- . the man who is always talking about being a gentleman never is one-dd- . the more cordial the buyer's secretary, the greater the probability that the competition already has the order-dd- . the most beautiful days of the year are always the days just before and just after your vacation-dd- . the most successful journey is a dull journey-dd- . the mouse dreams dreams that would terrify the cat-dd- . the nice thing about scientific studies is that you can always find one that proves conclusively that your product is safe and that your competitor's causes cancer-dd- . the number of employees in any work group tends to increase irrespective of the amount of work to be done-dd- . the number of people watching you is directly proportional to the stupidity of what you're doing-dd- the one time in the day that you lean back and relax is the one time the boss comes strolling through the plant-dd- . the only government handout that i want is the government's hand out of my pocket-dd- . the only imperfect thing in nature is the human race-dd- . the only people that snobs want to know are those who don't want to know them-dd- . the only people to profit from the mistakes of others are biographers-dd- . the only perfect science is hindsight-dd- . the only thing worse than a male chauvinist pig is the female version-dd- . the only things in history that are inevitable are those that have already happened-dd- . the only valid generalization that can be made about scientists is that they require unlimited resources for improbable projects of interminable gestation periods-dd- . the opera ain't over 'til the fat lady sings-dd- . the opulence of the front office decor varies inversely with the fundamental solvency of the firm-dd- . the organization of any bureaucracy is very much like a septic tank-dd--dd--dd--dd-the really big chunks always rise to the top-dd- . the person who buys the most raffle tickets has the least chance of winning-dd- . the person who marries for money generally ends up earning it-dd- . the person who snores the loudest will fall asleep first-dd- . the price of total freedom is total anarchy-dd- the price of total security is total enslavement-dd- . the primary function of the design engineer is to make things difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman-dd- . the probability of a piece of bread falling with the buttered side down is proportional to the cost of the carpet-dd- . the probability of your alarm not going off increases in direct proportion to the importance of your 8:00am meeting-dd- . the promises of maniacs, like those of salesmen, are not safely relied upon-dd- . the race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, but that's the way to bet 'em-dd- . the rat race is over-dd- the rats won-dd- . the real crime in education today is not the way we treat teachers but whom we allow to be teachers-dd- . the real outrage today isn't what's illegal-dd- it's what is legal-dd- . the reason the way of the sinner is hard is because it is so crowded-dd- . the reason why worry kills more people than work does is that more people worry than work-dd- . the repairman will never have seen a model quite like yours before-dd- . the saddest of words: i always wanted to but never did-dd- . the secret of staying young is finding an age that you really like and then sticking with it-dd- . the secret of success is sincerity-dd- once you can fake that, you've got it made-dd- . the ship of state is the only ship that leaks at the top-dd- . the smaller the issue, the bigger the fight-dd- . the sole reliable test of a first-rate intelligence is to hold two opposite ideas in the mind whilst still retaining the ability to tie one's own shoe laces-dd- . the sooner man begins to spend his wealth, the better he uses it-dd- . the strongest part of any paper form is the perforation-dd- . the successful enjoyment of vice requires training and long practice-dd- . the sun ariseth and the sun goeth down, and the same things come alike to the righteous and the wicked-dd- . the supreme irony of life is that hardly anyone gets out of it alive-dd- . the tale of the errant entrepreneur: high chair; high school; high hopes; high finance; "hi, warden-xx-"-dd- . the universe is governed by a committee; no one man could make that many mistakes-dd- . the very same american textile industry that lobbies hysterically against the import of textile products imports virtually all its textile manufacturing machinery-dd--dd--dd-i wonder why . the whole of life is futile unless you regard it is a sporting proposition-dd- . the world is a comedy to those that think, a tragedy to those that feel-dd- . the world is disgracefully managed; one hardly knows to whom to complain-dd- . them that has, gets-dd- . there are no moral messages in nature-dd- . there are only four basic plots in life, and nine in literature-dd- . there are those who make things happen-dd- there are those who watch things happen-dd- and there are those who wonder what happened-dd- . there are three rules for successfully managing people: unfortunately, no one knows what they are-dd- . there are three types of deliberate falsehoods: lies, damned lies, and salesmen's promises-dd- . there are two kinds of men who never amount to much: those who cannot do what they are told, and those who can do nothing else-dd- . there are two periods in which congress does no business: one is before the holidays and the other is after-dd- . there is a time for everything-dd- mostly, the wrong time-dd- . there is always one more son of a bitch than you counted on-dd- . there is an optimal size for any project, and it is always bigger than you can afford-dd- . there is no truth in the rumor that man is immortal-dd- . there is nothing like a grievance to sharpen an old man's wits-dd- . there is nothing more terrible than ignorance in action-dd- . there is nothing wrong with you that an expensive surgical operation cannot prolong-dd- . there is wisdom in madness and strong probability of truth in all accusations, for people are complete, and everybody is capable of anything-dd- . there's nothing wrong with gluttony-dd--dd--dd-providing you don't overdo it-dd- . these days, an education is essential for career success-dd- unless, of course, you run for congress-dd- . they don't invite you to the white house for a drink because they think you are thirsty-dd- . things get worse under pressure-dd- . those things are better which are perfected by nature than those which are finished by art-dd- . those who beat their swords into plowshares generally end up plowing for those who didn't-dd- . those who can - do-dd- those who can't - teach-dd- those totally devoid of useful ability become government economists-dd- . those who can't teach - administer-dd- those who can't administer - run for public office-dd- . those who do not follow are dragged-dd- . those who do not learn from history often end up making it-dd- . those who like sausage or political policy should not watch either being made-dd- . time is a great teacher, but it kills all its pupils-dd- . to a little fish, the waters are always deep-dd- . to a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail-dd- . to a weary horse, even his own tail is a burden-dd- . to err is human-dd- to really foul things up requires a computer-dd- to create utter chaos with no perceivable possibility of salvation calls for an mba-dd- . to have honesty coupled to beauty is to have honey the sauce to sugar-dd- . to hear tell a hundred times is not as good as once seeing-dd- . to spot the true expert, pick the one who predicts the job will take the longest and cost the most-dd- . to understand the clay is not to understand the pot-dd- . today's conservative is yesterday's liberal who got mugged last night-dd- . too much of anything is wonderful-dd- . truth is a hard master to serve, for the more devotedly you serve her, the more she hurts you-dd- . truth is very precious, so salesmen and politicians use it very sparingly-dd- . tyranny is always better organized than freedom is-dd- . under some conditions, in some place, at some time, there will always be at least one law, ordinance, or statute under which you can be booked-dd- . under the most rigorously controlled conditions of temperature, pressure, humidity, time, and voltage, the machine will do as it damned well pleases-dd- . unfaithfulness in the keeping of an appointment is an act of clear dishonesty-dd- . you may as well take a person's money as his time-dd- . universities are full of knowledge-dd- the freshmen bring a little in and the seniors take none away, so knowledge accumulates-dd- . virtue does not lend itself to the same verbal enthusiasms that vice does-dd- . virtue is a social liability-dd- . we ain't cheap, but by gosh, we're good-xx- . we are all passengers in the leaky rowboat of life-dd- so, bail faster, damn it-xx- . we are inclined to believe those whom we do not know because they have never deceived us-dd- . we do not know who first discovered water-dd- however, we are confident that it was not a fish-dd- . we don't know one millionth of one per cent about anything-dd- . we know what we are, but not what we may be-dd- . welcome to the totally-automated, fully computerized world of the twenty-first century, where nothing can go wrong-dd--dd--dd-go wrong-dd--dd--dd-go wrong-dd--dd--dd- . what do the lie detector and wonder woman have in common they were invented by the same person-dd- kinda figures, doesn't it-dd- . what do you call 500 bureaucrats at the bottom of the potomac river -qq- a start-dd- . what people say behind your back is your standing in the community-dd- . what the large print giveth, the small print taketh away-dd- . whatever is not nailed down is the government's-dd- whatever the government can pry loose is not nailed down-dd- . when i works, i works fast-dd- when i plays, i plays hard-dd- and when i thinks, i falls asleep-dd- . when a broken machine is demonstrated for the repairman, it will work perfectly-dd- . when a man dies, he does not die just of the disease he has; he dies of his whole life-dd- . when anything is used to its full potential, it will break-dd- . when comes the revolution, things will be different - not better, just different-dd- . when in doubt, mumble-dd- when in trouble, delegate-dd- . when in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, yell and shout-dd- . when men are easy in their circumstances, they are naturally enemies to innovation-dd- . when smashing monuments, always save the pedestals - they come in handy-dd- . when the hounds bay, the fox and the rabbit are brothers-dd- . when the mouse laughs at the cat, there is a hole very near by-dd- . when the old dog barks, better look out the window-dd- . when there is no danger in fighting, there is no glory in winning-dd- . when you do not know what you are doing, do it neatly-dd- . when you've read about one train wreck, you've read about them all-dd- . whenever a man casts a longing eye at public office, a rottenness appears in his conduct-dd- . whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damned fool discovers something which either abolishes the system or expands it totally beyond recognition-dd- . where you stand on an issue depends upon where you sit-dd- . who mourns the falling of a single leaf -qq- . whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad-dd- . why do they always start off the evening news with "good evening" when all they do is tell you why it isn't -qq- . why is there always so much month left at the end of the money -qq- . why long for glory, which one despises as soon as one has it -qq- . women like silent men-dd- they think they're listening-dd- . women's taste in neckties is as bad as men's in chintz-dd- . work smarder and not harder and be careful of yor speling-dd- . workers these days don't mind putting in an honest day's work-dd- trouble is, it takes 'em a week to do it-dd- . would that reason were as contagious as emotion-dd- . would you fly in an airliner designed and built by the lowest bidder-qq- . yea, though i walk thru the valley of the shadow of death, i shall fear no evil, 'cause i'm the meanest s-dd-o-dd-b-dd- in the valley-dd- . years ago, the symbol of america was the bald eagle-dd- today, it is the beer bottle on the side of the road-dd- . you can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word-dd- . you can never tell which way the train went by looking at the track-dd- . you can say this for death and taxes: when you are done with one, you're done with the other-dd- . you can't drown your troubles, not the real ones, because if they are real, they can swim-dd- . you can't have a clear head when there is a sword hanging over it-dd- . you can't win-dd- . you cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know when it will be too late-dd- . you cannot reason a man out of that which he has not been reasoned into-dd- . you cannot tame a tiger by pulling but one of his teeth-dd- . you know that it's gonna be a bad day when you call suicide prevention and they put you on hold-dd- you know you are in trouble when you come to work in the morning and the boss tells you not to take off your coat-dd- . you know you are in trouble when your only son tells you he wishes anita bryant would mind her own business-dd- . you may not get what you pay for, but you always pay for what you get-dd- . you never know how many friends you have until you own a house at the beach-dd- . you only go around once, and there's not enough gusto for everyone-dd- . you rarely observe a mob rushing across town to do a good deed-dd- . you've one mouth and two ears-dd--dd--dd-use them in that proportion-dd- . your freedom to swing your arm ends where my nose begins-dd- . 