mcgowan's madison avenue axiom: if an item is advertised as "under $50", you can bet it's not $19-dd-95-dd- . van roy's law: an unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys-dd- . how long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on-dd- . underlying principle of socio-genetics: superiority is recessive-dd- . don't worry over what other people are thinking about you-dd- they're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them-dd- . ducharm's axiom: if you view your problem closely enough you will recognize yourself as part of the problem-dd- . a law of computer programming: make it possible for programmers to write in english and you will find the programmers cannot write in english-dd- . turnaucka's law: the attention span of a computer is only as long as its electrical cord-dd- . one good reason why computers can do more work than people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone-dd- . bradley's bromide: if computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee -- that will do them in-dd- . at the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer-dd- . if you put garbage in a computer nothing comes out but garbage-dd- but this garbage, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow enobled and none dare criticize it-dd- . old programmers never die-dd- they just branch to a new address-dd- . the past always looks better than it was-dd- it's only pleasant because it isn't here-dd- -- finley peter dunne (mr-dd- dooley) . military intelligence is a contradiction in terms-dd- -- groucho marx . military justice is to justice what military music is to music-dd- -- groucho marx . eggheads unite-xx- you have nothing to lose but your yolks-dd- -- adlai stevenson . a university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students-dd- -- john ciardi . the iq of the group is the lowest iq of a member of the group divided by the number of people in the group-dd- . imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality-dd- -- jules de gaultier . ingrate: a man who bites the hand that feeds him, and then complains of indigestion-dd- . justice: a decision in your favor-dd- . kin: an affliction of the blood . lie: a very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one discovered to date-dd- . love at first sight is one of the greatest labor-saving devices the world has ever seen-dd- . lunatic asylum: the place where optimism most flourishes-dd- . majority: that quality that distinguishes a crime from a law-dd- . man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to-dd- -- mark twain . man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason-dd- -- oscar wilde . menu: a list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of . "the way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start with a large fortune-dd-" . noncombatant: a dead quaker-dd- -- ambrose bierce . the law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich, as well as the poor, to sleep under the bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread-dd- -- anatole france . bliss is ignorance . god is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh . predestination was doomed from the start-dd- . duct tape is like the force-dd- it has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together-dd--dd--dd- -- carl zwanzig . xerox does it again and again and again and -dd--dd--dd- . never call a man a fool; borrow from him-dd- . misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate-dd- . love is sentimental measles-dd- . life is like an onion: you peel off layer after layer, then you find there is nothing in it-dd- . if you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you really make them think they'll hate you-dd- . i never fail to convince an audience that the best thing they could do was to go away-dd- . if we do not change our direction we are likely to end up where we are headed-dd- . "all my friends and i are crazy-dd- that's the only thing that keeps us sane-dd-" . "if you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is make the rubble bounce" -- winston churchill . but scientists, who ought to know assure us that it must be so-dd- oh, let us never, never doubt what nobody is sure about-dd- -- hilaire belloc . hello dr-dd- falken-dd- would you like to play global thermo-nuclear war-qq- . real programmers don't write specs -- users should consider themselves lucky to get any programs at all and take what they get-dd- . real programmers don't comment their code-dd- if it was hard to write, it should be hard to understand-dd- . real programmers don't write application programs; they program right down on the bare metal-dd- application programming is for feebs who can't do systems programming-dd- . real programmers don't eat quiche-dd- in fact, real programmers don't know how to spell quiche-dd- they eat twinkies, and szechwan food-dd- . real programmers don't write in cobol-dd- cobol is for wimpy applications programmers-dd- . real programmers' programs never work right the first time-dd- but if you throw them on the machine they can be patched into working in "only a few" 30-hour debugging sessions-dd- . real programmers don't write in fortran-dd- fortran is for pipe stress freaks and crystallography weenies-dd- . real programmers never work 9 to 5-dd- if any real programmers are around a 9 am, it's because they were up all night-dd- . real programmers don't write in basic-dd- actually, no programmers write in basic after the age of 12-dd- . real programmers don't write in pl/i-dd- pl/i is for programmers who can't decide whether to write in cobol or fortran-dd- . real programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires you to changer clothes-dd- mountain climbing is ok, and real programmers wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly spring up in the middle of the machine room-dd- . real programmers don't document-dd- documentation is for simps who can't read the listings or the object deck-dd- . real programmers don't write in pascal, or bliss, or ada, or any of those pinko computer science languages-dd- strong typing is for people with weak memories-dd- . the secret to success is sincerity-dd- once you learn to fake that you have it made-dd- . never let your child play with a loaded carp-dd- . the answer is 42-dd- -deep thought . i don't do booze, it dulls the drugs-dd- . lsd consumes 47 times its weight in excess reality-dd- . i'm not as think as you stoned i am-dd- . computers are infalllible-dd- . the three laws of thermodynamics: the first law: you can't get anything without working for it-dd- the second law: the most you can accomplish by working is to break even-dd- the third law: you can only break even at absolute zero-dd- . famous last words: 1) "don't worry, i can handle it-dd-" 2) "you and what army-qq-" 3) "if you were as smart as you think you are, you wouldn't be a cop-dd-" . our os who art in cpu, unix be thy name-dd- thy programs run, thy syscalls done, in kernel as it is in user-xx- . nothing is faster than the speed of light-dd--dd--dd- to prove this to yourself, try opening the refrigerator door before the light comes on-dd- . q: how many heterosexual males does it take to screw in a light bulb in san francisco-qq- a: both of them-dd- . san francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was-dd- . insanity is hereditary-dd- you get it from your kids-dd- . anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no government at all-dd- . do molecular biologists wear designer genes-qq- . whenever the literary german dives into a sentence, that is the last you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his atlantic with his verb in his mouth-dd- -- mark twain . "now is the time for all good men to come to-dd-" -- walt kelly . laetrile is the pits . got mole problems-qq- call avogardo 6-dd-02 x 10^23 . there's no future in time travel . vitamin c deficiency is apauling . time flies like an arrow fruit flies like a banana . science is what happens when preconception meets verification-dd- . electrical engineers do it with less resistance-dd- . "really -qq--qq- what a coincidence, i'm shallow too-xx--xx-" . but in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed, analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses-dd- -- bruce leverett "register allocation in optimizing compilers" . psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill-dd- check three friends-dd- if they're ok, you're it-dd- . user n-dd-: a programmer who will believe anything you tell him-dd- . worst month of the year: february-dd- february has only 28 days in it, which means that if you rent an apartment, you are paying for three full days you don't get-dd- try to avoid februarys whenever possible-dd- . worst vegetable of the year: the brussels sprout-dd- this is also the worst vegetable of next year-dd- . worst month of 1981 for downhill skiing: january-dd- the lines are the shortest, though-dd- . there once was a girl named irene who lived on distilled kerosene but she started absorbin' a new hydrocarbon and since then has never benzene-dd- . genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped-dd- -- elbert hubbard . computer programmers do it byte by byte . "i know not with what weapons world war iii will be fought, but world war iv will be fought with sticks and stones-dd-" -- albert einstein . no one can make you feel inferior without your consent-dd- -- eleanor roosevelt . i must have slipped a disk -- my pack hurts . what is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do-dd- . this login session: $13-dd-99, but for you $11-dd-88 . "i just need enough to tide me over until i need more-dd-" -- bill hoest . q: how many oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb-qq- a: three-dd- one to screw in the lightbulb and two to fend off all those californians trying to share the experience-dd- . now and then an innocent person is sent to the legislature-dd- . she missed an invaluable opportunity to give him a look that you could have poured on a waffle-dd- . he looked at me as if i was a side dish he hadn't ordered-dd- . people will buy anything that's one to a customer-dd- . it was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead-dd- . how wonderful opera would be if there were no singers-dd- . the new congressmen say they're going to turn the government around-dd- i hope i don't get run over again-dd- . what garlic is to salad, insanity is to art-dd- . do not take life too seriously; you will never get out if it alive-dd- . forgetfulness: a gift of god bestowed upon debtors in compensation for their destitution of conscience-dd- . absentee: a person with an income who has had the forethought to remove himself from the sphere of exaction-dd- . you will be surprised by a loud noise-dd- . as of next week, passwords will be entered in morse code-dd- . "in short, _n is richardian if, and only if, _n is not richardian-dd-" . president reagan has noted that there are too many economic pundits and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax-dd- . absent: exposed to the attacks of friends and acquaintances; defamed; slandered-dd- . brain, v-dd-: [as in "to brain"] to rebuke bluntly, but not pointedly; to dispel a source of error in an opponent-dd- . truthful: dumb and illiterate-dd- . a computer, to print out a fact, will divide, multiply, and subtract-dd- but this output can be no more than debris, if the input was short of exact-dd- -- gigo . corrupt: in politics, holding an office of trust or profit-dd- . nature and nature's laws lay hid in night, god said, "let newton be," and all was light-dd- it did not last; the devil howling "ho-xx- let einstein be-xx-" restored the status quo-dd- . razors pain you; rivers are damp; acids stain you; and drugs cause cramp-dd- guns aren't lawful; nooses give; gas smells awful; you might as well live-dd- -- dorothy parker . whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time to reform-dd- -- mark twain . there cannot be a crisis next week-dd- my schedule is already full-dd- -- henry kissinger . whenever people agree with me i always feel i must be wrong-dd- --oscar wilde . the only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it-dd- -- oscar wilde . about the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends-dd- -- herbert hoover . there is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about-dd- -- oscar wilde . the sun was shining on the sea, shining with all his might: he did his very best to make the billows smooth and bright -- and this was very odd, because it was the middle of the night-dd- -- lewis carroll . it's not that i'm afraid to die-dd- i just don't want to be there when it happens-dd- -- woody allen-dd- . the typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation-dd- -- oscar wilde . i can't complain, but sometimes i still do-dd- -- joe walsh . 43rd law of computing: anything that can go wr fortune: segmentation violation -- core dumped . never try to outstubborn a cat-dd- -- lazarus long . flash-xx- intelligence of mankind decreasing-dd- details at -dd--dd--dd- uh, when the little hand is on the -dd--dd--dd--dd- . only god can make random selections-dd- . space is big-dd- you just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind- bogglingly big it is-dd- i mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the drug store, but that's just peanuts to space-dd- -- "the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy" . limericks are art forms complex, their topics run chiefly to sex-dd- they usually have virgins, and masculine urgin's, and other erotic effects-dd- . kinkler's first law: responsibility always exceeds authority-dd- kinkler's second law: all the easy problems have been solved-dd- . "why be a man when you can be a success-qq-" -- bertold brecht . "matrimony isn't a word, it's a sentence-dd-" . how many zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb-qq- none-dd- the universe spines the bulb, and the zen master stays out of the way-dd- . university: like a software house, except the software's free, and it's usable, and it works, and if it breaks they'll quickly tell you how to fix it, and -dd--dd--dd- . how many hardware engineers does it take to change a lightbulb-qq- none: "we'll fix it in software-dd-" . how many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb-qq- none: "we'll document it in the manual-dd-" . how many tech writers does it take to change a lightbulb-qq- none: "the user can work it out-dd-" . god made the idiot for practice, and then he made the school board -- mark twain . be wary of strong drink-dd- it can make you shoot at tax collectors and miss . bride: a woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her-dd- . the pig, if i am not mistaken, gives us ham and pork and bacon-dd- let others think his heart is big, i think it stupid of the pig-dd- . i think that i shall never see a billboard lovely as a tree-dd- perhaps, unless the billboards fall i'll never see a tree at all-dd- . bizarreness is the essence of the exotic . today is the first day of the rest of the mess . today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday . just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you-dd- . paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life-dd- . take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting enough cheese . whether you can hear it or not the universe is laughing behind your back . go 'way-xx- you're bothering me-xx- . put your nose to the grindstone-xx- -- amalgamated plastic surgeons and toolmakers, ltd-dd- . chicken soup: an ancient miracle drug containing equal parts of aureomycin, cocaine, interferon, and tlc-dd- the only ailment chicken soup can't cure is neurotic dependence on one's mother-dd- -- arthur naiman . one of the oldest problems puzzled over in the talmud is: "why did god create goyim-qq-" the generally accepted answer is "_s_o_m_e_b_o_d_y has to buy retail-dd-" -- arthur naiman . "i am not an economist-dd- i am an honest man-xx-" -- paul mccracken . dying is a very dull, dreary affair-dd- and my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it-dd- -- w-dd- somerset maughm . good-bye-dd- i am leaving because i am bored-dd- -- george saunders' dying words . die-qq- i should say not, dear fellow-dd- no barrymore would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him-dd- -- john barrymore's dying words . every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits-dd- . it is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one-dd- . if you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some-dd- . everyting should be built top-down, except the first time-dd- . every program has (at least) two purposes: the one for which it was written and another for which it wasn't-dd- . if a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up-dd- . optimization hinders evolution-dd- . a language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing-dd- . everyone can be taught to sculpt: michelangelo would have had to be taught how _n_o_t to-dd- so it is with the great programmers-dd- . never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together-dd- . never call a man a fool-dd- borrow from him-dd- . mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure-dd- . a truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn-dd- . stop searching-dd- happiness is right next to you-dd- . stop searching-dd- happiness is right next to you-dd- now, if they'd only take a bath-dd--dd--dd- . "he was so narrow minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes-dd--dd--dd-" . it seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag-dd- . why did the lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to avoid responsibility with-qq- . shift to the left-xx- shift to the right-xx- pop up, push down, byte, byte, byte-xx- . the average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think-dd- . "if god lived on earth, people would knock out all his windows-dd-" -- yiddish saying . waiter: "tea or coffee, gentlemen-qq-" 1st customer: "i'll have tea-dd-" 2nd customer: "me, too -- and be sure the glass is clean-xx-" (waiter exits, returns) waiter: "two teas-dd- which one asked for the clean glass-qq-" . the men sat sipping their tea in silence-dd- after a while the klutz said, "life is like a bowl of sour cream-dd-" "like a bowl of sour cream-qq-" asked the other-dd- "why-qq-" "how should i know-qq- what am i, a philosopher-qq-" . horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people-dd- -- w-dd- c-dd- fields . there is something fascinating about science-dd- one gets such wholesale returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact-dd- -- mark twain . this will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it-dd- . afternoon very favorable for romance-dd- try a single person for a change-dd- . beware of low-flying butterflies-dd- . green light in a-dd-m-dd- for new projects-dd- red light in p-dd-m-dd- for traffic tickets-dd- . artistic ventures highlighted-dd- rob a museum-dd- . keep emotionally active-dd- cater to your favorite neurosis-dd- . your analyst has you mixed up with another patient-dd- don't believe a thing he tells you-dd- . do not drink coffee in early a-dd-m-dd- it will keep you awake until noon-dd- . you may be recognized soon-dd- hide-dd- . you have the capacity to learn from mistakes-dd- you'll learn a lot today-dd- . good day for overcoming obstacles-dd- try a steeplechase-dd- . day of inquiry-dd- you will be subpoenaed-dd- . you could get a new lease on life -- if only you didn't need the first and last month in advance-dd- . surprise your boss-dd- get to work on time-dd- . you're being followed-dd- cut out the hanky-panky for a few days-dd- . don't kiss an elephant on the lips today-dd- . future looks spotty-dd- you will spill soup in late evening-dd- . don't feed the bats tonight-dd- . stay away from flying saucers today-dd- . you've been leading a dog's life-dd- stay off the furniture-dd- . do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight-dd- . help a swallow land at capistrano-dd- . succumb to natural tendencies-dd- be hateful and boring-dd- . half moon tonight-dd- (at least its better than no moon at all-dd-) . another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree-dd- . message will arrive in the mail-dd- destroy, before the fbi sees it-dd- . do what comes naturally now-dd- seethe and fume and throw a tantrum-dd- . perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things-dd- . be free and open and breezy-xx- enjoy-xx- things won't get any better so get used to it-dd- . truth will be out this morning-dd- (which may really mess things up-dd-) . travel important today; internal revenue men arrive tomorrow-dd- . good day for a change of scene-dd- repaper the bedroom wall-dd- . you can create your own opportunities this week-dd- blackmail a senior executive-dd- . fine day to throw a party-dd- throw him as far as you can-dd- . good news-dd- ten weeks from friday will be a pretty good day-dd- . think of your family tonight-dd- try to crawl home after the computer crashes-dd- . show respect for age-dd- drink good scotch for a change-dd- . give thought to your reputation-dd- consider changing name and moving to a new town-dd- . if you think last tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow-xx- . excellent day to have a rotten day-dd- . you worry too much about your job-dd- stop it-dd- you are not paid enough to worry-dd- . don't tell any big lies today-dd- small ones can be just as effective-dd- . others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails-dd- . tonight's the night: sleep in a eucalyptus tree-dd- . a professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep-dd- . cynic: a blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as they ought to be-dd- hence the custom among the scythians of plucking out a cynic's eyes to improve his vision-dd- . happiness: an agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of another-dd- . our country has plenty of good five-cent cigars, but the trouble is they charge fifteen cents for them-dd- . question: man invented alcohol, god invented grass-dd- who do you trust-qq- . the brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school-dd- . you cannot kill time without injuring eternity-dd- . enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which otherwise require harder thinking-dd- -- jerome lettvin . ten years of rejection slips is nature's way of telling you to stop writing-dd- -- r-dd- geis . paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems-dd- it's easy to criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too-dd- -- d-dd- j-dd- hicks . what use is magic if it can't save a unicorn-qq- -- peter s-dd- beagle . if at first you don't succeed, give up, no use being a damn fool-dd- . according to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are totally worthless-dd- . wasting time is an important part of living-dd- . due to a shortage of devoted followers, the production of great leaders has been discontinued-dd- . i'm prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday life-dd- . excellent day for drinking heavily-dd- spike office water cooler-dd- . excellent time to become a missing person-dd- . a day for firm decisions-xx--xx--xx--xx--xx- or is it-qq- . fine day to work off excess energy-dd- steal something heavy-dd- . spend extra time on hobby-dd- get plenty of rolling papers-dd- . things will be bright in p-dd-m-dd- a cop will shine a light in your face-dd- . good day to avoid cops-dd- crawl to school-dd- . screw up your courage-xx- you've screwed up everything else-dd- . don't believe everything you hear or anything you say-dd- . do something unusual today-dd- pay a bill-dd- . you will be a winner today-dd- pick a fight with a four-year-old-dd- . troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live in eucalyptus trees-dd- . surprise due today-dd- also the rent-dd- . avoid reality at all costs-dd- . good day to let down old friends who need help-dd- . next friday will not be your lucky day-dd- as a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year-dd- . you are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash-dd- . what the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket-dd- . don't go surfing in south dakota for a while-dd- . celebrate hannibal day this year-dd- take an elephant to lunch-dd- . stay away from hurricanes for a while-dd- . a chubby man with a white beard and a red suit will approach you soon-dd- avoid him-dd- he's a commie-dd- . i really hate this damned machine i wish that they would sell it-dd- it never does quite what i want but only what i tell it-dd- . caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health-dd- . remember, even if you win the rat race -- you're still a rat-dd- . nihilism should commence with oneself-dd- . vote anarchist . i'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous-dd- . nudists are people who wear one-button suits-dd- . tomorrow will be canceled due to lack of interest-dd- . old soldiers never die-dd- young ones do-dd- . ufo's are for real: the air force doesn't exist-dd- . in case of atomic attack, the federal ruling against prayer in schools will be temporarily canceled-dd- . drive defensively-dd- buy a tank-dd- . alexander graham bell is alive and well in new york, and still waiting for a dial tone-dd- . the meek shall inherit the earth -- they are too weak to refuse-dd- . condense soup, not books-xx- . the world is coming to an end-xx- repent and return those library books-xx- . philadelphia is not dull -- it just seems so because it is next to exciting delaware, new jersy-dd- (home of barry fletcher-xx-) . never be led astray onto the path of virtue-dd- . give your child mental blocks for christmas-dd- . mickey mouse wears a spiro agnew watch-dd- . minnie mouse is a slow maze learner-dd- . don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon-dd- . keep america beautiful-dd- swallow your beer cans-dd- . what this country needs is a good five cent anything-xx- . hire the morally handicapped-dd- . i can resist anything but temptation-dd- . modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings-dd- . don't knock president fillmore-dd- he kept us out of vietnam-dd- . earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail your friends-dd- . keep grandma off the streets -- legalize bingo-dd- . reporter (to mahatma gandhi): mr gandhi, what do you think of western civilization-qq- gandhi: i think it would be a good idea-dd- . xerox never comes up with anything original-dd- . acid -- better living through chemistry-dd- . "all flesh is grass" -- isaiah smoke a friend today-dd- . "you'll never be the man your mother was-xx-" . george orwell was an optimist-dd- . chicken little was right-dd- . "qvid me anxivs svm-qq-" . gravity is a myth, the earth sucks-dd- . nostalgia isn't what it used to be-dd- . cleveland still lives-dd- god _m_u_s_t be dead-dd- . don't cook tonight -- starve a rat today-xx- . they're only trying to make me look paranoid-xx- . hail to the sun god he sure is a fun god ra-xx- ra-xx- ra-xx- . brain fried -- core dumped . remember, unix spelled backwards is xinu-dd- . time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once-dd- . if god had wanted you to go around nude, he would have given you bigger hands-dd- . what this country needs is a good five-cent nickel-dd- . losing your drivers' license is just god's way of saying "booga, booga-xx-" . a closed mouth gathers no foot-dd- . a diva who specializes in risqu'e arias is an off-coloratura soprano-dd--dd--dd- . q: how many ibm cpu's does it take to do a logical right shift-qq- a: 33-dd- 1 to hold the bits and 32 to push the register-dd- . violence is the last refuge of the incompetent-dd- -- salvor hardin . "who cares if it doesn't do anything-qq- it was made with our new triple-iso-bifurcated-krypton-gate-mos process-dd--dd--dd-" . "there are three possibilities: pioneer's solar panel has turned away >from the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; or someone loaded star trek 3-dd-2 into our video processor-dd-" . if time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same-qq- . ban the bomb-dd- save the world for conventional warfare-dd- . death is nature's way of telling you to slow down . down with categorical imperative-xx- . earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail your friends . life is a yo-yo, and mankind ties knots in the string-dd- . things are more like they used to be than they are now-dd- . hummingbirds never remember the words to songs-dd- . lysistrata had a good idea-dd- . reality is an obstacle to hallucination-dd- . paul revere was a tattle-tale . familiarity breeds attempt . coronation: the ceremony of investing a sovereign with the outward and visible signs of his divine right to be blown skyhigh with a dynamite bomb-dd- . coward: one who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs-dd- . idiot: a member of a large and powerful tribe whose influence in human affairs has always been dominant and controlling-dd- . honorable: afflicted with an impediment in one's reach-dd- in legislative bodies, it is customary to mention all members as honorable; as, "the honorable gentleman is a scurvy cur-dd-" . year: a period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments-dd- . god did not create the world in 7 days; he screwed around for 6 days and then pulled an all-nighter-dd- . god is a polythiest . god isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking place-dd- . if god is perfect, why did he create discontinuous functions-qq- . "and what will you do when you grow up to be as big as me-qq-" asked the father of his little son-dd- "diet-dd-" . admiration: our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves-dd- . death: to stop sinning suddenly-dd- . "might as well be frank, monsieur-dd- it would take a miracle to get you out of casablanca and the germans have outlawed miracles-dd-" . slang is language that takes off its coat, spits on its hands, and goes to work-dd- . "that must be wonderful-xx- i don't understand it at all-dd-" . the chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up at the steam fitters' picnic-dd- . as far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality-dd- -- albert einstein . death is life's way of telling you you've been fired-dd- -- r-dd- geis . "contrariwise," continued tweedledee, "if it was so, it might be, and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't-dd- that's logic-xx-" -- lewis carroll . it is the business of the future to be dangerous-dd- -- hawkwind . the earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier-dd- . there was a young poet named dan, whose poetry never would scan-dd- when told this was so, he said, "yes, i know-dd- it's because i try to put every possible syllable into that last line that i can-dd-" . a limerick packs laughs anatomical into space that is quite economical-dd- but the good ones i've seen so seldom are clean, and the clean ones so seldom are comical-dd- . "we don't care-dd- we don't have to-dd- we're the phone company-dd-" . "here at the phone company, we serve all kinds of people; from presidents and kings to the scum of the earth-dd--dd--dd-" . "why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet-qq-" -- lily tomlin . god is not dead-xx- he's alive and autographing bibles at cody's . "if i had only known, i would have been a locksmith-dd-" -- albert einstein . if someone had told me i would be pope one day, i would have studied harder-dd- -- pope john paul i . there's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as i learn what it is i'll get married again-dd- -- clint eastwood . flappity, floppity, flip the mouse on the m"obius strip; the strip revolved, the mouse dissolved in a chronodimensional skip-dd- . -dd--dd--dd-and malt does more than milton can to justify god's ways to man -- a-dd- e-dd- housman . where can the matter be oh, dear, where can the matter be when it's converted to energy-qq- there is a slight loss of parity-dd- johnny's so long at the fair-dd- . ibm had a pl/i, its syntax worse than joss; and everywhere this language went, it was a total loss-dd- . system/3-xx- system/3-xx- see how it runs-xx- see how it runs-xx- its monitor loses so totally-xx- it runs all its programs in rpg-xx- it's made by our favorite monopoly-xx- system/3-xx- . as i was passing project mac, i met a quux with seven hacks-dd- every hack had seven bugs; every bug had seven manifestations; every manifestation had seven symptoms-dd- symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks, how many losses at project mac-qq- . reclaimer, spare that tree-xx- take not a single bit-xx- it used to point to me, now i'm protecting it-dd- it was the reader's cons that made it, paired by dot; now, gc, for the nonce, thou shalt reclaim it not-dd- . 99 blocks of crud on the disk, 99 blocks of crud-xx- you patch a bug, and dump it again: 100 blocks of crud on the disk-xx- 100 blocks of crud on the disk, 100 blocks of crud-xx- you patch a bug, and dump it again: 101 blocks of crud on the disk-xx--dd--dd--dd- . the golden rule of arts and sciences the one who has the gold makes the rules-dd- . if the odds are a million to one against something occurring, chances are 50-50 it will-dd- . a-dd-a-dd-a-dd-a-dd-a-dd-: an organization for drunks who drive . accident: a condition in which presence of mind is good, but absence of body is better-dd- -- foolish dictionary . accordion: a bagpipe with pleats-dd- . accuracy: the vice of being right . "acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing-dd-" . adolescence: the stage between puberty and adultery-dd- . adult: one old enough to know better-dd- . advertisement: the most truthful part of a newspaper -- thomas jefferson . good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example-dd- -- la rouchefoucauld . afternoon: that part of the day we spend worrying about how we wasted the morning-dd- . alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of them keeps paying for it-dd- -- peggy joyce . ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy-dd- -- charlie mccarthy . america may be unique in being a country which has leapt from barbarism to decadence without touching civilization-dd- -- john o'hara . antonym: the opposite of the word you're trying to think of-dd- . arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes-dd- -- mickey mouse . ass: the masculine of "lass"-dd- . automobile: a four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down pedestrians-dd- . a baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no responsibility at the other-dd- . a bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy who has cheated some woman out of a divorce-dd- -- don quinn . a banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain-dd- -- mark twain . boy: a noise with dirt on it-dd- . broad-mindedness: the result of flattening high-mindedness out-dd- . a budget is just a method of worrying before you spend money, as well as afterward-dd- . california is a fine place to live -- if you happen to be an orange-dd- -- fred allen . a candidate is a person who gets money from the rich and votes from the poor to protect them from each other-dd- . children are natural mimic who act like their parents despite every effort to teach them good manners-dd- . christ: a man who was born at least 5,000 years ahead of his time-dd- . cigarette: a fire at one end, a fool at the other, and a bit of tobacco in between-dd- . a city is a large community where people are lonesome together -- herbert prochnow . "the climate of bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live elsewhere-dd-" . collaboration: a literary partnership based on the false assumption that the other fellow can spell-dd- . conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody is looking -- h-dd- l-dd- mencken . conversation: a vocal competition in which the one who is catching his breath is called the listener-dd- . "calvin coolidge was the greatest man who ever came out of plymouth corner, vermont-dd-" -- clarence darrow . the cow is nothing but a machine with makes grass fit for us people to eat-dd- -- john mcnulty . cynic: one who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced eye-dd- . democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few-dd- -- g-dd- b-dd- shaw . democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder aloud what the country could do under first-class management-dd- -- senator soaper . die: to stop sinning suddenly-dd- -- elbert hubbard . diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggy" until you can find a rock-dd- . a diplomat is a man who can convince his wife she'd look stout in a fur coat-dd- . egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature to relieve the pain of being a damned fool-dd- -- bellamy brooks . electrocution: burning at the stake with all the modern improvements-dd- . experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a mistake when you make it again-dd- -- f-dd- p-dd- jones . "it's fabulous-xx- we haven't seen anything like it in the last half an hour-xx-" -- macy's . fairy tale: a horror story to prepare children for the newspapers-dd- . faith is the quality that enables you to eat blackberry jam on a picnic without looking to see whether the seeds move-dd- . fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months-dd- -- oscar wilde . we wish you a hare krishna we wish you a hare krishna we wish you a hare krishna and a sun myung moon-xx- -- maxwell smart . if god had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way-dd- . there was a young lady from hyde who ate a green apple and died-dd- while her lover lamented the apple fermented and made cider inside her inside-dd- . if i traveled to the end of the rainbow as dame fortune did intend, murphy would be there to tell me the pot's at the other end-dd- -- bert whitney . silverman's law: if murphy's law can go wrong, it will-dd- . hindsight is an exact science-dd- . ducharme's precept: opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment-dd- . if you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost-dd- . naeser's law: you can make it foolproof, but you can't make it damnfoolproof-dd- . the third law of photography: if you did manage to get any good shots, they will be ruined when someone inadvertently opens the darkroom door and all of the dark leaks out-dd- . mollison's bureaucracy hypothesis: if an idea can survive a bureaucratic review and be implemented it wasn't worth doing-dd- . conway's law: in any organization there will always be one person who knows what is going on-dd- this person must be fired-dd- . it is easier to get forgiveness than permission-dd- . consultants are mystical people who ask a company for a number and then give it back to them-dd- . there is no time like the present for postponing what you ought to be doing-dd- . important letters which contain no errors will develop errors in the mail-dd- corresponding errors will show up in the duplicate while the boss is reading it-dd- . vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving >from where you left them to where you can't find them-dd- . devries' dilemma: if you hit two keys on the typewriter, the one you don't want hits the paper-dd- . when you do not know what you are doing, do it neatly-dd- . finagle's creed: science is true-dd- don't be misled by facts-dd- . velilind's laws of experimentation: 1-dd- if reproducibility may be a problem, conduct the test only once-dd- 2-dd- if a straight line fit is required, obtain only two data points-dd- . rocky's lemma of innovation prevention unless the results are known in advance, funding agencies will reject the proposal-dd- . steinbach's guideline for systems programming never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle-dd- . when the government bureau's remedies do not match your problem, you modify the problem, not the remedy-dd- . horngren's observation: among economists, the real world is often a special case-dd- . first rule of history: history doesn't repeat itself -- historians merely repeat each other-dd- . hanlon's razor: never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity-dd- . fourth law of applied terror: the night before the english history mid-term, your biology instructor will assign 200 pages on planaria-dd- corollary: every instructor assumes that you have nothing else to do except study for that instructor's course-dd- . fifth law of applied terror: if you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book-dd- corollary: if you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live-dd- . just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he knows what it is-dd- . only adults have difficulty with childproof caps-dd- . anything labeled "new" and/or "improved" isn't-dd- the label means the price went up-dd- the label "all new", "completely new", or "great new" means the price went way up-dd- . re graphics: a picture is worth 10k words -- but only those to describe the picture-dd- hardly any sets of 10k words can be adequately described with pictures-dd- . there are two ways to write error-free programs-dd- only the third one works-dd- . as will rogers would have said, "there is no such things as a free variable-dd-" . the best book on programming for the layman is "alice in wonderland"; but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman-dd- . bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may revitalize the corner saloon-dd- . beware of the turing tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of interest is easy-dd- . a lisp programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing-dd- . it is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa-dd- . in english, every word can be verbed-dd- would that it were so in our programming languages-dd- . in a five year period we can get one superb programming language-dd- only we can't control when the five year period will begin-dd- . is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is meant to be discarded: that the whole point is to always see it as a soap bubble-qq- . a year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in god-dd- . when someone says "i want a programming language in which i need only say what i wish done," give him a lollipop-dd- . dealing with failure is easy: work hard to improve-dd- success is also easy to handle: you've solved the wrong problem-dd- work hard to improve-dd- . one can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means-dd- . think of it-xx- with vlsi we can pack 100 eniacs in 1 sq-dd- cm-dd--xx- . why did the roman empire collapse-qq- what is the latin for office automation-qq- . if there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams-dd- . be different: conform-dd- . save energy: be apathetic-dd- . i have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer-dd- -- kehlog albran . "stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly-dd-" . "it is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle if it is lightly greased-dd-" -- kehlog albran . "arguments with furniture are rarely productive-dd-" -- kehlog albran . "even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral-dd-" -- kehlog albran . there's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes-dd- -- dr-dd- who . "just once, i wish we would encounter an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets" -- the brigader, from dr-dd- who . the national short-sleeved shirt association says: support your right to bare arms-xx- . they also surf who only stand on waves-dd- . signs of crime: screaming or cries for help-dd- -- from the brown security crime prevention pamphlet . in the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble-dd- -- alan perlis . you can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on the continuing viability of fortran-dd- -- alan perlis . a lisp programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing-dd- -- alan perlis . 