become a programmer and never see the world-xx- . rom wasn't built in a day-dd- . dave-dd- put down those windows disks, dave-dd- dave-xx- - hal9000 . how much deeper would the oceans be without sponges-qq- . do artificial plants need artificial water-qq- . when patterns are broken - new worlds can emerge-dd- . i have often depended on the blindness of strangers-dd- . i want my data back, machine, and i want it now-xx- . to clone a felon, do i use the copy con command-qq- . if you ever wanted *mindful* drivel, this is it-dd- . software independent: won't work with any software-dd- . blame san andreas, it's all his fault-dd- . i'm one-of-a-kind-dd- (just what kind, nobody is really sure-dd-) . life is like-dd--dd--dd- an analogy-dd- . honesty pays, but not enough to satisfy some people-dd- . ura redneck if you think "deliverence" was a love story-dd- . where there's a will, i want to be in it-dd- . my bit bucket runneth over-dd--dd--dd- . a diploma proves only that you know how to find an answer-dd- . if space is the final frontier, what's time-qq- . i wasn't there-dd- i didn't do it-dd- i want my lawyer-xx- . a scone is a biscuit that's gone to college-dd- . to make it work, you have to do the work-dd- . we're judged by what we finish, not what we start-dd- . i have a mind like a steel-dd--dd--dd- uh-dd--dd--dd- thingy-dd- . why don't gods come with pull-down menus and online help-qq- . i'm not insensitive, i'm male-dd- see the difference-qq- . file not found-dd- nobody leave the room-xx- . really drunk is when you cling to the floor so you don't fall off-dd- . i've got it-xx- i've got it-xx- now, for the cure-dd--dd--dd- . a day without radiation is a day without sunshine-dd- . shoot it, bubba, it might be my mother-in-law-xx- . photographers fade faster than photographs-dd- . my name is borg, james borg, licensed to assimilate-dd- . this time around the revolution will not be televised-dd- . on the 8th day, the corps of engineers started changing everything-dd- . senseless massacre and carnage-qq- where do i sign up-qq- . he who lives by the sword is a regular cut-up-xx- . i get my castles the old-fashioned way-dd- i conquer them-dd- . no carrier-qq- how are we gonna land this modem-qq- . god isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking space-dd- . la quinta is spanish for "next to denny's-dd-" . eeeeuw-xx- you mean you actually talk on the phone-qq- . firing up the blast-o-matic obnoxious airbag deflator-dd- . a juggler is just a schizophrenic playing catch-dd- . a magic book that stays with you - the velcronomicon-dd- . my hovercraft is full of eels-dd- . they had computers in eden-dd- eve had a apple and adam had a wang-dd- . i know everything, but i'm sworn to secrecy-dd- . polaroids: what polar bears get from sitting on the ice-dd- . fifty states and i had to go and pick confusion-dd- . d-dd-a-dd-m-dd-n-dd- - naked mothers against dyslexia . of course i'm on topic-xx- (which conference is this-qq-) . how to make murphy's law fail - try to prove it to someone-dd- . victory find a hundred fathers, but defeat is an orphan-dd- . this is an ex-parrot-dd- . goals are dreams with deadlines-dd- . there is intelligent life in the universe-dd- it ignores us-dd- . never believe anything until it's been officially denied-dd- . paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life-dd- . all i want is a warm bed, a kind word, and unlimited power-dd- . old immortals don't die, they just-dd--dd--dd- don't-dd- . amish safe sex: painting an "x" on the cows that kick-dd- . hard disk-qq- gee, lady, i misunderstood you-dd- . if you can't laugh at yourself, make fun of other people-dd- . grow your own dope - plant a politician-dd- . better one true friend than a hundred relatives-dd- . i am dos of borg-dd- prepare-dd--dd--dd-oops, out of memory-xx- . you cannot strengthen the weak by weakening the strong-dd- . all things considered, insanity may be the best alternative-dd- . there will be a rain dance friday, weather permitting-dd- . ultimate bachelor condiments: liquid lettuce and solid milk-dd- . don't bother pressing that key, there is no esc-dd- . she's so fat that when she sings, it's over-dd- . 