Who questions much, shall learn much, and retain much-dd- Francis Bacon . Life itself is your teacher, and you are in a state of constant learning-dd- Bruce Lee . A dull mind gets bored easily-dd- A curious mind expands forever-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Play is the highest form of research-dd- Albert Einstein . A generation of auto-didacts, educated by the Internet and leveraged by technology, will eventually starve the industrial-education system-dd- Naval Ravikant . A well-educated mind will always have more questions than answers-dd- Helen Keller . Children must be taught how to think, not what to think-dd- Margaret Mead . Teaching kids to count is fine, but teaching them what counts is best-dd- Bob Talber . Kids don’t remember what you try to teach them-dd- They remember what you are-dd- Jim Henson . The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled-dd- Plutarch . A mind is a terrible thing to waste-dd- United Negro College Fund . A room without books is like a body without a soul-dd- Cicero . They know enough who know how to learn-dd- Henry Adams . The person who asks questions is more helpful than the person who offers advice-dd- James Clear . The more you make it easy for your kids, the more your remove the struggle necessary for learning-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I would rather entertain and hope that people learned something than educate people and hope they were entertained-dd- Walt Disney . People learn more on their own rather than being force fed-dd- Socrates . The giving of love is an education in itself-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Teachers open the door, but you must enter by yourself-dd- Chinese proverb . Skepticism: the mark and even the pose of the educated mind-dd- John Dewey . If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need-dd- Cicero . Instruction does much, but encouragement everything-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Free education is abundant, all over the Internet-dd- It’s the desire to learn that’s scarce-dd- Naval Ravikant . Education would be much more effective if its purpose was to ensure that by the time they leave school every boy and girl should know how much they do not know, and be imbued with a lifelong desire to know it-dd- William Haley . A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves-dd- Lao Tzu . Learning is like rowing upstream: not to advance is to drop back-dd- Chinese proverb . No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness and generosity hidden in the soul of a child-dd- The effort of every true education should be to unlock that treasure-dd- Emma Goldman . Only the autodidacts are free-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Learning is not compulsory… neither is survival-dd- W-dd- Edwards Deming . You educate a man; you educate a man-dd- You educate a woman; you educate a generation-dd- Brigham Young . Education begins the gentleman, but reading, good company and reflection must finish him-dd- John Locke . Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don’t-dd- Bill Nye . The best teachers are those who show you where to look but don’t tell you what to see-dd- Alexandra K-dd- Trenfor . The highest result of education is tolerance-dd- Helen Keller (This is one of my favorite education quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . I am still learning-dd- Michelangelo . Learning never exhausts the mind-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Education is what remains after one has forgotten everything he learned in school-dd- Albert Einstein . I have never let my schooling interfere with my education-dd- Mark Twain . The learned man knows that he is ignorant-dd- Victor Hugo . The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Failure is success if we learn from it-dd- Malcolm Forbes . You can never be overdressed or overeducated-dd- Oscar Wilde . Minds are like parachutes, they only function when they are open-dd- James Dewar . The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you-dd- B-dd- B-dd- King . Nine tenths of education is encouragement-dd- Anatole France . To teach is to learn twice-dd- Joseph Joubert . Responsibility educates-dd- Wendell Phillips . If you think education is expensive, try ignorance-dd- Andy McIntyre . The world exists for the education of each man-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Success is a poor teacher-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . There is no education like adversity-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . There is no failure-dd- Only feedback-dd- Robert Allen . When you learn, teach-dd- When you get, give-dd- Maya Angelou . If you don’t go after what you want, you’ll never have it-dd- If you don’t ask, the answer is always no-dd- If you don’t step forward, you’re always in the same place-dd- Nora Roberts . Always do your best-dd- What you plant now, you will harvest later-dd- Og Mandino . Don’t let your learning lead to knowledge-dd- Let your learning lead to action-dd- Jim Rohn . With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . The ideal school would teach health, wealth, and happiness-dd- It‘d be free, self-paced, and available to all-dd- It‘d show opposing ideas and students would self-verify truth-dd- No grades, no tests, no diplomas – just learning-dd- Actually, you’re already here-dd- Careful who you follow-dd- Naval Ravikant . It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop-dd- Confucius . Every child deserves a champion: an adult who will never give up on them, who understands the power of connection and insists they become the best they can possibly be-dd- Rita Pierson . They cannot stop me-dd- I will get my education, if it is in the home, school, or anyplace-dd- Malala Yousafzai . All who have meditated on the art of governing mankind have been convinced that the fate of empires depends on the education of youth-dd- Aristotle . Apply yourself-dd- Get all the education you can, but then, by God, do something-dd- Don’t just stand there, make it happen-dd- Lee Iacocca . Act as if what you do makes a difference-dd- It does-dd- William James . Believe in yourself-xx- Have faith in your abilities-xx- Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . If people did not do silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done-dd- Ludwig Wittgenstein . Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . You know how to tell if the teacher is hung over-qq- Movie Day-dd- Jay Mohr . To add a library to a house is to give that house a soul-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . You can learn many things from children-dd- How much patience you have, for instance-dd- Franklin P-dd- Jones . Having a two-year-old is like having a blender that you don’t have the top for-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . Any kid will run any errand for you if you ask at bedtime-dd- Red Skelton . The human brain is special-dd- It starts working as soon as you get up and it doesn’t stop until you get to school-dd- Milton Berle . Be careful about reading health books-dd- You may die of a misprint-dd- Mark Twain . Education: the path from cocky ignorance to miserable uncertainty-dd- Mark Twain . When a teacher calls a boy by his entire name, it means trouble-dd- Mark Twain . I was reading the dictionary-dd- I thought it was a poem about everything-dd- Steven Wright . The Seinfeld motto: No learning, no hugging-dd- Julia Louis-Dreyfus . Time is the best teacher, but unfortunately, it kills all of its students-dd- Robin Williams . Teachers are those who help us in resolving problems which, without them, we wouldn’t have-dd- Unknown . Marriage can wait, education cannot-dd- Khaled Hosseini . When the student is ready, the master appears-dd- Buddhist proverb . If a seed of a lettuce will not grow, we do not blame the lettuce-dd- Instead, the fault lies with us for not having nourished the seed properly-dd- Buddhist proverb . A single conversation with a wise man is better than 10 years of study-dd- Chinese proverb . Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere-dd- Chinese proverb . Tell me and I’ll forget; show me and I may remember; involve me and I’ll understand-dd- Chinese proverb . If you are planning for a year, sow rice; if you are planning for a decade, plant trees; if you are planning for a lifetime, educate people-dd- Chinese proverb . Give me a fish and I eat for a day-dd- Teach me to fish and I eat for a lifetime-dd- Chinese proverb . Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere-dd- Chinese proverb . He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever-dd- Chinese proverb . Do not confine your children to your own learning, for they were born in another time-dd- Chinese proverb . Wise men may not be learned; learned men may not be wise-dd- Chinese proverb . A stumble may prevent a fall-dd- English Proverb . Despise school and remain a fool-dd- German proverb . All things good to know are difficult to learn-dd- Greek proverb . An apprentice near a temple will recite the scriptures untaught-dd- Japanese proverb . Fall down seven times, stand up eight-dd- Japanese proverb . Better than a thousand days of diligent study is one day with a great teacher-dd- Japanese proverb . By learning you will teach; by teaching you will understand-dd- Latin proverb . Knowledge is learning something new every day-dd- Wisdom is letting go of something every day-dd- Zen proverb . Teaching is the royal road to learning-dd- Jessamyn West . Man can learn nothing except by going from the known to the unknown-dd- Claude Bernard . The real key to learning something quickly is to take a deliberate, intelligent approach to your learning-dd- Lindsay Kolowich . The best teacher is experience and not through someone’s distorted point of view-dd- Jack Kerouac . Everybody’s a teacher if you listen-dd- Doris Roberts . There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm-dd- Willa Cather . Love is a better teacher than duty-dd- Albert Einstein . You get educated by traveling-dd- Solange Knowles . I never teach my pupils; I only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn-dd- Albert Einstein . Peace is a necessity for education-dd- Malala Yousafzai . What we learn with pleasure we never forget-dd- Alfred Mercier . Success is a lousy teacher-dd- It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose-dd- Bill Gates . Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . I like to listen-dd- I have learned a great deal from listening carefully-dd- Most people never listen-dd- Ernest Hemingway . I learned from watching and I learned from doing-dd- Claire Bloom . Seeing much, suffering much, and studying much, are the three pillars of learning-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . There’s no learning without trying lots of ideas and failing lots of times-dd- Jonathan Ive . Learning is acquired by reading books, but the much more necessary learning, the knowledge of the world, is only to be acquired by reading men, and studying all the various facets of them-dd- Lord Chesterfield . Whatever you are doing, put your whole mind on it-dd- If you are shooting, your mind should be only on the target-dd- Then you will never miss-dd- If you are learning your lessons, think only of the lesson-dd- Swami Sivananda . We learn more by looking for the answer to a question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself-dd- Lloyd Alexander . You can learn so much just by doing, not by listening to anybody-dd- Juliana Hatfield . If I am walking with two other men, each of them will serve as my teacher-dd- I will pick out the good points of the one and imitate them, and the bad points of the other and correct them in myself-dd- Confucius . There is a huge value in learning with instant feedback-dd- Anant Agarwal . At the very core of my relationship to learning is the idea that we should be as organic as possible-dd- We need to cultivate a deeply refined introspective sense, and build our relationship to learning around our nuance of character-dd- Joshua Waitzkin . The important thing is to learn a lesson every time you lose-dd- Life is a learning process and you have to try to learn what’s best for you-dd- Let me tell you, life is not fun when you’re banging your head against a brick wall all the time-dd- John McEnroe . Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new-dd- Og Mandino . You aren’t learning anything when you’re talking-dd- Lyndon B-dd- Johnson . You should learn from your competitor, but never copy-dd- Copy and you die-dd- Jack Ma . You never really learn much from hearing yourself talk-dd- George Clooney . One of the reasons people stop learning is that they become less and less willing to risk failure-dd- John W-dd- Gardner . People who switch between tasks tend to lose time and have problems staying on task-dd- Kendra Cherry . Neither comprehension nor learning can take place in an atmosphere of anxiety-dd- Rose Kennedy . The past has infinite value if one learns from it-dd- Ken Hensley . Your best teacher is your last mistake-dd- Ralph Nader . If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid-dd- Epictetus . You don’t learn to walk by following rules-dd- You learn by doing, and by falling over-dd- Richard Branson . You learn more when things go wrong-dd- David E-dd- Kelley . If you learn from defeat, you haven’t really lost-dd- Zig Ziglar . By seeking and blundering we learn-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . You will either step forward into growth, or you will step backward into safety-dd- Abraham Maslow . I learn the most from making my own mistakes-dd- David Fincher . Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new-dd- Albert Einstein . But I look at failure as education-dd- In that respect, I am so well-educated-dd- Kathy Ireland . Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble-dd- Shahrukh Khan . The greatest teacher I know is the job itself-dd- James Cash Penney . I’ve learned to let things roll off my back-dd- Leighton Meester . Observation more than books, experience rather than persons, are the prime educators-dd- A-dd- Bronson Alcott . The first lesson I’ve learned is that no matter what you do in your life, you have to figure out your own internal rhythms – I mean, what works for you doesn’t necessarily work for your friend-dd- Hillary Clinton . All things are lessons that God would have us learn-dd- Iyanla Vanzant . This world is your best teacher-dd- There is a lesson in everything-dd- There is a lesson in each experience-dd- Learn it and become wise-dd- Every failure is a stepping stone to success-dd- Every difficulty or disappointment is a trial of your faith-dd- Every unpleasant incident or temptation is a test of your inner strength-dd- Therefore nil desperandum-dd- March forward hero-xx- Swami Sivananda . You take an educated gamble-dd- If you don’t occasionally make a mistake, you’re not doing your job-dd- James Sinegal . Learn from the past, look to the future, but live in the present-dd- Petra Nemcova . Events are the best teacher for us-dd- You try to learn from people, there is always some bend to it-dd- Yoko Ono . Aim for success, not perfection-dd- Never give up your right to be wrong, because then you will lose the ability to learn new things and move forward with your life-dd- Remember that fear always lurks behind perfectionism-dd- David M-dd- Burns . Learning starts with failure; the first failure is the beginning of education-dd- John Hersey . What is defeat-qq- Nothing but education-dd- Nothing but the first step to something better-dd- Wendell Phillips . Failure is a great teacher, and I think when you make mistakes and you recover from them and you treat them as valuable learning experiences, then you’ve got something to share-dd- Steve Harvey . A smart man makes a mistake, learns from it, and never makes that mistake again-dd- But a wise man finds a smart man and learns from him how to avoid the mistake altogether-dd- Roy H-dd- Williams . Experience is the only teacher we have-dd- We may talk and reason all our lives, but we shall not understand a word of truth until we experience it ourselves-dd- Swami Sivananda . Give me a fruitful error any time, full of seeds, bursting with its own corrections-dd- You can keep your sterile truth for yourself-dd- Vilfredo Pareto . The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate-dd- Doug Larson . Never mistake a single mistake with a final mistake-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . Experience: that most brutal of teachers-dd- But you learn, my God do you learn-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills-dd- Minna Antrim . I learned the value of hard work by working hard-dd- Margaret Mead . Prosperity is a great teacher; adversity a greater-dd- William Hazlitt . The best education in the world is that got by struggling to get a living-dd- Wendell Phillips . I learned to focus and work hard and not give up-dd- I learned that every obstacle is really an opportunity-dd- Jenna Ushkowitz . I learned that focus is key-dd- Not just in your running a company, but in your personal life as well-dd- Tim Cook . On Albert Einstein: Unlike most of his schoolmates, and schoolchildren today for that matter, the young Albert supplemented his education at school with his own self-styled curriculum at home and developed the skills he deemed important-dd- He read and read and read-dd- When he was hard at work, even the chaos of the family’s constant chatter could not distract the little autodidact-dd- Jurgen Neffe . The internet is the best school ever created-dd- The best peers are on the Internet-dd- The best books are on the Internet-dd- The best teachers are on the Internet-dd- The tools for learning are abundant-dd- It’s the desire to learn that’s scarce-dd- Naval Ravikant . Our greatest weakness lies in giving up-dd- The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Believe in yourself and all that you are-dd- Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle-dd- Christian D-dd- Larson . The important thing in life is not the triumph but the struggle-dd- Pierre de Coubertin . A scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar-dd- Lao Tzu . Suffering is one of life’s great teachers-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . In solitude the mind gains strength and learns to lean upon itself-dd- Laurence Sterne . I learn the most when it’s really, really tough-dd- Maxime Lagace . I wrote my first novel at the age of 19-dd- […] I didn’t get published until I was 28-dd- There was a lot of learning from 19 to 28-dd- Nicholas Sparks . I think if you keep working hard and following your dreams, you can accomplish everything you set your mind to-dd- Sundar Pichai, Google CEO . I think that obstacles lead to growth and ultimately, the most learning I’ve done in my life is between jobs-dd- Anthony Michael Hall . Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence-dd- Abigail Adams . With an education you all have everything you need to rise above all of the noise and fulfill every last one of your dreams-dd- Michelle Obama . You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Resiliency is a skill that cannot be overlooked-dd- In fact, it can be a skill that is the difference between surviving and thriving-dd- Laurie A-dd- Namey . A good teacher must know the rules; a good pupil, the exceptions-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . You are rewarding a teacher poorly if you remain always a pupil-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . My whole teaching is simply this: Whatsoever you are, accept it so totally that nothing is left to be achieved, and you will become a white cloud-dd- Osho . Every child is simple, just a clean slate-dd- Then the parents start writing on his slate – what he has to become-dd- Then the teachers, the priests, the leaders – they all go on emphasizing that you have to become somebody; otherwise, you have wasted your life-dd- Just the opposite is the case-dd- You are a being-dd- You need not become anybody else-dd- That is the meaning of simplicity: remaining at ease with one’s being, and not going on any track of becoming – which is unending-dd- Osho . On questioning everything: It would infuriate my parents that I wouldn’t just believe them when they said something, because I asked them why and then I consider whether that response made sense given everything else I know-dd- Elon Musk . I think people can choose to be not ordinary-dd- They can choose to not necessarily conform to the conventions that were taught to them by their parents-dd- So yes, I think it’s possible for ordinary people to choose to be extraordinary-dd- Elon Musk . Passive acceptance of the teacher’s wisdom is easy to most boys and girls-dd- It involves no effort of independent thought, and seems rational because the teacher knows more than his pupils; it is moreover the way to win the favor of the teacher unless he is a very exceptional man-dd- Yet the habit of passive acceptance is a disastrous one in later life-dd- It causes man to seek and to accept a leader, and to accept as a leader whoever is established in that position-dd- Bertrand Russell . Do not believe in anything simply because you have heard it-dd- Do not believe in anything simply because it is spoken and rumored by many-dd- Do not believe in anything simply because it is found written in your religious books-dd- Do not believe in anything merely on the authority of your teachers and elders-dd- Do not believe in traditions because they have been handed down for many generations-dd- But after observation and analysis, when you find that anything agrees with reason and is conducive to the good and benefit of one and all, then accept it and live up to it-dd- Buddha . The truth is when I went to graduate school I would’ve said I was among the least talented of the students, I was certainly the least smart, or less educated-dd- But I worked very hard-dd- Mary Karr . It is important that students bring a certain ragamuffin, barefoot irreverence to their studies; they are not here to worship what is known, but to question it-dd- Jacob Bronowski . Don’t say you don’t have enough time-dd- You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr-dd- . Learning acquired in youth arrests the evil of old age; and if you understand that old age has wisdom for its food, you will so conduct yourself in youth that your old age will not lack for nourishment-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . The function of a child is to live his/her own life, not the life that his/her anxious parents think he/she should live, nor a life according to the purpose of the educators who thinks they knows best-dd- A-dd-S-dd- Neill . The middle years should be so busy, so demanding, so active, so adventurous that adolescents should barely have time for introspection-dd- Michael Barber . Any fool can know-dd- The point is to understand-dd- Albert Einstein . The more that you read, the more things you will know-dd- The more that you learn, the more places you’ll go-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Learn what is true in order to do what is right-dd- Thomas Huxley . Try to learn something about everything and everything about something-dd- Thomas Huxley . What is important is to keep learning, to enjoy challenge, and to tolerate ambiguity-dd- In the end there are no certain answers-dd- Martina Horner . The key thing to remember about me is that I’m still a student-dd- I’m still in boot camp-dd- Steve Jobs . Learning is a result of listening, which in turn leads to even better listening and attentiveness to the other person-dd- In other words, to learn from the child, we must have empathy, and empathy grows as we learn-dd- Alice Miller . A little learning is a dangerous thing, but a lot of ignorance is just as bad-dd- Bob Edwards . I learned how to win by losing and not liking it-dd- Tom Watson . I think my parents gave me a love of learning; from there you set out on your own path-dd- Gore Verbinski . Learning how to work and learning how to fail is important-dd- Jamie Moyer . Every act of conscious learning requires the willingness to suffer an injury to one’s self-esteem-dd- That is why young children, before they are aware of their own self-importance, learn so easily-dd- Thomas Szasz . All are agreed, that the increase of learning and good morals are great blessings to society-dd- Joseph Lancaster . The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live-dd- Mortimer Adler . What I’ve come to know is that in life, it’s not always the questions we ask, but rather our ability to hear the answers that truly enriches our understanding-dd- Never, never stop learning-dd- Lester Holt . The gateways to wisdom and learning are always open, and more and more I am choosing to walk through them-dd- Barriers, blocks, obstacles, and problems are personal teachers giving me the opportunity to move out of the past and into the Totality of Possibilities-dd- Louise L-dd- Hay . If we learn not humility, we learn nothing-dd- John Jewel . You should put time into learning your craft-dd- It seems like people want success so quickly, way before they’re ready-dd- Lucinda Williams . The only thing that mattered was what you were to do in life, and it wasn’t about money-dd- It was about teaching, or learning-dd- Maya Lin . All the learning in the world cannot replace instinct-dd- Robert Ley . I have never in my life learned anything from any man who agreed with me-dd- Dudley Field Malone . You only stop learning when you quit-dd- Ruud Gullit . One of the bigger misconceptions of learning is that many skills take a lifetime to get world-class at, or 10,000 hours to become world-class at-dd- Tim Ferriss . People learn something every day, and a lot of times it’s that what they learned the day before was wrong-dd- Bill Vaughan . The wisest mind has something yet to learn-dd- George Santayana . There is no single way to educate-dd- Michael Gurian . Children just need the time, the space, and the permission to be kids-dd- Angela Hanscom . We should not teach children the sciences but give them a taste for them-dd- Jean Jacques Rousseau . In order to help another effectively, I must understand what he understands-dd- If I do not know that, my greater understanding will be of no help to him… instruction begins when you put yourself in his place so that you may understand what he understands and in the way he understands it-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . As a teacher, my strategy is to encourage questioning-dd- I’m the least authoritarian professor you’ll ever meet-dd- Niall Ferguson . Our job is not to prepare students for something-dd- Our job is to help students prepare themselves for anything-dd- A-dd-J-dd- Juliani . Rather than jumping straight into the answers, let’s try to start students off with the sort of questions that encourage them to do their own seeking-dd- Marianne Stenger . Humor activates our sense of wonder, which is where learning begins-dd- Sarah Henderson . Developing a desire to learn is the kindling point of all classroom achievement-dd- Robert John Meehan . The most important thing I think teachers can do for young people is to make them inquiring, is to ensure that they know how to gather information, that they check information and they take their information from a multiplicity of sources-dd- David Puttnam . The first condition of education is being able to put someone to wholesome and meaningful work-dd- John Ruskin . Children have to be educated, but they have also to be left to educate themselves-dd- Ernest Dimnet . Example is the school of mankind, and they will learn at no other-dd- Edmund Burke . Art in the classroom not only spurs creativity, it also inspires learning-dd- Mickey Hart . The dream begins with a teacher who believes in you, who tugs and pushes and leads you to the next plateau, sometimes poking you with a sharp stick called “truth”-dd- Dan Rather . The job of an educator is to teach students to see the vitality in themselves-dd- Joseph Campbell . The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind-dd- Khalil Gibran . When the atmosphere encourages learning, the learning is inevitable-dd- Elizabeth Foss . The most effective teachers embody the teaching they give out-dd- Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . A teacher’s job is to take a bunch of live wires and see that they are well-grounded-dd- D-dd- Martin . Teachers started recognizing me and praising me for being smart in science and that made me want to be even smarter in science-xx- Steve Wozniak . The secret in education lies in respecting the student-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The job of the teacher is to inspired, to challenge, to excite their students to want to learn-dd- Yes, they also do explain and demonstrate and show things, but fundamentally that is beside the point-dd- The most important thing a teacher is make every student feel like they are important, to make them feel accountable for doing the work of learning-dd- Derek Alexander Muller . The first education should be the harmonious development of the child’s physical, mental and spiritual powers-dd- Providing warm and understanding responses to your children’s ‘hearts’ accomplishes far more than pressuring book knowledge into their minds-dd- Raymond and Dorothy Moore . When the teacher regards each student as a unique individual and therefore not to be compared with any other, he is then not concerned with system or method-dd- His sole concern is with ‘helping’ the student to understand the conditioning influences about him and within himself, so that he can face intelligently without fear, the complex process of living and not add more problems to the already existing mess-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of becoming-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The art of teaching is the art of assisting discovery-dd- Mark Van Doren . The whole art of teaching is only the art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards-dd- Anatole France . One of the main focuses of my training sessions is to help individuals find their unique voices in the learning process-dd- We all have our strengths, our weaknesses, our styles of learning, our personalities-dd- Developing introspective sensitivity to these issues is critical to long-term success-dd- Joshua Waitzkin . You can teach a student a lesson for a day; but if you can teach him to learn by creating curiosity, he will continue the learning process as long as he lives-dd- Clay P-dd- Bedford . A teacher who is not dogmatic is simply a teacher who is not teaching-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . There are two kinds of teachers: the kind that fill you with so much quail shot that you can’t move, and the kind that just gives you a little prod behind and you jump to the skies-dd- Robert Frost . The average teacher explains complexity; the gifted teacher reveals simplicity-dd- Robert Brault . An eternal question about children is, how should we educate them-qq- Politicians and educators consider more school days in a year, more science and math, the use of computers and other technology in the classroom, more exams and tests, more certification for teachers, and less money for art-dd- All of these responses come from the place where we want to make the child into the best adult possible, not in the ancient Greek sense of virtuous and wise, but in the sense of one who is an efficient part of the machinery of society-dd- But on all these counts, soul is neglected-dd- Thomas Moore . A child seldom needs a good talking to as a good listening-dd- Robert Brault . Rewards and punishment is the lowest form of education-dd- Zhuangzi . Too often we give children answers to remember rather than problems to solve-dd- Roger Lewin . Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon-dd- E-dd-M-dd- Forster . The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher regard those who think alike than those who think differently-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . If you’re teaching today what you were teaching five years ago, either the field is dead or you are-dd- Noam Chomsky . Please stop teaching my children that everyone gets a trophy just for participating-dd- What is this, the Nobel Prize-qq- Not everybody gets a trophy-dd- Glenn Beck . It is easier for a tutor to command than to teach-dd- John Locke . I had teachers who I could tell didn’t want to be there-dd- And I just couldn’t get inspired by someone who didn’t want to be there-dd- Hilary Swank . A child cannot be taught by anyone who despises him-dd- James Baldwin . Much education today is monumentally ineffective-dd- All too often we are giving young people cut flowers when we should be teaching them to grow their own plants-dd- John W-dd- Gardner . The most beautiful things in the creating of the child are his ‘mistakes’-dd- The more a child’s work is full of these individual mistakes the more wonderful it is-dd- And the more a teacher removes them from the child’s work the duller, more desolate and impersonal it becomes-dd- Franz Cizek . Fear is not a good teacher-dd- The lessons of fear are quickly forgotten-dd- Mary Catherine Bateson . A good teacher is one who makes himself progressively unnecessary-dd- Thomas Carruthers . There is no recipe to be a great teacher, that’s what is unique about them-dd- Robert Sternberg . So what does a good teacher do-qq- Create tension – but just the right amount-dd- Donald Norman . We expert teachers know that motivation and emotional impact are what matter-dd- Donald Norman . Great teachers are earnest learners-dd- Rebecca Alber . A good teacher is a master of simplification and an enemy of simplism-dd- Louis A-dd- Berman . A teacher is never a giver of truth – he is a guide, a pointer to the truth that each student must find for himself-dd- A good teacher is merely a catalyst-dd- Bruce Lee . The mediocre teacher tells-dd- The good teacher explains-dd- The superior teacher demonstrates-dd- The great teacher inspires-dd- William Arthur Ward . Good teachers make the best of a pupil’s means; great teachers foresee a pupil’s ends-dd- Maria Callas . Good teachers know how to bring out the best in students-dd- Charles Kuralt . A good teacher will appreciate the good qualities of his students-dd- If one good quality is allowed to emerge, a world of good qualities will emerge from that one-dd- Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . The best teacher is the one who suggests rather than dogmatizes, and inspires his listener with the wish to teach himself-dd- Edward G-dd- Bulwer-Lytton . Good teaching is more a giving of right questions than a giving of right answers-dd- Josef Albers . Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths theater-dd- Gail Godwin . Tragedy is a hell of a teacher-dd- It’s much too strict, but it’s a hell of a teacher-dd- Harlan Coben . Our best teachers do more than impart facts and figures – they inspire and encourage students and instill a true desire to learn-dd- That’s a fine art in itself-dd- Sonny Perdue . Great teachers transcend ideology-dd- Suzanne Fields . We need teachers – an hero in every classroom-dd- Unknown . Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions-dd- Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great-dd- Mark Twain . The great moral teachers of humanity were, in a way, artistic geniuses in the art of living-dd- Albert Einstein . A truly special teacher is very wise, and sees tomorrow in every child’s eyes-dd- Unknown . Teaching is the profession that teaches all the other professions-dd- Unknown . I am indebted to my father for living, but to my teacher for living well-dd- Alexander the Great . A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops-dd- Henry Adams . If you have to put someone on a pedestal, put teachers-dd- They are society’s heroes-dd- Guy Kawasaki . Teachers are unparalleled in the role they play in children’s lives-dd- Jon Porter . Anyone who does anything to help a child in his life is a hero to me-dd- Fred Rodgers . I like a teacher who gives you something to take home to think about besides homework-dd- Lily Tomlin . Teachers appreciate being appreciated, for teacher appreciation is their highest award-dd- Prince William . I’m convinced many of America’s heroes are public school teachers and administrators-dd- Adam Hamilton . Everyone who remembers his own education remembers teachers, not methods and techniques-dd- The teacher is the heart of the educational system-dd- Sidney Hook . One looks back with appreciation to the brilliant teachers, but with gratitude to those who touched our human feelings-dd- The curriculum is so much necessary raw material, but warmth is the vital element for the growing plant and for the soul of the child-dd- Carl Jung . Teachers are our greatest public servants; they spend their lives educating our young people and shaping our Nation for tomorrow-dd- Solomon Ortiz . Teachers have the hardest and most important jobs in America-dd- They’re building our nation-dd- And we should appreciate them, respect them, and pay them well-dd- Jim Hunt . No one is more important to the future of our state than our teachers-dd- Mike Huckabee . Teachers are the one and only people who save nations-dd- Kemal Ataturk . Teachers have a chance to mold someone, inspire them-dd- I hope all teachers realize that-dd- Kevin James . In teaching you cannot see the fruit of a day’s work-dd- It is invisible and remains so, maybe for twenty years-dd- Jacques Barzun . A teacher is a person who never says anything once-dd- Howard Nemerov . Kids’ views are often just as valid as the teachers’-dd- The best teachers are the ones that know that-dd- Morley Safer . Technology is just a tool-dd- In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important-dd- Bill Gates . I think eventually I want to become a teacher, like my father wanted to be, and hopefully positively influence the next generation-dd- Ann Curry . When I ask teachers why they teach, they almost always say that it is because they want to make a difference in the lives of children-dd- Arne Duncan . What the teacher is, is more important than what he teaches-dd- Karl Menninger . I’m lucky I had some teachers who saw something in me-dd- Ann Bancroft . I don’t think most teachers realize how much impact they have-dd- Scott Hamilton . I am not a teacher, but an awakener-dd- Robert Frost . Every student can learn, just not on the same day, or the same way-dd- George Evans . Nothing that is worth knowing can be taught-dd- Oscar Wilde . Teaching is the greatest act of optimism-dd- Colleen Wilcox . The teacher is the one who gets the most out of the lessons, and the true teacher is the learner-dd- Elbert Hubbard . I always felt I needed to teach to survive-dd- Leonard Baskin . It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge-dd- Albert Einstein . The dream begins with a teacher who believes in you, who tugs and pushes and leads you to the next plateau, sometimes poking you with a sharp stick called ‘truth’-dd- Dan Rather . Without any doubt at all, teacher quality is the fundamental differentiator-dd- Not just, incidentally, of education, but I would argue, probably the biggest single differentiator of success for the nations of the 21st Century-dd- David Puttnam . The greatest sign of success for a teacher… is to be able to say, ‘The children are now working as if I did not exist-dd-’ Maria Montessori . We teachers can only help the work going on, as servants wait upon a master-dd- Maria Montessori . I cannot emphasize enough the importance of a good teacher-dd- Temple Grandin . I’ve come to a frightening conclusion that I am the decisive element in the classroom-dd- It’s my personal approach that creates the climate-dd- It’s my daily mood that makes the weather-dd- As a teacher, I possess a tremendous power to make a child’s life miserable or joyous-dd- I can be a tool of torture or an instrument of inspiration-dd- I can humiliate or heal-dd- In all situations, it is my response that decides whether a crisis will be escalated or de-escalated and a child humanized or dehumanized-dd- Haim G-dd- Ginott . I think once you’re in the public eye, whether you’re a boss, a teacher or whatever you do, that you’re automatically in the position of role model-dd- You have people looking up to you, so whether you choose to accept it or not is a different question-dd- Talib Kweli . Teaching is an instinctual art, mindful of potential, craving of realizations, a pausing, seamless process-dd- A-dd- Bartlett Giamatti . Parents: let your kids fail-dd- You’ll be doing them a favor-dd- Jenny Anderson . Dear parents, have great patience, and forgive from the depths of your heart-dd- Pope Francis . Children need love, especially when they do not deserve it-dd- Harold Hulbert . My parents taught me I could be anything in the world I wanted to be-dd- Joan Jett . I learned most, not from those who taught me but from those who talked with me-dd- Saint Augustine . Parents need to fill a child’s bucket of self-esteem so night that the rest of the world can’t poke enough holes to drain it dry-dd- Alvin Price . And you know, life is a constant learning experience-dd- I learn so much with my kids-dd- I read tons of books and study what they’re studying-dd- Reese Witherspoon . I got a lot of support from my parents-dd- That’s the one thing I always appreciated-dd- They didn’t tell me I was being stupid; they told me I was being funny-dd- Jim Carrey . On his father: He spent a lot of time with me… teaching me how to build things, how to take things apart, put things back together-dd- Steve Jobs . If parents want to give their children a gift, the best thing they can do is to teach their children to love challenges, be intrigued by mistakes, enjoy effort, and keep on learning-dd- That way, their children don’t have to be slaves of praise-dd- Carol Dweck . Growing up, my parents were my heroes, in the way they conducted their lives-dd- Chris Hemsworth . My parents never talked to me like I was a kid-dd- Maybe that’s why I’ve been seen as mature-dd- Dakota Fanning . Honour your daughters, trust them and most importantly, educate them-dd- Ziauddin Yousafzai . I see my upbringing as a great success story-dd- By disciplining me, my parents inculcated self-discipline-dd- And by restricting my choices as a child, they gave me so many choices in my life as an adult-dd- Because of what they did then, I get to do the work I love now-dd- Amy Chua . Example is not the main thing in influencing others-dd- It is the only thing-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Parents can lay the foundations for their teenage children to take good decisions, for example by promoting their ability to retain and elaborate information, or to balance the desire for immediate reward with the one for greater, long-term goals since a young age-dd- Andrea Danese . I was lucky to have parents who loved me-dd- Jean Paul Gaultier . I agree that a love of reading is a great gift for a parent to pass on to his or her child-dd- Ann Brashares . Perhaps the most important thing is to step back and let your child stumble-dd- Jamie M-dd- Howard . I was raised by my parents to believe that you had a moral obligation to try and help save the world-dd- Anne Lamott . My parents were very supportive-dd- They went to every show-dd- And they never told me not to do what I was doing-dd- Annette Bening . My theory is that one needs to be loved completely, unconditionally, and unfettered by parental disapproval, if one is to get happily through life which, after all, presents its own hurdles-dd- Arabella Weir . I believe that a parent’s role is to provide a path or opportunity for their children-dd- David Soul . I think if you give your best as a parent, then that’s all you can do-dd- Heidi Klum . The goal of early childhood education should be to activate the child’s own natural desire to learn-dd- Maria Montessori . The child should live in an environment of beauty-dd- Maria Montessori . My parents encouraged thought-dd- You’ll get through life better if you learn how to think-dd- Holly Near . I take parenting incredibly seriously-dd- I want to be there for my kids and help them navigate the world, and develop skills, emotional intelligence, to enjoy life, and I’m lucky to be able to do that and have two healthy, normal boys-dd- Joan Cusack . It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength-dd- Maya Angelou . If you are a parent, open doors to unknown directions to the child so he can explore-dd- Don’t make him afraid of the unknown, give him support-dd- Osho . Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness-dd- If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love-dd- Stevie Wonder . Educate your children to self-control, to the habit of holding passion and prejudice and evil tendencies subject to an upright and reasoning will, and you have done much to abolish misery from their future and crimes from society-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Children need models rather than critics-dd- Joseph Joubert . Don’t limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . It is paradoxical that many educators and parents still differentiate between a time for learning and a time for play without seeing the vital connection between them-dd- Leo Buscaglia . I think the biggest difference is that I’ve noticed Western parents seem much more concerned about their children’s psyches, their self-esteem, whereas tough immigrant parents assume strength rather than fragility in their children and therefore behave completely differently-dd- Amy Chua . Knowledge which is acquired under compulsion has no hold on the mind-dd- Therefore do not use compulsion, but let early education be a sort of amusement; you will then be better able to discover the child’s natural bent-dd- Plato . The parents have to learn that the child should not be insulted, humiliated, condemned-dd- If you want to help him, love him more-dd- Appreciate what is good in him rather than emphasizing what is bad-dd- Talk about his goodness-dd- Let the whole neighborhood know how nice and beautiful a boy he is-dd- You may be able to shift his energy from the bad side to the good side, from the dark side to the lighted side, because you will make him aware that this is the way to get respect, this is the way to be honored-dd- And you will prevent him from doing anything that makes him fall down in people’s eyes-dd- Osho . I was raised by extremely strict – but also extremely loving – Chinese immigrant parents, and I had the most wonderful childhood-xx- I remember laughing constantly with my parents – my dad is a real character and very funny-dd- I certainly did wish they allowed to me do more things-xx- Amy Chua . Parenting is the hardest thing I have ever done-dd- I tried to find the balance between the strict, traditional Chinese way I was raised, which I think can be too harsh, and what I see as a tendency in the West to be too permissive and indulgent-dd- If I could do it all again, I would, with some adjustments-dd- Amy Chua . Parents appreciate the child who agrees; they condemn the child who disagrees-dd- Osho . As a nonparent, I stand in awe of parents-dd- Philip Yancey . That best academy, a mother’s knee-dd- James Russell Lowell . One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters-dd- George Herbert . Of course, parents are the most important people in a child’s life-dd- Hillary Clinton . You are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent forth-dd- Khalil Gibran . When I look back I can’t believe how my parents managed, but the cliché is true-dd- We didn’t have money, but we were rich in so many other ways-dd- Joaquin Phoenix . Parents lend children their experience and a vicarious memory; children endow their parents with a vicarious immortality-dd- George Santayana . There is no school equal to a decent home and no teacher equal to a virtuous parent-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Be kind to your children-dd- Unless you raise them in a cardboard box without any stimulation or interaction, then they will probably be just fine-dd- Bruce Hood . What is a home without children-qq- Quiet-dd- Henny Youngman . With every word we utter, with every action we take, we know our kids are watching us-dd- Michelle Obama . Parenthood is such a lesson in self-sacrifice-dd- Angela Kinsey . Parenting is not for sissies-dd- You have to sacrifice and grow up-dd- Jillian Michaels . We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . When you become a parent, it’s not all about you anymore-dd- Carre Otis . Being a parent is not a reasonable thing-dd- It is a very hard thing-dd- I am a parent and I know-dd- Dee Snider . But now, being a parent, I go home and see my son and I forget about any mistake I ever made or the reason I’m upset-dd- I get home and my son is smiling or he comes running to me-dd- It has just made me grow as an individual and grow as a man-dd- LeBron James . When you become a parent, you look at your parents differently-dd- You look at being a child differently-dd- It’s an awakening, a revelation that you have-dd- Philip Seymour Hoffman . You know, parenting is so personal-dd- And we’re all afraid that we didn’t quite get it right-dd- And it feels like the stakes are so high-dd- By we – what if we made a mistake-qq- Amy Chua . Being a mother has been my greatest teacher and also the most self-sacrificing thing I’ve ever done-dd- Katey Sagal Even . Nothing is so contagious as example-dd- La Rochefoucauld . Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk-dd- Carl Jung . If you don’t feel safe as a child, you can’t learn-dd- Lady Gaga . I think our job as parents is to give our kids roots to grow and wings to fly-dd- Deborah Norville . Developing resilience isn’t something you do over night — it’s the work of a lifetime-dd- Connie Matthiessen . When you want to teach children to think, you begin by treating them seriously when they are little, giving them responsibilities, talking to them candidly, providing privacy and solitude for them, and making them readers and thinkers of significant thoughts from the beginning-dd- That’s if you want to teach them to think-dd- Bertrand Russell . Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them-dd- James Baldwin . My coach and my parents both had this relationship to what I was doing, which was allowing me to express myself with chess-dd- And so I could love it-dd- I had a passion for it-dd- I was expressing myself through chess, and I was learning about myself through chess-dd- Joshua Waitzkin . It is true that my parents were worried because I began to speak relatively late, so much so that they consulted a doctor-dd- I can’t say how old I was then, certainly not less than three-dd- Albert Einstein . I do believe that when your child does poorly on a test, your first step should not necessarily be to attack the teacher or the school’s curriculum-dd- It should be to look at the idea that, maybe, the child didn’t work hard enough-dd- Amy Chua . But, in fact, there is nothing that can bring you closer to fearlessness about everything else in the world than being a parent – because everyday fears – like not being approved of – pale by comparison to the fears you have about your children-dd- Arianna Huffington . I learned from my parents the idea that, if you are devoted enough and you want to study something enough, you can really teach yourself anything-dd- Brit Marling . The more certain kids are that someone’s got their back, the more confident and autonomous they can be-dd- Melinda Wenner Moyer . To educate the intelligence is to expand the horizon of its wants and desires-dd- James Russell Lowell . Education begins at home and I applaud the parents who recognize that they – not someone else – must take responsibility to assure that their children are well educated-dd- Ernest Istook . I’ve learned that the best classroom in the world is at the feet of an elderly person-dd- Andy Rooney . Education is the process of facilitating learning, or the acquisition of knowledge, skills, values, beliefs, and habits-dd- Wikipedia . Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire-dd- William Butler Yeats . Education is the art of making man ethical-dd- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel . Education is teaching our children to desire the right things-dd- Plato . Education is the power to think clearly, the power to act well in the world’s work, and the power to appreciate life-dd- Brigham Young . Education is not the piling on of learning, information, data, facts, skills, or abilities – that’s training or instruction – but is rather making visible what is hidden as a seed-dd- Thomas Moore . Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world-dd- Nelson Mandela . Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself-dd- John Dewey . Education is our passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to the people who prepare for it today-dd- Malcolm X . Education is the only solution-dd- Education first-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Education is light-dd- Ignorance is darkness-dd- Ziauddin Yousafzai . Education is helping the child realize his potentialities-dd- Eric Fromm . Education is simply the soul of a society as it passes from one generation to another-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . Education is the transmission of civilization-dd- Will Durant . Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance-dd- Will Durant . Education is the mother of leadership-dd- Wendell Willkie . Education is the methodical creation of the habit of thinking-dd- Ernest Dimnet . Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom-dd- George Washington Carver . Education is the leading of human souls to what is best, and making what is best out of them-dd- John Ruskin . Education is what most receive, many pass on, and few possess-dd- Karl Kraus . Education is hanging around until you’ve caught on-dd- Robert Frost . Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices-dd- Laurence J-dd- Peter . Education is not to reform students or amuse them or to make them expert technicians-dd- It is to unsettle their minds, widen their horizons, inflame their intellects, teach them to think straight, if possible-dd- Robert M-dd- Hutchins . Education is a human right with immense power to transform-dd- On its foundation rest the cornerstones of freedom, democracy and sustainable human development-dd- Kofi Annan . Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family-dd- Kofi Annan . Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence-dd- Robert Frost . Education is of far greater importance than heredity in forming character-dd- Desiderius Erasmus . Education is the vaccine for violence-dd- Edward James Olmos . Education is our greatest opportunity to give an irrevocable gift to the next generation-dd- Ernie Fletcher . Education is not a problem-dd- Education is an opportunity-dd- Lyndon B-dd- Johnson . Education is the best solution to fight many other issues as well-dd- Through education you can fight child labor-dd- Through education you can fight child trafficking-dd- Through education you can also fight poverty-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Education is the best economic policy there is-dd- Tony Blair . Education: that which reveals to the wise, and conceals from the stupid, the vast limits of their knowledge-dd- Mark Twain . Education is a vital human right and plays a key role in human, social, and economic development-dd- Global Partnership For Education . Education is a once in a lifetime opportunity to open children’s hearts and minds to the unbelievable wonder of the universe-dd- Sir Anthony Seldon . Getting a job is not the purpose of school-dd- Terry Heick . The great aim of education is not knowledge but action-dd- Herbert Spencer . The aim of education is the knowledge, not of facts, but of values-dd- William S-dd- Burroughs . Education’s purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one-dd- Malcolm S-dd- Forbes . Intelligence plus character – that is the goal of true education-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . The aim of education should be to teach us rather how to think, than what to think — rather to improve our minds, so as to enable us to think for ourselves, than to load the memory with thoughts of other men-dd- Bill Beattie . My idea of education is to unsettle the minds of the young and inflame their intellects-dd- Robert Maynard Hutchins . The one real object of education is to have a man in the condition of continually asking questions-dd- Mandell Creighton . Education must provide the opportunities for self-fulfillment; it can at best provide a rich and challenging environment for the individual to explore, in his own way-dd- Noam Chomsky . I think school is a place where thinking should be taught-dd- Edward de Bono . Education should light a fire within us to improve us and help our world-dd- Sarah Josepf . Education builds on itself, creating greater capacity to educate others and nurture a culture that values learning-dd- . The primary purpose of a liberal education is to make one’s mind a pleasant place in which to spend one’s leisure-dd- Sydney J-dd- Harris . If teaching has any purpose, it is to implant true insight and responsibility-dd- Education must lead us from irresponsible opinion to true responsible judgement-dd- It must lead us from chance and arbitrariness to rational clarity and intellectual order-dd- Ludwig Mies van der Rohe . An education isn’t how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know-dd- It’s being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don’t-dd- Anatole France . An education which does not cultivate the will is an education that depraves the mind-dd- Anatole France . Real education should educate us out of self into something far finer; into a selflessness which links us with all humanity-dd- Nancy Astor . Respect for the fragility and importance of an individual life is still the mark of an educated man-dd- Norman Cousins . It seems our schools need to find the self-confidence and determination to push ahead with an idea that goes back decades-dd- They need to show a bit of “character and resilience”-dd- Mark Easton . An educated person is one who has learned that information almost always turns out to be at best incomplete and very often false, misleading, fictitious, mendacious – just dead wrong-dd- Russell Baker . The object of education is to prepare the young to educate themselves throughout their lives-dd- Robert Maynard Hutchins . Education must enable one to sift and weigh evidence, to discern the true from the false, the real from the unreal, and the facts from the fiction-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . The aim of a college education is to teach you to know a good man when you see one-dd- William James . 145,000 deaths could have been prevented in 2010 if adults who did not finish high school had earned a GED or high school diploma — comparable to the mortality rates of smoking-dd- . When you teach your son, you teach your son’s son-dd- The Talmud . Through education we can get a broad mind-dd- Malala Yousafzai . On education: It also teaches us justice, it also teaches us respect, it teaches us how to live together-dd- Malala Yousafzai . There are obviously two educations-dd- One should teach us how to make a living and the other how to live-dd- James Truslow Adams . Upon the education of the people of this country the fate of this country depends-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Think about it: Every educated person is not rich, but almost every education person has a job and a way out of poverty-dd- So education is a fundamental solution to poverty-dd- Kathleen Blanco . Without education, you are not going anywhere in this world-dd- Malcolm X . You can’t legislate good will – that comes through education-dd- Malcolm X . Education provides us with knowledge about the world-dd- It paves the way for a good career-dd- It helps build character-dd- It leads to enlightenment-dd- It lays the foundation of a stronger nation-dd- Manali Oak . My experience and my life tell me that education has empowered me-dd- Had I not been educated, who would I have been to express my views-qq- Education gave me that power-dd- Ziauddin Yousafzai . Look at Malala-dd- If she had not been in school, she wouldn’t have been so powerful-dd- Her education gave her a power to raise her voice-dd- Had she been illiterate, she would not have been able to speak with a cause, with a vision, with persistence-dd- Ziauddin Yousafzai . No country can really develop unless its citizens are educated-dd- Nelson Mandela . Without an educated populace, democracy cannot sustain itself-dd- Phylicia Rashad . Without education, our world becomes far more narrow, isolated and uninformed-dd- Jennifer Brady . If someone is going down the wrong road, he doesn’t need motivation to speed him up-dd- What he needs is education to turn him around-dd- Jim Rohn . Intelligence and proper education will give you independence of spirit-dd- Charlotte Bronte . Education breeds confidence-dd- Confidence breeds hope-dd- Hope breeds peace-dd- Confucius . Modest doubt is called the beacon of the wise-dd- William Shakespeare . I never learned from a man who agreed with me-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . In youth we learn; in age we understand-dd- Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach . It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men-dd- Frederick Douglass . Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it-dd- Albert Einstein . When something dies is the greatest teaching-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning-dd- William Arthur Ward . If you have knowledge, let others light their candles at it-dd- Margaret Fuller . Without education, we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it’s going to be a butterfly-dd- Buckminster Fuller . You cannot teach a man anything, you can only help him find it within himself-dd- Galileo Galilei . Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon-dd- Alexander Pope . The man who is too old to learn was probably always too old to learn-dd- Henry S-dd- Haskins . What sculpture is to a block of marble education is to the human soul-dd- Joseph Addison . The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Ignoring isn’t the same as ignorance, you have to work at it-dd- Margaret Atwood . In the practice of tolerance, one’s enemy is the best teacher-dd- Dalai Lama . The solution of every problem is another problem-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Genius without education is like silver in the mine-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Study the past if you would divine the future-dd- Confucius . Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday-dd- John Wayne . If I don’t have wisdom, I can teach you only ignorance-dd- Leo Buscaglia . The educated do not share a common body of information, but a common state of mind-dd- Mason Cooley . A man’s mind may be likened to a garden, which may be intelligently cultivated or allowed to run wild; but whether cultivated or neglected, it must, and will, bring forth-dd- If no useful seeds are put into it, then an abundance of useless weed seeds will fall therein, and will continue to produce their kind-dd- James Allen . Sometimes the ignorant are among the most educated-dd- Suzanne Fields . Change is the end result of all true learning-dd- Leo Buscaglia . Progress just means bad things happen faster-dd- Terry Pratchett . Teaching is more than imparting knowledge; it is inspiring change-dd- William Arthur Ward . We need to be our own master and student-dd- There is no Master or Savior outside of us-dd- We need to change ourselves and learn to observe ourselves-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn and change-dd- Carl Rogers . One child, one teacher, one book, one pen can change the world-dd- Malala Yousafzai . You can’t be a change-maker by reading a book-dd- Bill Drayton . In Kenya I really saw that education can bring change, can really change our society-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Osho does not ask anyone to change in anyway whatsoever-dd- Transformation is a different matter and a different plane altogether-dd- Change requires horizontal movement-dd- Learning more and getting more experience and gaining knowledge makes one more knowledgeable-dd- Transformation requires vertical movement-dd- Unlearning and experiencing inner states and drowning into knowing leads to awareness-dd- Osho . My dream is to bring change to my country to make it a developed country where every child is getting an education-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Reformation, like education, is a journey, not a destination-dd- Mary Harris Jones . All I have learned, I learned from books-dd- Abraham Lincoln . I don’t think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday-dd- Abraham Lincoln . And by the way, our teachers are underpaid-dd- Barack Obama . You can’t let your failures define you-dd- You have to let your failures teach you-dd- Barack Obama . We have an obligation and a responsibility to be investing in our students and our schools-dd- We must make sure that people who have the grades, the desire and the will, but not the money, can still get the best education possible-dd- Barack Obama . We want to educate people, we want to listen to folks, we want to hear good ideas from all sources-dd- Barack Obama . Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time-dd- We are the ones we’ve been waiting for-dd- We are the change that we seek-dd- Barack Obama . A change is brought about because ordinary people do extraordinary things-dd- Barack Obama . If you’re walking down the right path and you’re willing to keep walking, eventually you’ll make progress-dd- Barack Obama . Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition-dd- It asks too little of yourself-dd- And it will leave you unfulfilled-dd- Barack Obama . The school is the last expenditure upon which America should be willing to economize-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . It’s what you learn after you know it all that counts-dd- Harry S Truman . In reading the lives of great men, I found that the first victory they won was over themselves… self-discipline with all of them came first-dd- Harry S-dd- Truman . Let us think of education as the means of developing our greatest abilities, because in each of us there is a private hope and dream which, fulfilled, can be translated into benefit for everyone and greater strength for our nation-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Our progress as a nation can be no swifter than our progress in education-dd- The human mind is our fundamental resource-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Liberty without learning is always in peril; learning without liberty is always in vain-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have-dd- Thomas Jefferson . The man who reads nothing at all is better educated than the man who reads nothing but newspapers-dd- Thomas Jefferson . My education was interrupted only by my schooling-dd- Winston Churchill . Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm-dd- Winston Churchill . If you’re going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston Churchill . I’m not afraid of storms, for I’m learning to sail my ship-dd- Aeschylus . The most necessary learning is that which unlearns evil-dd- Antisthenes . The investigation of the meaning of words is the beginning of education-dd- Antisthenes . The most useful piece of learning for the uses of life is to unlearn what is untrue-dd- Antisthenes . The wise learn many things from their enemies-dd- Aristophanes . The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet-dd- Aristotle . It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it-dd- Aristotle . Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all-dd- Aristotle . The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work-dd- Aristotle . Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them; for these only gave them life, those the art of living well-dd- Aristotle . The foundation of every state is the education of its youth-dd- Diogenes . Education is an ornament for the prosperous, a refuge for the unfortunate-dd- Democritus . Some wisdom you must learn from one who’s wise-dd- Euripides . Experience, travel – these are an education in themselves-dd- Euripides . Much learning does not teach understanding-dd- Heraclitus . Even a fool learns something once it hits him-dd- Homer . A learned man has always riches in himself-dd- Phaedrus . All learning has an emotional base-dd- Plato . The direction in which education starts a man will determine his future life-dd- Plato . The learning and knowledge that we have, is, at the most, but little compared with that of which we are ignorant-dd- Plato . Do not train children to learning by force and harshness, but direct them to it by what amuses their minds, so that you may be better able to discover with accuracy the peculiar bent of the genius of each-dd- Plato . Wisdom thoroughly learned, will never be forgotten-dd- Pythagoras . Educate the children and it won’t be necessary to punish the men-dd- Pythagoras . Experience is the teacher of all things-dd- Julius Caesar . It is better to create than to learn-xx- Creating is the essence of life-dd- Julius Caesar . Only the educated are free-dd- Epictetus . To accuse others for one’s own misfortunes is a sign of want of education-dd- To accuse oneself shows that one’s education has begun-dd- To accuse neither oneself nor others shows that one’s education is complete-dd- Epictetus . As long as you live, keep learning how to live-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . That is never too often repeated, which is never sufficiently learned-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . You learn to know a pilot in a storm-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Fear is not a lasting teacher of duty-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . The authority of those who teach is often an obstacle to those who want to learn-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Don’t peak in high school-dd- Lizzy Caplan . Schools are prisons for the lucky kids and prisons are schools for the unlucky kids-dd- Naval Ravikant . You should be having more fun in high school, exploring things because you want to explore them and learning because you love learning-not worrying about competition-dd- Maya Lin . Going to school is not only learning about different subjects, it teaches you communication, it teaches you how to live a life, it teaches you about history, it teaches you about how science is working-dd- Malala Yousafzai . It’s unfortunate that sometimes in schools, there’s this need to have things quantified and graded-dd- Rita Dove . In school we learn that mistakes are bad, and we are punished for making them-dd- Yet, if you look at the way humans are designed to learn, we learn by making mistakes-dd- We learn to walk by falling down-dd- If we never fell down, we would never walk-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . Things changed in the fourth grade, though-dd- One of the saints in my life is this woman named Imogene Hill, who was a fourth-grade teacher who taught this advanced class-dd- She got hip to my whole situation in about a month and kindled a passion in me for learning things-dd- I learned more that year than I think I learned in any year in school-dd- Steve Jobs . Schools and libraries are the twin cornerstones of a civilized society-dd- Nicholas Meyer . A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in the students-dd- John Ciardi . It takes most men five years to recover from a college education, and to learn that poetry is as vital to thinking as knowledge-dd- Brooks Atkinson . Standardization is the fertilizer of college education-dd- A little may be useful, but flowers do not grow in pure manure-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . A university should be a place of light, of liberty, and of learning-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . The quality of a university is measured more by the kind of student it turns out than the kind it takes in-dd- Robert J-dd- Kibbee . What we become depends on what we read after all of the professors have finished with us-dd- The greatest university of all is a collection of books-dd- Thomas Carlyle . No university in the world has ever risen to greatness without a correspondingly great library… When this is no longer true, then will our civilization have come to an end-dd- Lawrence Clark Powell . Freedom of inquiry, freedom of discussion, and freedom of teaching – without these a university cannot exist-dd- Robert Maynard Hutchins . A university’s essential character is that of being a center of free inquiry and criticism – a thing not to be sacrificed for anything else-dd- Richard Hofstadter . The university most worthy of rational admiration is that one in which your lonely thinker can feel himself lonely, most positively furthered, and most richly fed-dd- William James . One learns more from listening than speaking-dd- And both the wind and the people who continue to live close to nature still have much to tell us which we cannot hear within university walls-dd- Thor Heyerdahl . The task of a university is the creation of the future, so far as rational thought and civilized modes of appreciation can affect the issue-dd- Alfred North Whitehead . There are few earthly things more beautiful than a university a place where those who hate ignorance may strive to know, where those who perceive truth may strive to make others see-dd- John Masefield . A university is not a political party, and an education is not an indoctrination-dd- David Horowitz . Reading makes a full man; conference a ready man; and writing an exact man-dd- Francis Bacon . How many a man has dated a new era in his life from the reading of a book-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A truly good book teaches me better than to read it-dd- I must soon lay it down, and commence living on its hint-dd- What I began by reading, I must finish by acting-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A good book is an education of the heart-dd- It enlarges your sense of human possibility what human nature is of what happens in the world-dd- It’s a creator of inwardness-dd- Susan Sontag . The keys to life are running and reading-dd- When you’re running, there’s a little person that talks to you and says, ‘Oh I’m tired-dd- My lung’s about to pop-dd- I’m so hurt-dd- There’s no way I can possibly continue-dd-’ You want to quit-dd- If you learn how to defeat that person when you’re running-dd- You will how to not quit when things get hard in your life-dd- For reading: there have been gazillions of people that have lived before all of us-dd- There’s no new problem you could have: with your parents, with school, with a bully-dd- There’s no new problem that someone hasn’t already had and written about it in a book-dd- Will Smith . I started reading literature at 17 or 18, and I felt this extra beat to life-dd- Richard Ford . The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing-dd- Voltaire . Shakespeare, Dickens, Mark Twain, and so many others were my dearest friends and greatest teachers-dd- Lloyd Alexander . I’ve never known any trouble than an hour’s reading didn’t assuage-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . I’m reading more than ever-dd- I used to find it tedious, but now it’s like my little friend – it takes my mind off things-dd- Billie Piper . Reading builds the educated and informed electorate so vital to our democracy-dd- Brad Henry . I think reading is important for a variety of things-dd- I mean, first of all, it’s a way to get information and find out what’s going on in the world-dd- But also, it helps your imagination-dd- Breckin Meyer . Reading serves as a good escape when you’re in the middle of doing crazy things-dd- Carly Rae Jepsen . Reading and discovering fiction has taught me how to empathize, understand falling in love and all those complex relationships that people have to deal with-dd- Daniel Tammet . Life being very short, and the quiet hours of it few, we ought to waste none of them in reading valueless books-dd- John Ruskin . Reading and life are not separate but symbiotic-dd- And for this serious task of imaginative discovery and self-discovery, there is and remains one perfect symbol: the printed book-dd- Julian Barnes . I like reading books because we learn from books, we learn about history, we learn even about future-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep and continuing needs, is good for him-dd- Maya Angelou . Mere reading of the scriptures is not enough-dd- A person cannot understand the true significance of the scriptures if he is attached to the world-dd- Ramakrishna . Reading is a basic tool in the living of a good life-dd- Joseph Addison . Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body-dd- Joseph Addison . Properly, we should read for power-dd- Man reading should be man intensely alive-dd- The book should be a ball of light in one’s hand-dd- Ezra Pound . With one day’s reading a man may have the key in his hands-dd- Ezra Pound . It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations-dd- Winston Churchill . Sit down and read-dd- Educate yourself for the coming conflicts-dd- Mary Harris Jones . If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking-dd- Haruki Murakami . Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours-dd- John Locke . I hate books; they only teach us to talk about things we know nothing about-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Reading is more of a left-brain process, and listening to music is a right-brain function-dd- Maynard James Keenan . We cannot learn men from books-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Do not be guilty of possessing a library of learned books while lacking learning yourself-dd- Desiderius Erasmus . We shouldn’t teach great books; we should teach a love of reading-dd- B-dd- F-dd- Skinner . Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Children should learn that reading is pleasure, not just something that teachers make you do in school-dd- Beverly Cleary . Reading is equivalent to thinking with someone else’s head instead of with one’s own-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Reading, like writing, is a creative act-dd- If readers only bring a narrow range of themselves to the book, then they’ll only see their narrow range reflected in it-dd- Ben Okri . My Alma mater was books, a good library… I could spend the rest of my life reading, just satisfying my curiosity-dd- Malcolm X . What is reading, but silent conversation-dd- Charles Lamb . Writing and reading is to me synonymous with existing-dd- Gertrude Stein . The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading-dd- David Bailey . When you cease from labour, fill up your time in reading, meditation, and prayer: and while your hands are labouring, let your heart be employed, as much as possible, in divine thoughts-dd- David Brainerd . I didn’t go to school much, so I taught myself what I knew from reading-dd- Doris Lessing . If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all-dd- Oscar Wilde . Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation-dd- Walter Cronkite . Read not to contradict and confute, nor to believe and take for granted… but to weigh and consider-dd- Francis Bacon . There are worse crimes than burning books-dd- One of them is not reading them-dd- Joseph Brodsky . I spend a lot of time reading-dd- Bill Gates, Co-founder of Microsoft . The day you stop learning and creating must be the most boring day-dd- Samantha Barks . Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty-dd- Henry Ford . The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark-dd- Thomas Paine . Learning should be a joy and full of excitement-dd- It is life’s greatest adventure; it is an illustrated excursion into the minds of the noble and the learned-dd- Taylor Caldwell . The minute that you’re not learning I believe you’re dead-dd- Jack Nicholson . Learning is its own exceeding great reward-dd- William Hazlitt . Develop a passion for learning-dd- If you do, you will never cease to grow-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr-dd- . Education consists mainly of what we have unlearned-dd- Mark Twain . The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn-dd- Alvin Toffler . Perfecting oneself is as much unlearning as it is learning-dd- Edsger Dijkstra . In some sense our ability to open the future will depend not on how well we learn anymore but on how well we are able to unlearn-dd- Alan Kay . It’s not a question of learning much-dd- On the contrary-dd- It’s a question of unlearning much-dd- Osho . The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn-dd- Gloria Steinem . The most important lessons lay not in what I needed to learn, but in what I first needed to unlearn-dd- Jim Collins . Unlearning is about moving away from something — letting go — rather than acquiring-dd- It’s like stripping old paint-dd- It lays the foundation for the new layer of fresh learning to be acquired and to stick-dd- Margie Warrell . It is not hard to learn more-dd- What is hard is to unlearn when you discover yourself wrong-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . Doubt grows with knowledge-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . People who are over-educated become risk-averse-dd- Tamara Mellon . The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education-dd- Albert Einstein . If the primary purpose of school was education, the Internet should obsolete it-dd- But school is mainly about credentialing-dd- Naval Ravikant . Steve Jobs, Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg didn’t finish college-dd- Too much emphasis is placed on formal education – I told my children not to worry about their grades but to enjoy learning-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . My natural inclination to be improv rather than an educated character serves me well-dd- Gary Vaynerchuk . Men are born ignorant, not stupid-dd- They are made stupid by education-dd- Bertrand Russell . How is it that little children are so intelligent and men so stupid-qq- It must be education that does it-dd- Alexandre Dumas . All claims of education notwithstanding, the pupil will accept only that which his mind craves-dd- Emma Goldman . People will pay more to be entertained than educated-dd- Johnny Carson . One of the greatest problems of our time is that many are schooled but few are educated-dd- Thomas More . If I was educated, I’d be a damn fool-dd- Bob Marley . The aim of public education is not to spread enlightenment at all; it is simply to reduce as many individuals as possible to the same safe level, to breed a standard citizenry, to put down dissent and originality-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . An inventor is simply a fellow who doesn’t take his education too seriously-dd- Charles Kettering . It is possible to get an education at a university-dd- It has been done; not often-dd- Lincoln Steffens . I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Education is a system of imposed ignorance-dd- Noam Chomsky . The mere imparting of information is not education-dd- Carter G-dd- Woodson . School is the advertising agency which makes you believe that you need the society as it is-dd- Ivan Illich . Education is the period during which you are being instructed by somebody you do not know, about something you do not want to know-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . Far from failing in its intended task, our educational system is in fact succeeding magnificently because its aim is to keep the American people thoughtless enough to go on supporting the system-dd- Richard Mitchell . I suppose it is because nearly all children go to school nowadays and have things arranged for them that they seem so forlornly unable to produce their own ideas-dd- Agatha Christie . Thank goodness I was never sent to school; it would have rubbed off some of the originality-dd- Beatrix Potter . The home is the chief school of human virtues-dd- William Ellery Channing . Real education must ultimately be limited to men who insist on knowing-dd- The rest is mere sheep herding-dd- Ezra Pound . One of the marks of an educated man today is to know what not to read – what not to see or what not to listen to-dd- Ezra Taft Benson . Any child who can spend an hour or two a day, or more if he wants, with adults that he likes, who are interested in the world and like to talk about it, will on most days learn far more from their talk than he would learn in a week of school-dd- John Holt . Leaders are not, as we are often led to think, people who go along with huge crowds following them-dd- Leaders are people who go their own way without caring, or even looking to see, whether anyone is following them-dd- “Leadership qualities” are not the qualities that enable people to attract followers, but those that enable them to do without them-dd- They include, at the very least, courage, endurance, patience, humor, flexibility, resourcefulness, stubbornness, a keen sense of reality, and the ability to keep a cool and clear head, even when things are going badly-dd- True leaders, in short, do not make people into followers, but into other leaders-dd- John Holt . What is most important and valuable about the home as a base for children’s growth into the world is not that it is a better school than the schools, but that it isn’t a school at all-dd- John Holt . It is hard not to feel that there must be something very wrong with much of what we do in school, if we feel the need to worry so much about what many people call ‘motivation’-dd- A child has no stronger desire than to make sense of the world, to move freely in it, to do the things that he sees bigger people doing-dd- John Holt . A child educated only at school is an uneducated child-dd- George Santayana . The plain fact is that education is itself a form of propaganda – a deliberate scheme to outfit the pupil, not with the capacity to weigh ideas, but with a simple appetite for gulping ideas ready-made-dd- The aim is to make ‘good’ citizens, which is to say, docile and uninquisitive citizens-dd- H-dd-L-dd- Mencken . Far from failing in its intended task, our educational system is in fact succeeding magnificently because its aim is to keep the American people thoughtless enough to go on supporting the system-dd- Richard Mitchell . We can get too easily bogged down in the academic part of homeschooling, a relatively minor part of the whole, which is to raise competent, caring, literate, happy people-dd- Diane Flynn Keith . Once upon a time, all children were homeschooled-dd- They were not sent away from home each day to a place just for children but lived, learned, worked, and played in the real world, alongside adults and other children of all ages-dd- Rachel Gathercole . I’ve noticed a fascinating phenomenon in my thirty years of teaching: schools and schooling are increasingly irrelevant to the great enterprises of the planet-dd- No one believes anymore that scientists are trained in science classes or politicians in civics classes or poets in English classes-dd- The truth is that schools don’t really teach anything except how to obey orders-dd- This is a great mystery to me because thousands of humane, caring people work in schools as teachers and aides and administrators, but the abstract logic of the institution overwhelms their individual contributions-dd- John Taylor Gatto . The ultimate goal of the educational system is to shift to the individual the burden of pursing his own education-dd- This will not be a widely shared pursuit until we get over our odd conviction that education is what goes on in school buildings and nowhere else-dd- John W-dd- Gardner . I was delighted to see him growing more cautious and skeptical about what he heard, especially when he heard it from someone in apparent authority-dd- I think that is fundamental to a good education-dd- And if it comes back to bite me from time to time, that’s a price worth paying-dd- Martine Millman . Learning and education are a normal part of everyday life and do not need a vast expensive bureaucracy to force them to happen-dd- Kytka Hilmar-Jezek . There are as many approaches to unschooling as there are people, by design-dd- A child is supported to read when ready and interested, not on another’s timetable, for example-dd- He can and will be encouraged to pursue a wide range of interests, based on his interests, such as free play, inventing, experimenting scientifically, video gaming, role modeling through friendship, spiritual development through inquiry of self and others, athletics, learning to trust himself and others-dd- Kytka Hilmar-Jezek . You will not reap the fruit of individuality in your children if you clone their education-dd- Marilyn Howshall . The home is the first and most effective place to learn the lessons of life: truth, honor, virtue, self-control, the value of education, honest work, and the purpose and privilege of life-dd- Nothing can take the place of home in rearing and teaching children, and no other success can compensate for failure in the home-dd- David O-dd- McKay . More of family and less of school, more of parents and less of peers, more creative freedom and less formal lessons-dd- Raymond S-dd- Moore . Homeschooling will certainly produce some socially awkward adults, but the odds are good they would have been just as quirky had they spent twelve years raising their hand for permission to go to the bathroom-dd- Quinn Cummings . The status quo was rote memorization and recitation in classrooms thronged with passive children who were sternly disciplined when they expressed individual needs-dd- David Guterson . My aim in homeschooling is to give my children the ability to be an adult learner, a skill set that will last the rest of their lives-dd- Nancy Pearcey . Those who know how to think need no teachers-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is-dd- Isaac Asimov . It’s what you learn after you know it all that counts-dd- John Wooden . The secret of education lies in respecting the pupil-dd- It is not for you to choose what he shall know, what he shall do-dd- It is chosen and foreordained and he only holds the key to his own secret-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Walk into a wealthy person’s home and one of the first things you’ll see is an extensive library of books they’ve used to educate themselves on how to become more successful-dd- Steve Siebold . You have to grow from the inside out-dd- None can teach you, none can make you spiritual-dd- There is no other teacher but your own soul-dd- Swami Sivananda . Truth is not to be found outside-dd- No teacher, no scripture can give it to you-dd- It is inside you and if you wish to attain it, seek your own company-dd- Be with yourself-dd- Osho . If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer-dd- Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Self-education is the only possible education; the rest is mere veneer laid on the surface of a child’s nature-dd- Charlotte M-dd- Mason . You either write your own script or you become an actor in someone else’s-dd- John Taylor Gatto . Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune-dd- Jim Rohn . I think you’re working and learning until you die-dd- J-dd- K-dd- Rowling . All the world is a laboratory to the inquiring mind-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . I do not much believe in education-dd- Each man ought to be his own model, however frightful that may be-dd- Albert Einstein . We don’t stop going to school when we graduate-dd- Carol Burnett . No man who worships education has got the best out of education… Without a gentle contempt for education no man’s education is complete-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . The things that have been most valuable to me I did not learn in school-dd- Will Smith . The difference between school and life-qq- In school, you’re taught a lesson and then given a test-dd- In life, you’re given a test that teaches you a lesson-dd- Tom Bodett . I’ve tested life and I’ve learned what works for me-dd- Joe Namath . Get over the idea that only children should spend their time in study-dd- Be a student so long as you still have something to learn, and this will mean all your life-dd- Henry L-dd- Doherty . We now accept the fact that learning is a lifelong process of keeping abreast of change-dd- And the most pressing task is to teach people how to learn-dd- Peter Drucker . Learning is a lifetime process, but there comes a time when we must stop adding and start updating-dd- Robert Brault . The world itself is a great teacher, a constant guide and inspiration-dd- That is the reason why man is surrounded and sustained by the world-dd- Sri Sathya Sai Baba . The learning process continues until the day you die-dd- Kirk Douglas . The trick in life is learning how to deal with it-dd- Helen Mirren . Always walk through life as if you have something new to learn and you will-dd- Vernon Howard . Learn as much as you can while you are young, since life becomes too busy later-dd- Dana Stewart Scott . I’m not a prophet-dd- I’m not a teacher-dd- I have no degrees-dd- My degree is from the University of Life-dd- Jamie Lee Curtis . Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and not for the education of all adults of every age-qq- Erich Fromm . Come forth into the light of things, let nature be your teacher-dd- William Wordsworth . Talent develops in quiet places, character in the full current of human life-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public-dd- Bryan White . The supreme lesson of any education should be to think for yourself and to be yourself; absent this attainment, education creates dangerous, stupefying conformity-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . The length of your education is less important than its breadth, and the length of your life is less important than its depth-dd- Marilyn vos Savant . Learning doesn’t stop when school ends-dd- It just starts-dd- Unknown . I am learning all the time-dd- The tombstone will be my diploma-dd- Eartha Kitt . 