Without labor nothing prospers-dd- Sophocles . The ones who say you can’t are too afraid you will-dd- Nike . The world belongs to the energetic-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Do not whine… Do not complain-dd- Work harder-dd- Spend more time alone-dd- Joan Didion . Take up one idea, make that one idea your life-dd- Think of it, dream of it, live on that idea-dd- Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone-dd- This is the way to success-dd- Swami Vivekananda . It’s not about money or connections – it’s the willingness to outwork and outlearn everyone-dd- Mark Cuban . Hard work betrays none-dd- Hachiman Hikigaya . There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony-dd- There is time for work-dd- And time for love-dd- That leaves no other time-dd- Coco Chanel . What comes easy won’t last-dd- What lasts won’t come easy-dd- Unknown . Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen-dd- Conan O’Brien . Make each day your masterpiece-dd- John Wooden . Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far-dd- Gary Vaynerchuk . All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them-dd- Walt Disney . Your purpose in life is to find your purpose and give your whole heart and soul to it-dd- Buddha . Success at anything will always come down to this: Focus and effort, and we control both-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . Nothing in life that’s worth anything is easy-dd- Barack Obama . Life without endeavor is like entering a jewel mine and coming out with empty hands-dd- Japanese proverb . Be true to your work, your word, and your friend-dd- Henry David Thoreau . To achieve what 1% of the world’s population has, you must be willing to do what only 1% dares to do-dd- Manoj Arora . Hard work never killed a man-dd- Scottish proverb . No matter how hard you work, someone else is working harder-dd- Elon Musk . The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something-dd- Don’t wait for good things to happen to you-dd- If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, you will fill yourself with hope-dd- Barack Obama . Without ambition one starts nothing-dd- Without work one finishes nothing-dd- The prize will not be sent to you-dd- You have to win it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . There is no such thing as work-life balance-dd- Everything worth fighting for unbalances your life-dd- Alain de Botton . Inspiration is the windfall from hard work and focus-dd- Helen Hanson . When you live for a strong purpose, then hard work isn’t an option-dd- It’s a necessity-dd- Steve Pavlina . This is the real secret of life – to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now-dd- And instead of calling it work, realize it is play-dd- Alan Watts . The fight is won or lost far away from witnesses – behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road, long before I dance under those lights-dd- Muhammad Ali . A sign of a hard worker is one who works without complaint-dd- Sarah Price . The heights by great men reached and kept were not attained in sudden flight but, they while their companions slept, they were toiling upwards in the night-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . All good work requires self-revelation-dd- Sidney Lumet . There are no secrets to success-dd- It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure-dd- Colin Powell . What you don’t sweat out when you’re young will turn into tears when you’re old-dd- Japanese proverb . Destiny is for losers-dd- It’s just a stupid excuse to wait for things to happen instead of making them happen-dd- Blair Waldorf . Men die of boredom, psychological conflict and disease-dd- They do not die of hard work-dd- David Ogilvy . The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person’s determination-dd- Tommy Lasorda . Always make a total effort, even when the odds are against you-dd- Arnold Palmer (This is one of my favorite hard work quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up-dd- Babe Ruth . I’m a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it-dd- Thomas Jefferson . No one ever drowned in sweat-dd- U-dd-S-dd- Marine Corps . One must work and dare if one really wants to live-dd- Vincent van Gogh . To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence-dd- Mark Twain . You just have to put in 80 to 100 hour weeks every week-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla) . I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life — and that is why I succeed-dd- Michael Jordan (Basketball superstar) . The only way to do great work is to love what you do-dd- If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking, and don’t settle-dd- Steve Jobs (Apple) . Talent is cheaper than table salt-dd- What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work-dd- Stephen King . When he worked, he really worked-dd- But when he played, he really played-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . My father taught me to work; he did not teach me to love it-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle-dd- Abraham Lincoln . If you’re changing the world, you’re working on important things, you’re excited to get up in the morning-dd- Larry Page (Google) . If you work hard and meet your responsibilities, you can get ahead, no matter where you come from, what you look like or who you love-dd- Barack Obama . I never viewed myself as particularly talented-dd- Where I excel is ridiculous, sickening, work ethic-dd- You know, while the other guy’s sleeping, I’m working-dd- Will Smith . Choose a job you love and you will never have to work a day in your life-dd- Confucius . There is no substitute for hard work-dd- Thomas Edison . Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration-dd- Thomas Edison . Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work-dd- Thomas Edison . Being busy does not always mean real work-dd- The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be forethought, system, planning, intelligence, and honest purpose, as well as perspiration-dd- Seeming to do is not doing-dd- Thomas Edison . It’s not whether you get knocked down; it’s whether you get up-dd- Vince Lombardi . At dawn, when you have trouble getting out of bed, tell yourself: “I have to go to work — as a human being-dd- What do I have to complain of, if I’m going to do what I was born for — the things I was brought into the world to do-qq- Or is this what I was created for-qq- To huddle under the blankets and stay warm-qq- Marcus Aurelius . I think the thing about that was I was always willing to work; I was not the fastest or biggest player but I was determined to be the best football player I could be on the football field and I think I was able to accomplish that through hard work-dd- Jerry Rice (Football superstar) . Great things come from hard work and perseverance-dd- No excuses-dd- Kobe Bryant (Basketball superstar) . There’s no talent here, this is hard work-dd- This is an obsession-dd- Conor McGregor (MMA Champion) . Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goals: my strength lies solely in my tenacity-dd- Louis Pasteur . If you have faith when you pray, you will be given whatever you ask for-dd- Matthew 21:22, The Bible . It’s hard work making movies-dd- It’s like being a doctor: you work long hours, very hard hours, and it’s emotional, tense work-dd- If you don’t really love it, then it ain’t worth it-dd- George Lucas (Star Wars) . If people knew how hard I worked to achieve my mastery, it wouldn’t seem so wonderful after all-dd- Michelangelo . I’m a designer, and I work very hard at that-dd- People sometimes want to put down fashion by saying it’s frivolous or superficial, but it’s not that way at all-dd- It’s actually very hard work-dd- Donatella Versace . To succeed, work hard, never give up and above all, cherish a magnificent obsession-dd- Walt Disney . You’re never a loser until you quit trying-dd- Mike Ditka . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Earned-dd- Not given-dd- Nike . Be legendary-dd- Nike . Go hard or go home-dd- Nike . Start unknown-dd- Finish unforgettable-dd- Nike . The only one who can tell you ‘you can’t’ is you-dd- And you don’t have to listen-dd- Nike . Failure’s not an option-dd- It’s a step-dd- Nike . Every professional was once an amateur-dd- Nike . Write the future-dd- Nike . Never slow down for the world, one day it will catch-up with you-dd- . If no one thinks you can then you have to-dd- Nike . Victory is paid for in sweat, courage and preparation-dd- Nike . The harder you push, the more you are pulled-dd- Nike . Giving up is simply not an option-dd- Nike . Success isn’t given, it is earned-dd- On the track, on the field, in the gym-dd- With blood, sweat, and the occasional tear-dd- Nike . Think training is hard-qq- Try losing-dd- Nike . You don’t get it by wishing-dd- Nike . If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you-dd- Make it burn-dd- Nike . Work hard-dd- Dream big-dd- Nike . Dedicate yourself-dd- Nike . Believe in something-dd- Even if it means sacrificing everything-dd- Colin Kaepernick . It’s only a crazy dream until you do it-dd- Serena Williams . Just do it-dd- Nike . Wake up determined-dd- Go to bed satisfied-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . Go and get your things-dd- Dreams mean work-dd- Paulo Coelho . Work incessantly, but be not attached to it-dd- Swami Vivekananda . God sells us all things at the price of labor-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Work without love is slavery-dd- Mother Teresa . Work harder than you think you did yesterday-dd- Alex Elle . Hard work does pay off-dd- Michael Phelps . Work to me is a sacred thing-dd- Margaret Bourke-White . Dare to be honest and fear no labor-dd- Robert Burns . Nothing can beat hard work-dd- Conor McGregor . Light tomorrow with today-dd- Elizabeth Barrett Browning . I sweat in tears to get what I want-dd- Lailah Akita . Work hard in silence; let success make the noise-dd- Frank Ocean . Be thankful for what you have-dd- Work hard for what you don’t have-dd- Unknown . It hurts now but one day it will be your warm up-dd- Unknown . Look in the mirror – that’s your competition-dd- Unknown . Sore today, strong tomorrow-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Luck is great, but most of life is hard work-dd- Iain Duncan Smith . If you can’t outplay them, outwork them-dd- Ben Hogan . Start with a cry, end with a smile-dd- Michael Bassey Johnson . I put all my genius into my life; I put only my talent into my works-dd- Oscar Wilde . The first one gets the oyster the second gets the shell-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Dreams don’t work unless you do-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Action is the foundational key to all success-dd- Pablo Picasso . The question isn’t who is going to let me, it’s who is going to stop me-dd- Ayn Rand . The cynics may be the loudest voices – but I promise you, they will accomplish the least-dd- Barack Obama . Those who say it can’t be done are usually interrupted by others doing it-dd- James Baldwin . A good idea is about ten percent and implementation and hard work, and luck is 90 percent-dd- Guy Kawasaki . Study while others are sleeping; work while others are loafing; prepare while others are playing; and dream while others are wishing-dd- William A-dd- Ward . Work hard, stay positive, and get up early-dd- It’s the best part of the day-dd- George Allen Sr . When you find the right thing to do, and people to work with, invest deeply into that, and stick with it for decades-dd- Naval Ravikant . Shovel today’s challenges for your tomorrow’s freedom-dd- Aniekee Ezekiel . It does not matter where you are standing right now-dd- Sanchita Pandey . Inspiration usually comes during work rather than before it-dd- Madeleine L’Engle . I don’t like work – no man does – but I like what is in the work – the chance to find yourself-dd- Your own reality – for yourself not for others – what no other man can ever know-dd- They can only see the mere show, and never can tell what it really means-dd- Joseph Conrad . Winners embrace hard work-dd- They love the discipline of it, the trade-off they’re making to win-dd- Losers, on the other hand, see it as punishment-dd- And that’s the difference-dd- Lou Holtz . You can’t get there by bus, only by hard work and risk and by not quite knowing what you’re doing-dd- What you’ll discover will be wonderful-dd- What you’ll discover will be yourself-dd- Alan Alda . Plans are only good intentions unless they immediately degenerate into hard work-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win-dd- Roger Bannister (Ran the first sub-4-minute mile) . You may not be there yet, but you’re closer than you were yesterday-dd- Unknown . When you feel like stopping think about why you started-dd- Unknown . Stop doubting yourself, work hard, and make it happen-dd- Unknown . The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it-dd- Unknown . You have no idea what you’re capable of until you try-dd- Unknown . Baby steps are better than no steps at all-dd- Keep going-dd- You’ll get there-dd- Unknown . My success was due to good luck, hard work, and support and advice from friends and mentors-dd- But most importantly, it depended on me to keep trying after I had failed-dd- Mark Warner . I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work-dd- That is the recipe-dd- It will not always get you to the top, but should get you pretty near-dd- Margaret Thatcher . To be successful you have to be selfish, or else you never achieve-dd- And once you get to your highest level, then you have to be unselfish-dd- Stay reachable-dd- Stay in touch-dd- Don’t isolate-dd- Michael Jordan . Work while you have the light-dd- You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you-dd- Henri-Frederic Amiel . Everybody wants to be famous, but nobody wants to do the work-dd- I live by that-dd- You grind hard so you can play hard-dd- At the end of the day, you put all the work in, and eventually it’ll pay off-dd- It could be in a year, it could be in 30 years-dd- Eventually, your hard work will pay off-dd- Kevin Hart . Be prepared, work hard, and hope for a little luck-dd- Recognize that the harder you work and the better prepared you are, the more luck you might have-dd- Ed Bradley . It seems like the world is crumbling out there, but it is actually a really great time in your life to get a little crazy, follow your curiosity and be ambitious about it-dd- Larry Page . If you’re not doing some things that are crazy, then you’re doing the wrong things-dd- Larry Page . Have a healthy disregard for the impossible and actually build new solutions-dd- Larry Page . Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you’ll be able to see further-dd- Thomas Carlyle . The problem with doing nothing is not knowing when you’re finished-dd- Benjamin Franklin . I would rather risk wearing out than rusting out-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Let us work without reasoning, it is the only way to make life endurable-dd- Voltaire . Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else-dd- J-dd-M-dd- Barrie . I have yet to hear a man ask for advice on how to combine marriage and a career-dd- Gloria Steinem . You’re probably on the right track if you feel like a sidewalk worm during a rainstorm-dd- Larry Page . It doesn’t matter how great your shoes are if you don’t accomplish anything in them-dd- Martina Boone . Be like a duck, paddling and working hard in the water, but what everyone sees is a smiling, calm face-dd- Manoj Arora . Be nice to nerds-dd- You may end up working for them-dd- We all could-dd- Charles J-dd- Sykes . I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early-dd- Charles Lamb . The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people worry than work-dd- Robert Frost . The difference between try and triumph is just a little umph-xx- Marvin Phillips . Everybody wants to be famous but nobody wants to do the work-xx- Kevin Hart . Success is dependent upon the glands – sweat glands-dd- Zig Ziglar . Luck is a matter of preparation meeting opportunity-dd- Seneca . The caterpillar does all the work, but the butterfly gets all the publicity-dd- George Carlin . Be steady and well-ordered in your life so that you can be fierce and original in your work-dd- Gustave Flaubert . If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome-dd- Michael Jordan . My life will be the best illustration of all my work-dd- Hans Christian Andersen . Part 1-dd- The really efficient laborer will be found not to crowd his day with work, but will saunter to his task surrounded by a wide halo of ease and leisure-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Part 2-dd- There will be a wide margin for relaxation to his day-dd- He is only earnest to secure the kernels of time, and does not exaggerate the value of the husk-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Part 3-dd- Why should the hen set all day-qq- She can lay but one egg, and besides she will not have picked up materials for a new one-dd- Those who work much do not work hard-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Only in recent history has “working hard” signaled pride rather than shame-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday-dd- Unknown . Don’t blame others as an excuse for your not working hard enough-dd- Unknown . The humblest tasks get beautified if loving hands do them-dd- Louisa May Alcott . Character is the indelible mark that determines the only true value of all people and all their work-dd- Orison Swett Marden . A man’s work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened-dd- Albert Camus . The human race is a monotonous affair-dd- Most people spend the greatest part of their time working in order to live, and what little freedom remains so fills them with fear that they seek out any and every means to be rid of it-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . When they’re really possessed by what they do, they’d rather stop eating and sleeping than give up practicing their arts-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Never expose the sweat and labor behind your poise-dd- Robert Greene (The 48 Laws Of Power) . The sweat of hard work is not to be displayed-dd- It is much more graceful to appear favored by the gods-dd- Maxine Hong Kingston . If everything seems under control, you’re not going fast enough-dd- Mario Andretti . Hard work without talent is a shame, but talent without hard work is a tragedy-dd- Robert Half . Work isn’t meaningful just because you spend your life doing it-dd- Anthony Marra . If hard work was so wonderful, the rich would keep it all for themselves-dd- Yiddish saying . The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work-dd- Émile Zola . Hard work beats talent when talent fails to work hard-dd- Kevin Durant . The obstacle is the way-dd- Ryan Holiday . The more I want to get something done the less I call it work-dd- Richard Bach . I can accept failure-dd- Everyone fails at something-dd- But I can’t accept not trying-dd- Michael Jordan . Work as hard as you can-dd- Even though who you work with and what you work on are more important than how hard you work-dd- Naval Ravikant . So often people are working hard at the wrong thing-dd- Working on the right thing is probably more important than working hard-dd- Caterina Fake . In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you-dd- Leo Tolstoy . There’s no way around doing the work it takes to get you there-dd- Joyce Chapman . Sometimes there’s not a better way-dd- Sometimes there’s only the hard way-dd- Mary E-dd- Pearson . A man is not idle because he is absorbed in thought-dd- There is visible labor and there is invisible labor-dd- Victor Hugo . Part 1-dd- He does nothing with haste and drudgery, but as if he loved it-dd- He makes the most of his labor, and takes infinite satisfaction in every part of it-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Part 2-dd- He is not looking forward to the sale of his crops or any pecuniary profit, but he is paid by the constant satisfaction which his labor yields him-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven’t planted-dd- David Bly . To think is easy-dd- To act is hard-dd- But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there-dd- Will Rogers . People might not get all they work for in this world, but they must certainly work for all they get-dd- Frederick Douglass . Work and you’ll get what you need; work harder and you’ll get what you want-dd- Prabakaran Thirumalai . In dwelling, live close to the ground-dd- In thinking, keep to the simple-dd- In conflict, be fair and generous-dd- In governing, don’t try to control-dd- In work, do what you enjoy-dd- In family life, be completely present-dd- Lao Tzu . Never let your work drive you-dd- Master it and keep it in complete control-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . Don’t make excuses for why you can’t get it done-dd- Focus on all the reasons why you must make it happen-dd- Unknown . Blood, sweat and respect-dd- The first two you give, the last one you get-dd- Unknown . Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did-dd- Newt Gingrich . Part 1-dd- So you were born to feel “nice”-qq- Instead of doing things and experiencing them-qq- Marcus Aurelius . Part 2-dd- Don’t you see the plants, the birds, the ants and spiders and bees going about their individual tasks, putting the world in order, as best they can-qq- Marcus Aurelius . Part 3-dd- And you’re not willing to do your job as a human being-qq- Why aren’t you running to do what your nature demands-qq- Marcus Aurelius . If you accomplish something good with hard work, the labor passes quickly, but the good endures; if you do something shameful in pursuit of pleasure, the pleasure passes quickly, but the shame endures-dd- Gaius Musonius Rufus . I woult rather die of passion than of boredom-dd- Émile Zola . What we fear of doing most is usually what we most need to do-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . A year from now you may wish you had started today-dd- Karen Lamb . Passion is the genesis of genius-dd- Tony Robbins . Rest in reason-dd- Move in passion-dd- Kahlil Gibran . When you want to be successful as bad as you breathe, then you’ll be successful-dd- Eric Thomas . To give anything less than your best, is to sacrifice the gift-dd- Steve Prefontaine . Successful people begin where failures leave off-dd- Never settle for just getting the job done-dd- Excel-xx- Tom Hopkins . I know the price of success: dedication, hard work and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed-dd- Vaclav Havel . The most important thing about art is to work-dd- Nothing else matters except sitting down every day and trying-dd- Steven Pressfield (The War of Art) . Fill the day with enthusiasm-dd- Give the day all you’ve got and it will give you all it’s got, which will be plenty-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Your true success in life begins only when you make the commitment to become excellent at what you do-dd- Brian Tracy . Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion-dd- Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel . Doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment-dd- Oprah Winfrey . There is no reason to be found playing small – in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living-dd- Nelson Mandela . Success seems to be connected with action-dd- Successful people keep moving-dd- They make mistakes, but they don’t quit-dd- Conrad Hilton . I have learned that success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has had to overcome while trying to succeed-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . Success is simple-dd- Do what’s right, the right way, at the right time-dd- Arnold H-dd- Glascow . Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out-dd- Robert Collier . I think that my biggest attribute to any success that I have had is hard work-dd- There really is no substitute for working hard-dd- Maria Bartiromo . Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming-dd- John Wooden . What is success-qq- I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing; knowing that it is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose-dd- Margaret Thatcher . Successful people are not gifted; they just work hard, then succeed on purpose-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Nielson . To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish, then resolve to pay the price to get it-dd- Unknown . The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand-dd- Vince Lombardi . We live in the kind of society where, in almost all cases, hard work is rewarded-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . Always go with your passions-dd- Never ask yourself if it’s realistic or not-dd- Deepak Chopra . Don’t wish it were easier-dd- Wish you were better-dd- Jim Rohn . All happiness depends on courage and work-dd- Honoré de Balzac . Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work-dd- Aristotle . The reward for work well done is the opportunity to do more-dd- Jonas Salk . Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action-dd- William James . Satisfaction lies in the effort, not in the attainment-dd- Full effort is full victory-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . To love what you do and feel that it matters – how could anything be more fun-qq- Katharine Graham . If you do not feel yourself growing in your work and your life broadening and deepening, if your task is not a perpetual tonic to you, you have not found your place-dd- Orison Swett Marden . I work very hard, and I play very hard-dd- I’m grateful for life-dd- And I live it – I believe life loves the lover of it-dd- I live it-dd- Maya Angelou . The secret of joy in work is contained in one word – excellence-dd- To know how to do something well is to enjoy it-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . No man needs sympathy because he has to work, because he has a burden to carry-dd- Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books, music, love for one’s neighbor — such is my idea of happiness-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Part 1-dd- The best I can do is to try to encourage you to work hard at something you really want to do and have the ability to do-dd- Eugene O’Neill (Nobel Prize in Literature, 1936) . Part 2-dd- Because any fool knows that to work hard at something you want to accomplish is the only way to be happy-dd- Eugene O’Neill . Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others-dd- Jack Kornfield . Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best-dd- Theodore Rubin . The true way to render ourselves happy is to love our work and find in it our pleasure-dd- Françoise Bertaut de Motteville . Power means happiness; power means hard work and sacrifice-dd- Beyonce Knowles . The fruit of your own hard work is the sweetest-dd- Deepika Padukone . If you are lucky and work very hard, you may someday get to experience freedom from the known-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Earning happiness means doing good and working, not speculating and being lazy-dd- Laziness may look inviting, but only work gives you true satisfaction-dd- Anne Frank . I learned the value of hard work by working hard-dd- Margaret Mead . Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it-dd- George Halas . The purpose of work should be the common good-dd- Alfred Krupp . It is not work that kills men, it is worry-dd- Work is healthy; you can hardly put more on a man than he can bear-dd- But worry is rust upon the blade-dd- It is not movement that destroys the machinery, but friction-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Inner work is finding joy in work-dd- Our real work is heart work and soul work-dd- Matthew Fox . I can say the willingness to get dirty has always defined us as an nation, and it’s a hallmark of hard work and a hallmark of fun, and dirt is not the enemy-dd- Mike Rowe . I think the best way to get a good night sleep is to work hard throughout the day-dd- If you work hard and, of course, work out-dd- William H-dd- McRaven . If you invest nothing, the reward is worth little-dd- Richelle Goodrich . Hard work makes you feel good because you have accomplished something-dd- Alcurtis Tumer . Whatever you have not strive hard to achieve will not strive hard to fade-dd- Isrealmore Ayivor . Everything seems better when we have to work to get it-dd- Gertrude Warner . Hard work is a prison sentence only if it does not have meaning-dd- Malcolm Gladwell . Good things happen to those who hustle-dd- Anais Nin . The one thing that matters is the effort-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . I’d rather hustle 24/7 than slave 9 to 5-dd- Unknown . It has been my philosophy of life that difficulties vanish when faced boldly-dd- Isaac Asimov . Some succeed because they are destined to, but most succeed because they are determined to-dd- Henry Van Dyke . Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen-dd- Michael Jordan . Obstacles don’t have to stop you-dd- If you run into a wall, don’t turn around and give up-dd- Figure out how to climb it, go through it or work around it-dd- Michael Jordan . Progress will come in fits and starts-dd- It’s not always a straight line-dd- It’s not always smooth path-dd- Barack Obama . If you have an idea of what you want to do in your future, you must go at it with almost monastic obsession, be it music, the ballet or just a basic degree-dd- You have to go at it single-mindedly and let nothing get in your way-dd- Henry Rollins . Be not afraid of going slowly-dd- Be afraid only of standing still-dd- Chinese proverb . Continuous effort – not strength or intelligence – is the key to unlocking our potential-dd- Winston Churchill . Quality is never an accident-dd- It is always the result of intelligent effort-dd- John Ruskin . Perseverance is the act of true role models and heroes-dd- Liza Wiemer . I have an enormous longing after the highest and best in all shapes – a longing which haunts me and is the demon which ever impels me to work, and will let me have no rest unless I am doing his behests-dd- Thomas H-dd- Huxley . Just set one day’s work in front of the last day’s work-dd- That’s the way it comes out-dd- And that’s the only way it does-dd- John Steinbeck . With slight efforts, how can we obtain great results-qq- It is foolish even to desire it-dd- Euripides . The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die-dd- Edward Kennedy . It’s not about money or connections-dd- It’s the willingness to outwork and outlearn everyone when it comes to your business-dd- Mark Cuban . Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past-dd- Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn’t what you get for it, but what you become for it-dd- Steve Maraboli . If you care about what you do and work hard at it, there isn’t anything you can’t do if you want to-dd- Jim Henson (Sesame Street) . Education, actual learning – it is hard work-dd- It’s very personal-dd- Your parents don’t teach you anything-dd- Your teachers don’t teach you anything-dd- The government doesn’t teach you anything-dd- You read it-dd- You don’t understand it; you read it again-dd- You break a pencil and read it again-dd- Dean Kamen . Withstand the setbacks and failures, the days of drudgery, and the hard work that are always a part of any creative action-dd- Robert Greene . Today I will do what others won’t, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can’t-dd- Jerry Rice . There are no shortcuts to any place worth going-dd- Beverly Sills . Who you are tomorrow begins with what you do today-dd- Tim Fargo . If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door-dd- Milton Berle . In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity-dd- Sun Tzu . To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities-dd- Bruce Lee . Every moment wasted looking back, keeps us from moving forward-dd- Hillary Clinton . Four things come not back: The spoken word, the sped arrow, the past life, the neglected opportunity-dd- Arabian proverb . You will never change your life until you change something you do daily-dd- Mike Murdoch . Change will not come if we wait for some other person or if we wait for some time-dd- We are the ones we’ve been waiting for-dd- Barack Obama . Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle-dd- And so we must straighten our backs and work for our freedom-dd- A man can’t ride you unless your back is bent-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Luck-qq- I don’t know anything about luck-dd- I’ve never banked on it and I’m afraid of people who do-dd- Luck to me is something else: Hard work – and realizing what is opportunity and what isn’t-dd- Lucille Ball . You just don’t luck into things-dd- You build them step by step, whether it’s friendships or opportunities-dd- Barbara Bush . If you really want something, and really work hard, and take advantage of opportunities, and never give up, you will find a way-dd- Jane Goodall . Success is three parts hard work and one part serendipity-dd- Ken Poirot . If you work hard enough and assert yourself, and use your mind and imagination, you can shape the world to your desires-dd- Malcolm Gladwell . Each problem has hidden in it an opportunity so powerful that it literally dwarfs the problem-dd- The greatest success stories were created by people who recognized a problem a turned it into an opportunity-dd- Joseph Sugarman . Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity-dd- They seem more afraid of life than death-dd- James F-dd- Byrnes . Create the things you wish existed-dd- Unknown . The trouble with opportunity is that it always comes disguised as hard work-dd- Unknown . If you desire to make a difference in the world, you must be different from the world-dd- Unknown . Many an opportunity is lost because a man is out looking for four-leaf clovers-dd- Unknown . My job as a leader is to make sure everybody in the company has great opportunities, and that they feel they’re having a meaningful impact-dd- Larry Page . What is the one sentence summary of how you change the world-qq- Always work hard on something uncomfortably exciting-xx- Larry Page . Change is slow and gradual-dd- It requires hard work, a bit of luck, a fair amount of self-sacrifice, and a lot of patience-dd- Robert Greene . There are no mistakes, only opportunities-dd- Tina Fey . So many things could happen with a hard work-dd- Harry Vested Jr . Change won’t happen because everyone wishes it happens-dd- Isrealmore Ayivor . Fortune sides with him who dares-dd- Virgil . Money grows on the tree of persistence-dd- Japanese Proverb . We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give-dd- Winston Churchill . You can only become truly accomplished at something you love-dd- Don’t make money your goal-dd- Instead, pursue the things you love doing, and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off you-dd- Maya Angelou . Never work just for money or for power-dd- They won’t save your soul or help you sleep at night-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . Making money isn’t hard in itself… What’s hard is to earn it doing something worth devoting one’s life to-dd- Carlos Ruiz Zafón . The more you learn, the more you earn-dd- Frank Clark . Persist – don’t take no for an answer-dd- If you’re happy to sit at your desk and not take any risk, you’ll be sitting at your desk for the next 20 years-dd- David Rubenstein . Not he who has much is rich, but he who gives much-dd- Erich Fromm . Money is usually attracted, not pursued-dd- Jim Rohn . Do what you love and the money will follow-dd- Marsha Sinetar . We rise by lifting others-dd- Robert Ingersoll . Talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships-dd- Michael Jordan . Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success-dd- Henry Ford . If I have seen further, it is by standing on the shoulders of giants-dd- Isaac Newton . Cooperation is the thorough conviction that nobody can get there unless everybody gets there-dd- Virginia Burden . The only thing that will redeem mankind is cooperation-dd- Bertrand Russell . Teamwork begins by building trust-dd- And the only way to do that is to overcome our need for invulnerability-dd- Patrick Lencioni . Once you agree upon the price you and your family must pay for success, it enables you to ignore the minor hurts, the opponent’s pressure, and the temporary failures-dd- Vince Lombardi . We see the future not as something out of our control, but as something we can shape for the better through concerted and collective effort-dd- Barack Obama . Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success-dd- Henry Ford . The strength of the team is each individual member-dd- The strength of each member is the team-dd- Phil Jackson . The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can’t be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it-dd- Elbert Hubbard . The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison-dd- James Cash Penney . No matter how brilliant your mind or strategy, if you’re playing a solo game, you’ll always lose out to a team-dd- Reid Hoffman . When you have trouble getting out of bed in the morning, remember that your defining characteristic— what defines a human being — is to work with others-dd- Even animals know how to sleep-dd- And it’s the characteristic activity that’s the more natural one — more innate and more satisfying-dd- Marcus Aurelius . If you try and lose then it isn’t your fault-dd- But if you don’t try and we lose, then it’s all your fault-dd- Orson Scott Card . If you hire people just because they can do a job, they’ll work for your money-dd- But if you hire people who believe what you believe, they’ll work for you with blood and sweat and tears-dd- Simon Sinek . When it comes to getting things done, we need fewer architects and more bricklayers-dd- Colleen C-dd- Barrett . If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . Individually, we are one drop-dd- Together, we are an ocean-dd- Ryunosuke Satoro . Your goals, minus your doubts, equal your reality-dd- Ralph Marston . A goal properly set is halfway reached-dd- Zig Ziglar . Decide what you want, and then act as if it were impossible to fail-dd- Brian Tracy . Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible-dd- Tony Robbins . The only impossible journey is the one you never begin-dd- Tony Robbins . Whatever you do, or dream you can, begin it-dd- Boldness has genius and power and magic in it-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . The work goes on, the cause endures, the hope still lives and the dreams shall never die-dd- Edward Kennedy . The only journey is the one within-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . People with goals succeed because they know where they’re going-dd- Earl Nightingale . Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it-dd- The time will pass anyway-dd- Earl Nightingale . I learned this, at least, by my experiment: that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Work is an extension of personality-dd- It is achievement-dd- It is one of the ways in which a person measures his or her worth and humanity-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire, the size of your dream, and how you handle disappointment along the way-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . Life can be pulled by goals just as surely as it can be pushed by drives-dd- Viktor E-dd- Frankl . All who have accomplished great things have had a great aim, have fixed their gaze on a goal which was high, one which sometimes seemed impossible-dd- Orison Swett Marden . Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act-dd- There is no other route to success-dd- Pablo Picasso . It is often easier to make progress on mega-ambitious dreams-dd- Since no one else is crazy enough to do it, you have little competition-dd- Larry Page . When a really great dream shows up, grab it-xx- Larry Page . The best people want to work the big challenges-dd- Larry Page . The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step-dd- Lao Tzu . Leaders aren’t born they are made-dd- And they are made just like anything else, through hard work-dd- And that’s the price we’ll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal-dd- Vince Lombardi . The road to success is not easy to navigate, but with hard work, drive and passion, it’s possible to achieve the American dream-dd- Tommy Hilfiger . A dream doesn’t become a reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination, and hard work-dd- Colin Powell . Dream more than others think practical-dd- Expect more than others think possible-dd- Care more than others think wise-dd- Howard Schultz (Starbuck) . The world needs dreamers and the world needs doers-dd- But above all, the world needs dreamers who do-dd- Sarah Ban Breathnach . Build your own dreams or someone will hire you to build theirs-dd- Farrah Gray . I planned my success-dd- I knew it was going to happen-dd- Erykah Badu . Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there-dd- Bo Jackson . Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment-dd- Jim Rohn . If one has faith, one has everything-dd- Ramakrishna . All great achievements require time-dd- Maya Angelou . The principal part of faith is patience-dd- George MacDonald . If you lose faith, you lose all-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . When you pray as much as you work; you achieve as much as you dream-dd- Keysha Jade . When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla) . Is prayer your steering wheel or your spare tire-qq- Corrie Ten Boom . Only in the darkness can you see the stars-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Don’t be afraid of your fears-dd- They’re not there to scare you-dd- They’re there to let you know that something is worth it-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it-dd- J-dd-M-dd- Barrie . The mind is the limit-dd- As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something, you can do it, as long as you really believe 100 percent-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . Making your mark on the world is hard-dd- If it were easy, everybody would do it-dd- But it’s not-dd- It takes patience, it takes commitment and it comes with plenty of failure along the way-dd- Barack Obama . I know you’ve heard it a thousand times before-dd- But it’s true – hard work pays off-dd- If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice-dd- If you don’t love something, then don’t do it-dd- Ray Bradbury . I watched a small man with thick calluses on both hands work 15 and 16 hours a day-dd- I saw him once literally bleed from the bottoms of his feet, a man who came here uneducated, alone, unable to speak the language, who taught me all I needed to know about faith and hard work by the simple eloquence of his example-dd- Mario Cuomo . The common man prays, ‘I want a cookie right now-xx-’ And God responds, ‘If you’d listen to what I say, tomorrow it will bring you 100 cookies-dd- Criss Jami . Faith does not eliminate questions-dd- But faith knows where to take them-dd- Elisabeth Elliot . Believe in yourself, and the rest will fall into place-dd- Have faith in your own abilities, work hard, and there is nothing you cannot accomplish-dd- Brad Henry . Good things come to those who wait-dd- But better things come to those who work for it-dd- Unknown . Know this above all else, God hears and answers every one of your prayers-dd- Unknown . Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Time spent in prayer is never wasted-dd- Francis Fenelon . Fervent prayers produce phenomenal results-dd- Woodrow Kroll . Prayer should be the key of the day and the lock of the night-dd- George Herbert . It’s important to know that words don’t move mountains-dd- Work, exacting work moves mountains-dd- Danilo Dolci . We must always work, and a self-respecting artist must not fold his hands on the pretext that he is not in the mood-dd- If we wait for the mood, without endeavouring to meet it half-way, we easily become indolent and apathetic-dd- We must be patient, and believe that inspiration will come to those who can master their disinclination-dd- Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky . Success is most often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable-dd- Coco Chanel . If you don’t stand for something you will fall for anything-dd- Gordon A-dd- Eadie . Fear looks; faith jumps-dd- Smith Wigglesworth . Our future is our confidence and self-esteem-dd- Tupac . The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus-dd- Bruce Lee . The only way to build a strong work ethic is getting your hands dirty-dd- Alex Spanos . All successes begin with self-discipline-dd- It starts with you-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . I’m always perpetually out of my comfort zone-dd- Tory Burch . There is no substitute for hard work-dd- Always be humble and hungry-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement-dd- Nothing can be done without hope and confidence-dd- Helen Keller . I don’t wait for moods-dd- You accomplish nothing if you do that-dd- Your mind must know it has got to get down to work-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Determine never to be idle-dd- No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time, who never loses any-dd- It is wonderful how much may be done, if we are always doing-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Overcoming fear is the first step to success for entrepreneurs-dd- The winners all exemplify that, and the hard work and commitment they have shown underlines what is needed to set up a business-dd- Richard Branson . Don’t waste life in doubts and fears; spend yourself on the work before you, well assured that the right performance of this hour’s duties will be the best preparation for the hours and ages that will follow it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . We need to internalize this idea of excellence-dd- Not many folks spend a lot of time trying to be excellent-dd- Barack Obama . Once you have commitment, you need the discipline and hard work to get you there-dd- Haile Gebrselassie . The best work that anybody ever writes is the work that is on the verge of embarrassing him, always-dd- Arthur Miller . Talent means nothing, while experience, acquired in humility and with hard work, means everything-dd- Patrick Süskind . Learn to do common things uncommonly well; we must always keep in mind that anything that helps fill the dinner pail is valuable-dd- George Washington Carver . Your fears are a kind of prison that confines you… The less you fear, the more power you will have and the more fully you will live-dd- Robert Greene . Do not leave your reputation to chance or gossip; it is your life’s artwork, and you must craft it, hone it, and display it with the care of an artist-dd- Robert Greene . Confidence and hard work is the best medicine to kill the disease called failure-dd- Abdul Kalam . Success is a state of mind-dd- If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success-dd- Joyce Brothers . I certainly am not afraid of hard work-dd- Hard work is only hard if you are not passionate about what you are doing-dd- James Scott . I long to accomplish a great and noble tasks, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble-dd- The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker-dd- Helen Keller . A person who has not done one half his day’s work by ten o’clock, runs a chance of leaving the other half undone-dd- Emily Brontë . Many who are self-taught far excel the doctors, masters, and bachelors of the most renowned universities-dd- Ludwig Von Mises . Though you can love what you do not master, you cannot master what you do not love-dd- Mokokoma Mokhonoana . Everyone wants to ride the train but not everyone wants to lay the tracks-dd- Aj Joshi . The thickest sweats produce the sweetest life-dd- Isrealmore Ayivor . The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra-dd- Jimmy Johnson . Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished-qq- Yes; work never begun-dd- Christina Rossetti . Self-belief and hard work will always earn you success-dd- Virat Kohli . Work harder on yourself than you do on your job-dd- Jim Rohn . Remember that all is opinion-dd- Marcus Aurelius . To avoid criticism say nothing, do nothing, be nothing-dd- Elbert Hubbard . You have enemies-qq- Good-dd- That means you’ve stood up for something, sometime in your life-dd- Winston S-dd- Churchill . When someone tells me “no”, it doesn’t mean I can’t do it, it simply means I can’t do it with them-dd- Karen E-dd- Quinones Miller . I like criticism-dd- It makes you strong-dd- LeBron James . Your friends will believe in your potential, your enemies will make you live up to it-dd- Tim Fargo . I will feel no guilt on shutting my door to those who didn’t listen-dd- Stefan Molyneux . The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents-dd- Salvador Dali . You will face your greatest opposition when you are closest to your biggest miracle-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . It’s easy to attack and destroy an act of creation-dd- It’s a lot more difficult to perform one-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Any fool can criticize, complain, and condemn—and most fools do-dd- But it takes character and self-control to be understanding and forgiving-dd- Dale Carnegie . No matter how good you are, someone is always going to be against you-dd- But never let them be the limit of your success-dd- Terry Mark . The hated man is the result of his hater’s pride rather than his hater’s conscience-dd- Criss Jami . Any fool can criticize, condemn and complain and most fools do-dd- Benjamin Franklin . The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Nothing is complete and thus nothing is exempt from criticism-dd- James Luther Adams . I’ve been all over the world and I’ve never seen a statue of a critic-dd- Leonard Bernstein . The best way to counter-attack a hater is to make it blatantly obvious that their attack has had no impact on you-dd- Tim Ferriss . Fear of something is at the root of hate for others, and hate within will eventually destroy the hater-dd- George Washington Carver . Hate hurts the hater more’n the hated-dd- Madeleine L’Engle . I will permit no man to narrow and degrade my soul by making me hate him-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . I pay no attention whatever to anybody’s praise or blame-dd- I simply follow my own feelings-dd- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart . Don’t pay any attention to what they write about you-dd- Just measure it in inches-dd- Andy Warhol . Those people, who hate you, envy your freedom-dd- Santosh Kalwar . Do not seek praise-dd- Seek criticism-dd- Paul Arden . We did not come to fear the future-dd- We came here to shape it-dd- Barack Obama . 