I have so much to do that I shall spend the first three hours in prayer-dd- Martin Luther . You’ll be calm the day you learn to sit alone and do nothing-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious – the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science-dd- Albert Einstein . The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself-dd- Anais Nin . When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The next message you need is always right where you are-dd- Ram Dass . Awakening is not changing who you are, but discarding who you are not-dd- Deepak Chopra . Equanimity arises when we accept the way things are-dd- Jack Kornfield . I close my eyes in order to see-dd- Paul Gauguin . Don’t try to steer the river-dd- Deepak Chopra . The spiritual journey is the unlearning of fear and the acceptance of love-dd- Marianne Williamson . Within you there is a stillness and a sanctuary to which you can retreat at any time and be yourself-dd- Hermann Hesse . He who is filled with love is filled with God himself-dd- Saint Augustine . At any moment, you have a choice, that either leads you closer to your spirit or further away from it-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . When you connect to the silence within you, that is when you can make sense of the disturbance going on around you-dd- Stephen Richards . You have to grow from the inside out-dd- None can teach you, none can make you spiritual-dd- There is no other teacher but your own soul-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Only if we understand, will we care-dd- Only if we care, will we help-dd- Only if we help shall all be saved-dd- Jane Goodall . Fools laugh at others-dd- Wisdom laughs at itself-dd- Osho . The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it-dd- Carl Jung . When you realize there is no lacking, the whole world belongs to you-dd- Lao Tzu . God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Religion, science, and spirituality help us make sense of the world-dd- Life without at least one of them is a lonely and confusing place-dd- Naval Ravikant . It is in our wild nature that we best recover from our un-nature, our spirituality-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . A single event can awaken within us a stranger totally unknown to us-dd- To live is to be slowly born-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . This moment is all there is-dd- Rumi . The soul is placed in the body like a rough diamond and must be polished, or the luster of it will never appear-dd- Daniel Defoe . The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself-dd- Henry Miller . I choose gentleness… Nothing is won by force-dd- I choose to be gentle-dd- If I raise my voice may it be only in praise-dd- If I clench my fist, may it be only in prayer-dd- If I make a demand, may it be only of myself-dd- Max Lucado . Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself and know that everything in this life has a purpose-dd- There are no mistakes, no coincidences-dd- All events are blessings given to us to learn from-dd- Elizabeth Kübler-Ross . Realisation is not acquisition of anything new nor is it a new faculty-dd- It is only removal of all camouflage-dd- Ramana Maharshi . If a man is to live, he must be all alive, body, soul, mind, heart, spirit-dd- Thomas Merton . The spiritual life does not remove us from the world but leads us deeper into it-dd- Henri J-dd-M-dd- Nouwen . Realize deeply that the present moment is all you have-dd- Make the now the primary focus of your life-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Being at ease with not knowing is crucial for answers to come to you-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Nurture great thoughts, for you will never go higher than your thoughts-dd- Benjamin Disraeli (This is one of my favorite spiritual quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Who looks outside, dreams-dd- Who looks inside, awakens-dd- Carl Jung . The unexamined life is not worth living-dd- Socrates . Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life-dd- Ludwig van Beethoven . The Way is not in the sky; the Way is in the heart-dd- Buddha . We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves-dd- Dalai Lama . It isn’t until you come to a spiritual understanding of who you are – not necessarily a religious feeling, but deep down, the spirit within – that you can begin to take control-dd- Oprah Winfrey . You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment-dd- Fools stand on their island of opportunities and look toward another land-dd- There is no other land; there is no other life but this-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Nothing is, unless our thinking makes it so-dd- William Shakespeare . It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves-dd- William Shakespeare . It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Physical strength can never permanently withstand the impact of spiritual force-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . I believe in God, but not as one thing, not as an old man in the sky-dd- I believe that what people call God is something in all of us-dd- John Lennon . This new day is too dear, with its hopes and invitations, to waste a moment on the yesterdays-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity-dd- Voltaire . My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind-dd- Albert Einstein . The greater the doubt, the greater the awakening-dd- Albert Einstein . The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Forever is composed of nows-dd- Emily Dickinson . Wake up and live-dd- Bob Marley . Let the breath lead the way-dd- Sharon Salzberg . I am realistic – I expect miracles-dd- Wayne Dyer . Do anything, but let it produce joy-dd- Walt Whitman . The Holy Land is everywhere-dd- Black Elk (Native American) . Let the measure of time be spiritual, not mechanical-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Be guided by spirit and not driven by ego-dd- Unknown . There is nothing more important than this moment-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . It is in pardoning that we are pardoned-dd- Francis of Assisi . For it is in giving that we receive-dd- Francis of Assisi . Everything in the world was my Guru-dd- Ramana Maharshi . Quiet the mind and the soul will speak-dd- Ma Jaya Sati Bhagavati . Spiritual progress is like a detoxification-dd- Marianne Williamson . Reach for a thought that feels better-dd- Abraham Hicks . Your thoughts become things-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Your thoughts are the primary cause of everything-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Be here, now-xx- Ram Dass . When you make a choice, you change the future-dd- Deepak Chopra . God finds himself by creating-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible-dd- Deepak Chopra . When a man is willing and eager, the Gods join in-dd- Aeschylus . Arise, awake, stop not till the goal is reached-dd- Swami Vivekananda . And the time came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom-dd- Anais Nin . The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper-dd- W-dd-B-dd- Yeats . Be tolerant of those who are lost on their path-dd- Ignorance, conceit, anger, jealousy and greed stem from a lost soul-dd- Pray that they will find guidance-dd- Elder Wisdom . Be not afraid of anything-dd- You will do marvelous work-dd- It is fearlessness that brings Heaven even in a moment-dd- Swami Vivekananda . I have seen that in any great undertaking it is not enough for a man to depend simply upon himself-dd- Shooter Teton Sioux (Native American) . One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity-dd- Connect with those around you today-dd- Say, “I love you”, “I’m sorry”, “I appreciate you”, “I’m proud of you”…whatever you’re feeling-dd- Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it…cause a smile today for someone else…and give plenty of hugs-dd- Steve Maraboli . You and your purpose in life are the same thing-dd- Your purpose is to be you-dd- George Alexiou . I am convinced that the jealous, the angry, the bitter and the egotistical are the first to race to the top of mountains-dd- A confident person enjoys the journey, the people they meet along the way and sees life not as a competition-dd- They reach the summit last because they know God isn’t at the top waiting for them-dd- He is down below helping his followers to understand that the view is glorious where ever you stand-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . You must not let your life run in the ordinary way; do something that nobody else has done, something that will dazzle the world-dd- Show that God’s creative principle works in you-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . Bring into play the almighty power within you, so that on the stage of life you can fulfill your high destined role-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . The privilege of a lifetime is to become who you really are-dd- Carl Jung . If your intention is powerful, your action will be powerful-dd- If your action is powerful, your results will be powerful-dd- Unknown . The real spiritual progress of the aspirant is measured by the extent to which he achieves inner tranquility-dd- Swami Sivananda . All power is within you; you can do anything and everything-dd- Believe in that, do not believe that you are weak; do not believe that you are half-crazy lunatics, as most of us do nowadays-dd- You can do any thing and everything, without even the guidance of any one-dd- Stand up and express the divinity within you-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground-dd- Let their spirit ignite a fire within you to leave this world better than when you found it-dd- Wilferd Peterson . Inside us there is something that has no name, that something is what we are-dd- José Saramago . The resting place of the mind is the heart-dd- The only thing the mind hears all day is clanging bells and noise and argument, and all it wants is quietude-dd- The only place the mind will ever find peace is inside the silence of the heart-dd- That’s where you need to go-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . You will have to create the path by walking yourself; the path is not ready-made, lying there and waiting for you-dd- Osho . You are never alone-dd- You are eternally connected with everyone-dd- Amit Ray . You are your master-dd- Only you have the master keys to open the inner locks-dd- Amit Ray . The power within you is greater than the power within the world-dd- Rhonda Byrne . If you think you’re enlightened go spend a week with your family-dd- Ram Dass . Seize the moment-dd- Remember all those women on the ‘Titanic’ who waved off the dessert cart-dd- Erma Bombeck . Bath, n-dd- A kind of mystic ceremony substituted for religious worship, with what spiritual efficacy has not been determined-dd- Ambrose Bierce . You can’t have everything… where would you put it-qq- Steven Wright . Self-love is a good thing but self-awareness is more important-dd- You need to once in a while go “Uh, I’m kind of an asshole”-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . Walk with those seeking truth… Run from those who think they’ve found it-dd- Deepak Chopra . To be in time is to be asleep: to be awake is to be in eternity-dd- Osho . Unless you are totally destroyed as a mind, there is no hope for you-dd- Osho . Begin to see yourself as a soul with a body rather than a body with a soul-dd- Wayne Dyer . Rather than being your thoughts and emotions, be the awareness behind them-dd- Eckhart Tolle . When everything gets answered, it’s fake-dd- Sean Penn . The truth is that you already are what you are seeking-dd- Adyashanti . The truth is that the universe has been answering you all of your life, but you cannot receive the answers unless you are awake-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Knock, and He’ll open the door-dd- Vanish, And He’ll make you shine like the sun-dd- Fall, and He’ll raise you to the heavens-dd- Become nothing, and He’ll turn you into everything-dd- Rumi . We are not human beings having a spiritual experience-dd- We are spiritual beings having a human experience-dd- Pierre Teilhard de Chardin . You are never alone or helpless-dd- The force that guides the stars, guides you too-dd- Shrii Shirr Anandamurti . If we want greater clarity in our purpose or deeper and more meaningful spiritual lives, vulnerability is the path-dd- Brené Brown . When the heart speaks, the mind finds it indecent to object-dd- Milan Kundera . Religion is for people who’re afraid of going to hell-dd- Spirituality is for those who’ve already been there-dd- Vine Deloria Jr (Native American) . The meaning of life is just to be alive-dd- It is so plain and so obvious and so simple-dd- And yet, everybody rushes around in a great panic as if it were necessary to achieve something beyond themselves-dd- Alan Watts . The want of goods is easily repaired, but the poverty of the soul is irreparable-dd- Michel de Montaigne . We are at our most powerful the moment we no longer need to be powerful-dd- Eric Micha’el Leventhal . Eventually, all that one has learnt will have to be forgotten-dd- Ramana Maharshi . Let what comes come-dd- Let what goes go-dd- Find out what remains-dd- Ramana Maharshi . The game is not about becoming somebody, it’s about becoming nobody-dd- Ram Dass . Enlightenment means taking full responsibility for your life-dd- William Blake . Re-examine all you have been told-dd- Dismiss what insults your soul-dd- Walt Whitman . Wisdom says we are nothing-dd- Love says we are everything-dd- Between these two our life flows-dd- Jack Kornfield . In a conflict between the heart and the brain, follow your heart-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Anything that makes weak – physically, intellectually and spiritually, reject it as poison-dd- Swami Vivekananda . A life of reaction is a life of slavery, intellectually and spiritually-dd- One must fight for a life of action, not reaction-dd- Rita Mae Brown . Enlightenment means waking up to what you truly are and then being that-dd- Adyashanti . Help me never to judge another until I have walked a mile in his moccasins-dd- Indian prayer . It took me forty years on earth to reach this sure conclusion: there is no Heaven but clarity, no Hell except confusion-dd- Jan Struther . Your sacred space is where you can find yourself over and over again-dd- Joseph Campbell . Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance-dd- Francis of Assisi . Everything that has a beginning has an ending-dd- Make your peace with that and all will be well-dd- Jack Kornfield . There are hundreds of paths up the mountain, all leading to the same place, so it doesn’t matter which path you take-dd- The only person wasting time is the one who runs around the mountain, telling everyone that his or her path is wrong-dd- Hindu proverb . You can read books without ever stepping into a library; and practice spirituality without ever going to a temple-dd- Anthony de Mello . If you wish to know the divine, feel the wind on your face and the warm sun on your back-dd- Eido Tai Shimano Roshi . I have been and still am a seeker, but I have ceased to question stars and books; I have begun to listen to the teaching my blood whispers to me-dd- Hermann Hesse . You are awareness-dd- Awareness is another name for you-dd- Since you are awareness there is no need to attain or cultivate it-dd- Ramana Maharshi . The path of awakening is not about becoming who you are-dd- Rather it is about unbecoming who you are not-dd- Albert Schweitzer . There is something wonderfully bold and liberating about saying yes to our entire imperfect and messy life-dd- Tara Brach . Observing desire without acting on it enlarges our freedom to choose how we live-dd- Tara Brach . Do what is right at a given moment and leave it behind-dd- Ramana Maharshi . Be present in all things and thankful for all things-dd- Maya Angelou . Big-heartedness is the most essential virtue on the spiritual journey-dd- Matthew Fox . To say “I love you” one must know first how to say the “I”-dd- Ayn Rand . When I give I give myself-dd- Walt Whitman . Lord, grant that I might not so much seek to be loved as to love-dd- Francis of Assisi . When you love, love as if the person is a god, not less than that-dd- Osho . If you love a flower, don’t pick it up-dd- Because if you pick it up it dies and it ceases to be what you love-dd- So if you love a flower, let it be-dd- Love is not about possession-dd- Love is about appreciation-dd- Osho . Being love rather than giving or taking love, is the only thing that provides stability-dd- Ram Dass . Perform all work carefully, guided by compassion-dd- Ved Vyasa . If your compassion does not include yourself, it is incomplete-dd- Jack Kornfield . Much of spiritual life is self-acceptance, maybe all of it-dd- Jack Kornfield . Spiritual opening is not a withdrawal to some imagined realm or safe cave-dd- It is not a pulling away, but a touching of all the experience of life with wisdom and with a heart of kindness, without any separation-dd- Jack Kornfield . True love begins when nothing is looked for in return-dd- Antoine De Saint-Exupery . The most important time in the world is the time you make for yourself-dd- Unknown . The greatest illusion of this world is the illusion of separation-dd- Unknown . Love is what we are born with-dd- Fear is what we learn-dd- Marianne Williamson . All major religious traditions carry basically the same message, that is love, compassion and forgiveness… the important thing is they should be part of our daily lives-dd- Dalai Lama . Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting-dd- Elizabeth Bibesco . Choose being kind over being right, and you’ll be right every time-dd- Richard Carlson . When there is love in your heart, everything outside of you also becomes lovable-dd- Veeresh . It is love alone that leads to right action-dd- What brings order in the world is to love and let love do what it will-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Love gives us in a moment what we can hardly attain by effort after years of toil-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . I would rather feel compassion than know the meaning of it-dd- Thomas Aquinas . Forgive the past-dd- It is over-dd- Learn from it and let go-dd- People are constantly changing and growing-dd- Do not cling to a limited, disconnected, negative image of a person in the past-dd- See that person now-dd- Your relationship is always alive and changing-dd- Brian Weiss . Beautify your inner dialogue-dd- Beautify your inner world with love light and compassion-dd- Life will be beautiful-dd- Amit Ray . They alone live, who live for others-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Compassion is the wish for another being to be free from suffering; love is wanting them to have happiness-dd- Dalai Lama . Real generosity towards the future lies in giving all to the present-dd- Albert Camus . There is neither Past nor Future-dd- There is only the Present-dd- Ramana Maharshi . Happiness is your nature-dd- It is not wrong to desire it-dd- What is wrong is seeking it outside when it is inside-dd- Ramana Maharshi . We have only now, only this single eternal moment opening and unfolding before us, day and night-dd- Jack Kornfield . The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware; joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely aware-dd- Henry Miller . Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed-dd- Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude-dd- Denis Waitley . The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation, but rather your thoughts about the situation-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Always say yes to the present moment-dd- Surrender to what is-dd- Say ‘yes’ to life and see how life starts suddenly working for you rather than against you-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Accept – then act-dd- Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it… This will miraculously transform your whole life-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Surrender is the most difficult thing in the world while you are doing it and the easiest when it is done-dd- Bhai Sahib . It is important to expect nothing, to take every experience, including the negative ones, as merely steps on the path, and to proceed-dd- Ram Dass . The true definition of mental illness is when the majority of your time is spent in the past or future, but rarely living in the realism of now-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . It’s all a matter of paying attention, being awake in the present moment, and not expecting a huge payoff-dd- The magic in this world seems to work in whispers and small kindnesses-dd- Charles de Lint . You just understand the whole of life, not just one little part of it-dd- That is why you must read, that is why you must look at the skies, that is why you must sing, and dance, and write poems, and suffer, and understand, for all that is life-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . As long as a sense of self-importance rules your being, you will never know lasting peace-dd- Matthieu Ricard . To speak gratitude is courteous and pleasant, but to live gratitude is to touch heaven-dd- Johannes A-dd- Gaertner . Only in quiet waters things mirror themselves undistorted-dd- Only in a quiet mind is adequate perception of the world-dd- Hans Margolius . If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things-dd- Rene Descartes . If peace is our single aim in all we do, we will always know what to do because we will do whatever will protect and deepen our peace-dd- Gerald Jampolsky . It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received-dd- It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters-dd- Amit Ray . The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery-dd- There is always more mystery-dd- Anais Nin . Letting there be room for not knowing is the most important thing of all-dd- When there’s a big disappointment, we don’t know if that’s the end of the story-dd- It may just be the beginning of a great adventure-dd- Life is like that-dd- We don’t know anything-dd- Pema Chödrön . The whole of life is to spiritualize our activities by humility and faith, to silence our nature by charity-dd- Thomas Merton . I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today-dd- I can choose which it shall be-dd- Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn’t arrived yet-dd- I have just one day, today, and I’m going to be happy in it-dd- Groucho Marx . Not thinking about anything is Zen-dd- Once you know this, walking, sitting, or lying down, everything you do is Zen-dd- Bodhidharma . Ask nothing; want nothing in return-dd- Give what you have to give; it will come back to you, but do not think of that now-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Nothing kills the ego like playfulness, like laughter-dd- When you start taking life as fun, the ego has to die, it cannot exist anymore-dd- Osho . Truth is not something outside to be discovered, it is something inside to be realized-dd- Osho . Neither seek nor avoid, take what comes-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Nature always wears the colors of the spirit-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The sky is the daily bread of the imagination-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Nature is made of vibrations of Love-dd- João Mendes . I go to nature to be soothed and healed, and to have my senses put in order-dd- John Burroughs . For me, trees have always been the most penetrating preachers-dd- I revere them when they live in tribes and families, in forests and groves-dd- And even more I revere them when they stand alone-dd- They are like lonely persons-dd- Not like hermits who have stolen away out of some weakness, but like great, solitary men, like Beethoven and Nietzsche-dd- . Trees are sanctuaries-dd- Whoever knows how to speak to them, whoever knows how to listen to them, can learn the truth-dd- . The more a thing tends to be permanent, the more it tends to be lifeless-dd- Alan Watts . You see, one loves the sunset when one is so sad-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Even the sun directs our gaze away from itself and to the life illumined by it-dd- Eberhard Arnold . A fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees-dd- William Blake . Mother Nature speaks in a language understood within the peaceful mind of the sincere observer-dd- Radhanath Swami . The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition-dd- Honore De Balzac . Love the animals, love the plants, love everything-dd- If you love everything, you will perceive the divine mystery in things-dd- Once you perceive it, you will begin to comprehend it better every day-dd- And you will come at last to love the whole world with an all-embracing love-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . When one loses the deep intimate relationship with nature, then temples, mosques and churches become important-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . God writes the Gospel not in the Bible alone, but also on trees, and in the flowers and clouds and stars-dd- Martin Luther . When I admire the wonders of a sunset or the beauty of the moon, my soul expands in the worship of the creator-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The little reed, bending to the force of the wind, soon stood upright again when the storm had passed over-dd- Aesop . In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous-dd- Aristotle . If one way be better than other, that you may be sure is… Nature’s way-dd- Aristotle . Nature does nothing without purpose or uselessly-dd- Aristotle . Whatever life takes away from you, let it go-dd- Don Miguel Ruiz . Life is not separate from death-dd- It only looks that way-dd- Blackfoot (Native American) . To live in hearts we leave behind is not to die-dd- Thomas Campbell . Whatever comes, don’t push it away-dd- When it goes, do not grieve-dd- Mooji . All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle-dd- Francis of Assisi . The darker the night, the brighter the stars-dd- The deeper the grief, the closer is God-xx- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Crying is one of the highest devotional songs-dd- One who knows crying, knows spiritual practice-dd- If you can cry with a pure heart, nothing else compares to such a prayer-dd- Kripalvanandji . When something dies is the greatest teaching-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Don’t ever discount the wonder of your tears-dd- They can be healing waters and a stream of joy-dd- Sometimes they are the best words the heart can speak-dd- William Paul Young . Pain insists upon being attended to-dd- God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our consciences, but shouts in our pains-dd- It is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . There is nothing to worry about-dd- There will be tough times, nice times, good times and bad times-dd- They all come in life and go-dd- Nothing stays-dd- Sri Sri Ravi Shankar . People have a hard time letting go of their suffering-dd- Out of a fear of the unknown, they prefer suffering that is familiar-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Accepting death as a part of life serves as a spur to diligence and saves us from wasting our time on vain distractions-dd- Matthieu Ricard . The soul would have no rainbow, had the eyes no tears-dd- John Vance Cheney . A happy family is but an earlier heaven-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Through others we become ourselves-dd- Lev S-dd- Vygotsky . Sticking with your family is what makes it a family-dd- Mitch Albom . Friendship has always belonged to the core of my spiritual journey-dd- Henri Nouwen . What do we live for if not to make the world less difficult for each other-qq- George Eliot . No matter what you have done for yourself, or for humanity, if you can’t look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished-qq- Elbert Hubbard . Our capacity to make peace with another person and with the world, depends very much on our capacity to make peace with ourselves-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Family life is full of major and minor crises – the ups and downs of health, success and failure in career, marriage, and divorce – and all kinds of characters-dd- It is tied to places and events and histories-dd- With all of these felt details, life etches itself into memory and personality-dd- It’s difficult to imagine anything more nourishing to the soul-dd- Thomas Moore . People hear you on the level you speak to them from-dd- Speak from your heart, and they will hear with theirs-dd- Marianne Williamson . What you meet in another being is the projection of your own level of evolution-dd- Ram Dass . When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself-dd- Wayne Dyer . We find greater lightness and ease in our lives as we increasingly care for ourselves and other beings-dd- Sharon Salzberg . You don’t choose your family-dd- They are God’s gift to you, as you are to them-dd- Desmond Tutu . Faith, hope, love, and insight are the highest achievements of human effort-dd- Carl Jung . What oxygen is to the lungs, such is hope to the meaning of life-dd- Emil Brunner . Be patient with yourself-dd- Self-growth is tender; it’s holy ground-dd- There is no greater investment-dd-Stephen Covey . Our prayers are answered not when we are given what we ask, but when we are challenged to be what we can be-dd-Morris Adler . If you lose money you lose much, If you lose friends you lose more, If you lose faith you lose all-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Believe in your infinite potential-dd- Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . I believe, and therefore anything is possible-dd- Unknown . Our way is to practice one step at a time, one breath at a time, with no gaining idea-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness-dd- Desmond Tutu . And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it-dd- Paulo Coelho . Remember that wherever your heart is, there you will find your treasure-dd- Paulo Coelho . Spirituality is fearlessness-dd- It is a way of looking boldly at this life we have been given, here, now, on earth, as this human being-dd- Elizabeth Lesser . If you don’t behave as you believe, you will end by believing as you behave-dd- Fulton J-dd- Sheen . The greatest religion is to be true to your own nature-dd- Have faith in yourselves-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Do one thing at a time, and while doing it put your whole soul into it to the exclusion of all else-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . To me, faith means not worrying-dd- John Dewey . Be patient-dd- You’ll know when it’s time for you to wake up and move ahead-dd- Ram Dass . If you believe it will work out, you’ll see opportunities, if you believe it won’t you will see obstacles-dd- Wayne Dyer . A belief is only a thought I keep thinking-dd- Abraham Hicks . Appreciation in advance brings everything you want to you-dd- Abraham Hicks . Pray, and let God worry-dd- Martin Luther . What you are is God’s gift to you, what you become is your gift to God-dd- Hans Urs von Balthasar . Love is patient, love is kind-dd- It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud-dd- It is not rude, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs-dd- 1 Corinthians 13:4-7 . Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth-dd- It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres-dd- 1 Corinthians 13:4-7 . The great thing to remember is that though our feelings come and go God’s love for us does not-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . A thorough knowledge of the Bible is worth more than a college education-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . I prayed for twenty years but received no answer until I prayed with my legs-dd- Frederick Douglass . Whatever your heart clings to and confides in, that is really your God-dd- Martin Luther . God enters by a private door into every individual-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . And out of that hopeless attempt has come nearly all that we call human history — money, poverty, ambition, war, prostitution, classes, empires, slavery — the long terrible story of man trying to find something other than God which will make him happy-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Make your own Bible-dd- Select and collect all the words and sentences that in all your readings have been to you like the blast of a trumpet-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The moment God is figured out with nice neat lines and definitions, we are no longer dealing with God-dd- Rob Bell . If prayer is you talking to God, then intuition is God talking to you-dd- Wayne Dyer . Faith is God’s work within us-dd- Thomas Aquinas . God loves me when I sing-dd- God respects me when I work-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Suffering is part of our training program for becoming wise-dd- Ram Dass . The period of greatest gain in knowledge and experience is the most difficult period in one’s life-dd- Dalai Lama . Real generosity towards the future lies in giving all to the present-dd- Albert Camus . All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another-dd- Anatole France . Take care of your inner, spiritual beauty-dd- That will reflect in your face-dd- Dolores del Rio . Courage is fear that has said its prayers and decided to go forward anyway-dd- Joyce Meyer . It is the inner life that is to spark the change in consciousness that will permit us to advance-dd- Brother Wayne Teasdale . I thank God for my handicaps, for through them, I have found myself, my work, and my God-dd- Helen Keller (She was blind) . The measure of your maturity is how spiritual you become during the midst of your frustrations-dd- Samuel Ullman . On the spiritual path, all the dreck and misery is transformed, maybe not that same day, but still transformed into spiritual fuel or insight-dd- Anne Lamott . Character can not be developed in ease and quiet-dd- Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved-dd- Helen Keller . Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding-dd- Kahlil Gibran . We cannot change anything unless we accept it-dd- Carl Jung . When there’s nothing but humility, there’s nothing but spiritual oneness-dd- Frederick Lenz . The more you recognize the immense good within you, the more you magnetize immense good around you-dd- Alan Cohen . When you find your path, you must not be afraid-dd- You need to have sufficient courage to make mistakes-dd- Disappointment, defeat, and despair are the tools God uses to show us the way-dd- Paulo Coelho . The ultimate reason for meditating is to transform ourselves in order to be better able to transform the world-dd- Matthieu Ricard . Thoughts become things-dd- If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand-dd- Bob Proctor . We can make changes in our lives, we can live consciously rather than mechanically, we can open our hearts and we can be more fully alive-dd- Sharon Salzberg . The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance-dd- Alan Watts . A sacrifice to be real must cost, must hurt, and must empty ourselves-dd- Give yourself fully to God-dd- He will use you to accomplish great things on the condition that you believe much more in his love than in your weakness-dd- Mother Teresa . Until you have suffered much in your heart, you cannot learn humility-dd- Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica . Comfort is no test of truth-dd- Truth is often far from being comfortable-dd- Swami Vivekananda . The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new-dd- Socrates . Think the thought until you believe it, and once you believe it, it is-dd- Abraham Hicks . Your feelings are your greatest tools to help you create your life-dd- Rhonda Byrne . See the things that you want as already yours-dd- Rhonda Byrne . You are not in the universe, you are the universe-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Your own Self-Realization is the greatest service you can render the world-dd- Ramana Maharshi . You can only stop the flow of thoughts by refusing to have any interest in it-dd- Ramana Maharshi . The enquiry “Who am I-qq-” is the principal means to the removal of all misery and the attainment of the supreme bliss-dd- Ramana Maharshi . If the mind falls asleep, awaken it-dd- Then if it starts wandering, make it quiet-dd- If you reach the state where there is neither sleep nor movement of mind, stay still in that, the natural (real) state-dd- Ramana Maharshi . Meditation is not just blissing out under a mango tree-dd- It completely changes your brain and therefore changes what you are-dd- Matthieu Ricard . No one and nothing outside of you can give you salvation, or free you from the misery-dd- You have to light your own lamp-dd- You have to know the miniature universe that you yourself are-dd- Banani Ray . Insight occurs when, and to the degree that, one knows oneself-dd- Andrew Schneider . Awakening is dynamic, Constantly evolving in accordance with life’s realities-dd- Taitetsu Unno . The goal of practice is always to keep our beginner’s mind-dd- Jack Kornfield . Those who are awake live in a state of constant amazement-dd- Jack Kornfield . Enlightenment is a destructive process-dd- It has nothing to do with becoming better or being happier-dd- Enlightenment is the crumbling away of untruth-dd- It’s seeing through the facade of pretense-dd- It’s the complete eradication of everything we imagined to be true-dd- Adyashanti . As long as you are trying to become, trying to get somewhere, trying to attain something, you are quite literally moving away from the Truth itself-dd- Adyashanti . Never belong to a crowd; Never belong to a nation; Never belong to a religion; Never belong to a race-dd- Belong to the whole existence-dd- Why limit yourself to small things-qq- When the whole is available-dd- Osho . Enlightenment is ego’s ultimate disappointment-dd- Chögyam Trungpa . If, then, I were asked for the most important advice I could give, that which I considered to be the most useful to the men of our century, I should simply say: in the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you-dd- Leo Tolstoy . What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself-dd- Abraham H-dd- Maslow . It is only by grounding our awareness in the living sensation of our bodies that the ‘I Am’, our real presence, can awaken-dd- G-dd-I-dd- Gurdjieff . Awakening is not a journey of discovering a distant land or a coveted secret, but rather, it is a journey of surrendering to what has always been present but shrouded in illusion and disillusion-dd- Shavasti . You can’t have a physical transformation until you have a spiritual transformation-dd- Cory Booker . The awakening of consciousness is the next evolutionary step for mankind-dd- Eckhart Tolle . The really important kind of freedom involves attention, and awareness, and discipline, and effort, and being able truly to care about other people and to sacrifice for them, over and over, in myriad petty little unsexy ways, every day-dd- David Foster Wallace . Part of spiritual and emotional maturity is recognizing that it’s not like you’re going to try to fix yourself and become a different person-dd- You remain the same person, but you become awakened-dd- Jack Kornfield . Believe something and the Universe is on its way to being changed-dd- Because you’ve changed, by believing-dd- Once you’ve changed, other things start to follow-dd- Isn’t that the way it works-qq- Diane Duane . We are all connected; To each other, biologically-dd- To the earth, chemically-dd- To the rest of the universe atomically-dd- Neil DeGrasse Tyson . These things will destroy the human race: politics without principle, progress without compassion, wealth without work, learning without silence, religion without fearlessness, and worship without awareness-dd- Anthony de Mello . Your greatest awakening comes, when you are aware about your infinite nature-dd- Amit Ray . No great spiritual awakening has begun anywhere in the world apart from united prayer-dd- J-dd- Edwin Orr . Waking up is not a selfish pursuit of happiness, it is a revolutionary stance, from the inside out, for the benefit of all beings in existence-dd- Noah Levine . Enlightenment is nothing more than the complete absence of resistance to what is-dd- End of story-dd- Adyashanti . Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is enlightenment-dd- Lao Tzu . 