I was never less alone than when by myself-dd- Edward Gibbon . Silence is a source of great strength-dd- Lao Tzu . Everyone shines, given the right lighting-dd- Susan Cain (Website, Twitter) . The day I began to live is the day I discovered being an introvert was awesome-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I love to be alone-dd- I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Loneliness is the poverty of self; solitude is the richness of self-dd- Mary Sarton . Nothing can dim the light that shines from within-dd- Maya Angelou . I wish, as well as everybody else, to be perfectly happy; but like everybody else, it must be in my own way-dd- Jane Austen . The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude-dd- Aldous Huxley . Be a loner-dd- That gives you time to wonder, to search for the truth-dd- Have holy curiosity-dd- Make your life worth living-dd- Albert Einstein . Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something-dd- Plato . I am a minimalist-dd- I like saying the most with the least-dd- Bob Newhart . Silence is not empty-dd- It’s full of answers-dd- Unknown . Introverts are word economists in a society suffering from verbal diarrhea-dd- Michaela Chung . Don’t think of introversion as something that needs to be cured… Spend your free time the way you like, not the way you think you’re supposed to-dd- Susan Cain . One can be instructed in society, one is inspired only in solitude-dd- Gary Mark Gilmore . Telling an introvert to go to a party is like telling a saint to go to Hell-dd- Criss Jami . Alone had always felt like an actual place to me, as if it weren’t a state of being, but rather a room where I could retreat to be who I really was-dd- Cheryl Strayed . An inability to stay quiet is one of the conspicuous failings of mankind-dd- Walter Bagehot . People empty me-dd- I have to get away to refill-dd- Charles Bukowski . People inspire you, or they drain you – pick them wisely-dd- Hans F-dd- Hansen . A happy life must be to a great extent a quiet life, for it is only in an atmosphere of quiet that true joy dare live-dd- Bertrand Russell . When I was young, all I wanted and expected from life was to sit quietly in some corner doing my work without the public paying attention to me-dd- And now see what has become of me-dd- Albert Einstein . Introverts are collectors of thoughts, and solitude is where the collection is curated and rearranged to make sense of the present and future-dd- Laurie Helgoe (Website, Twitter) . Never assume quiet is weak and loud is strong-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . The most introspective of souls are often those that have been hurt the most-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Silence is only frightening to people who are compulsively verbalizing-dd- William S-dd- Boroughs . Silence is beautiful, not awkward-dd- The human tendency to be afraid of something beautiful is awkward-dd- Elliot Kay . Live your life the way you want, not the way society tells you-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Solitude matters-dd- And for some people it is the air that they breathe-dd- Susan Cain . It’s never a good idea to organize society in a way that depletes the energy of half the population-dd- We discovered this with women decades ago, and now it’s time to realize it with introverts-dd- Susan Cain . The secret to life is to put yourself in the right lighting-dd- For some it’s a Broadway spotlight, for others, a lamplit desk-dd- Susan Cain . Our culture made a virtue of living only as extroverts-dd- We discouraged the inner journey, the quest for a center-dd- So we lost our center and have to find it again-dd- Anais Nin . Extroverts sparkle, introverts glow-dd- Extroverts are fireworks, introverts are a fire in the hearth-dd- Sophia Dembling . Introverts live in two worlds: We visit the world of people, but solitude and the inner world will always be our home-dd- Jenn Granneman (The Secret Lives of Introverts: Inside Our Hidden World) . You see things-dd- You keep quiet about them-dd- And you understand-dd- Stephen Chbosky . What a lovely surprise to discover how unlonely being alone can be-dd- Ellen Burstyn (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Be nice to nerds-dd- Chances are you’ll end up working for one-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . Without great solitude no serious work is possible-dd- Pablo Picasso . The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind-dd- Albert Einstein . Why is it that nobody understands me, yet everybody likes me-qq- Albert Einstein . It is a strange thing to be so widely known, and yet to be so lonely-dd- Albert Einstein . I restore myself when I’m alone-dd- Marilyn Monroe . We need fantasy to survive because reality is too difficult-dd- Lady Gaga . I don’t want to be alone-dd- I want to be left alone-dd- Audrey Hepburn . I would rather sit on a pumpkin and have it all to myself, than be crowded on a velvet cushion-dd- Henry David Thoreau . We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers-dd- Henry David Thoreau . You’ve gotta keep control of your time, and you can’t unless you say no-dd- You can’t let people set your agenda in life-dd- Warren Buffett . Your visions will become clear only when you can look into your own heart-dd- Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . I’m an introvert… I love being by myself, love being outdoors, love taking a long walk with my dogs and looking at the trees, flowers, the sky-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Quiet people have the loudest minds-dd- Stephen Hawking . Nowhere can man find a quieter or more untroubled retreat than in his own soul-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt-dd- Abraham Lincoln . To thine own self be true-dd- William Shakespeare . Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The more you talk, the less people listen-dd- Meg White . Take time to be quiet-dd- Zig Ziglar . Listen more than you talk-dd- Be awesome-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Shhh-dd- Unknown . If you can’t be kind, be quiet-dd- Unknown . I came, I saw, I left early-dd- Unknown . Kindly remove yourself from my personal space-dd- Thanks-dd- Gemma Correll . Think and wonder, wonder and think-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . I kinda live where I find myself-dd- Bob Dylan . The limited circle is pure-dd- Franz Kafka . I think a lot, but I don’t say much-dd- Anne Frank . Never be afraid to sit awhile and think-dd- Lorraine Hansberry . Loneliness is failed solitude-dd- Sherry Turkle . Solitude has its own very strange beauty to it-dd- Liv Tyler . I owe everything that I have done to the fact that I am very much at ease being alone-dd- Marilynne Robinson . Be strong, be who you are and fight for your identity, fight for who you really are-dd- Unknown . The one who follows the crowd will usually go no further than the crowd-dd- Those who walk alone are likely to find themselves in places no one has ever been before-dd- Francis Phillip Wernig . Introverts need to trust their gut and share their ideas as powerfully as they can-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts, the world needs you and it needs the things you carry-dd- So I wish you the best of all possible journeys and the courage to speak softly-dd- Susan Cain . Our culture is biased against quiet and reserved people, but introverts are responsible for some of humanity’s greatest achievements-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts are offered keys to private gardens full of riches (YouTube video)-dd- To possess such a key is to tumble like Alice down her rabbit hole-dd- She didn’t choose to go to Wonderland – but she made of it an adventure that was fresh and fantastic and very much her own-dd- Susan Cain . Isn’t it refreshing to know that what comes perfectly natural for you is your greatest strength-qq- Your power is in your nature-dd- You may not think it’s a big deal that you can spend hours immersed in something that interests you — alone — but the extrovert next door has no idea how you do it-dd- Laurie Helgoe . Being weird, independent and loving solitude are not limitations-dd- They are my superpowers-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Your solitude will be a support and a home for you, even in the midst of very unfamiliar circumstances, and from it you will find all your paths-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . When you’re an introvert like me and you’ve been lonely for a while, and then you find someone who understands you, you become really attached to them-dd- It’s a real release-dd- Lana Del Rey . Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway-dd- You’ll be damned if you do, and damned if you don’t-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Yes, I guess you could say I am a loner, but I feel more lonely in a crowded room with boring people that I feel on my own-dd- Henry Rollins . When I am alone I can become invisible-dd- I can sit on the top of a dune as motionless as an uprise of weeds, until the foxes run by unconcerned-dd- I can hear the almost unhearable sound of the roses singing-dd- Mary Oliver . You do not need to leave your room-dd- Remain sitting at your table and listen-dd- Do not even listen, simply wait, be quiet, still and solitary-dd- The world will freely offer itself to you to be unmasked, it has no choice, it will roll in ecstasy at your feet-dd- Franz Kafka . Lighthouses don’t go running all over an island looking for boats to save; they just stand there shining-dd- Anne Lamott . You must never be fearful about what you are doing when it is right-dd- Rosa Parks . A little hibernation is good for the mind-dd- Michaela Chung (Website, Twitter) . Since when is solitude one of the Seven Deadly Sins-qq- Susan Cain . Introvert conversations are like jazz-dd- Each player gets to solo for a nice stretch before the other player comes in and does his solo-dd- Laurie Helgoe . In terms of like, instant relief, canceling plans is like heroin-dd- John Mulaney . Whew, that was close-dd- I almost had to socialize-dd- Unknown . Please kindly go away – I’m introverting-dd- Unknown . A bore is someone who deprives you of solitude without providing you with company-dd- Oscar Wilde . Never fail to know that if you are doing all the talking you are boring somebody-dd- Helen Gurley Brown . A wise man once said nothing-dd- Proverb . The happiest of all lives is a busy solitude-dd- Voltaire . If I didn’t think, I’d be much happier-dd- Sylvia Plath . You define beauty for yourself, society doesn’t define your beauty-dd- Lady Gaga . So, if you are too tired to speak, sit next to me, because I, too, am fluent in silence-dd- R-dd- Arnold . Hell is other people-dd- Jean-Paul Sartre (Whew, that’s a hard one) . I don’t hate people, I just feel better when they aren’t around-dd- Charles Bukowski (Another hard one) . As a child I suppose I was not quite normal-dd- My happiest times were when I was left alone in the house on a Saturday-dd- Charles Bukowski . Everybody has a secret world inside of them-dd- I mean everybody-dd- All of the people in the whole world, I mean everybody — no matter how dull and boring they are on the outside-dd- Inside them they’ve all got unimaginable, magnificent, wonderful, stupid, amazing worlds… Not just one world-dd- Hundreds of them-dd- Thousands, maybe-dd- Neil Gaiman . I am alone in the world, and yet not alone enough to make every hour holy-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . I owe my solitude to other people-dd- Alan Watts . Much of the answers already exist internally but the world is seeking them externally-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you are afraid of being lonely, don’t try to be right-dd- Jules Renard . Part 1-dd- Now that you’re an adult, you might still feel a pang of guilt when you decline a dinner invitation in favor of a good book-dd- . Part 2-dd- Or maybe you like to eat alone in restaurants and could do without the pitying looks from fellow diners-dd- . Part 3-dd- Or you’re told that you’re “in your head too much”, a phrase that’s often deployed against the quiet and cerebral-dd- . Part 4-dd- Or maybe there’s another word for such people: thinkers-dd- Susan Cain . The greatest art is to sit, wait and let it come-dd- Yogi Bhajan . If you meet a loner, no matter what they tell you, it’s not because they enjoy solitude-dd- It’s because they have tried to blend into the world before, and people continue to disappoint them-dd- Jodi Picoult . Understand that half the game is keeping quiet, and carefully watching those around you-dd- Robert Greene . The loner who looks fabulous is one of the most vulnerable loners of all-dd- Anneli Rufus . In order to understand the world, one has to turn away from it on occasion-dd- Albert Camus . He who knows does not speak-dd- He who speaks does not know-dd- Lao Tzu . I prefer tongue-tied knowledge to ignorant loquacity-dd- Margaret Donnano . As an introvert, you crave intimate moments and deep connections – and those usually aren’t found in a crowd-dd- Jenn Granneman (The Secret Lives Of Introverts) . All sorrow has its root in man’s inability to sit quiet in a room by himself-dd- Blaise Pascal . Learn to value direction over speed, quality over quantity, truth over lies and you’ll find your path-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Confident introverts don’t avoid social situations-dd- They just make wise choices-dd- Unknown . Wise men, when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet, give themselves the benefit of the doubt, and remain silent-dd- Napoleon Hill . We have two ears and one mouth and we should use them proportionally-dd- Susan Cain . Some animals naturally carry shelter wherever they go, and some humans are just the same-dd- Susan Cain . If you don’t know me, don’t judge me-dd- Tupac Shakur . Beware of those who seek constant crowds; they are nothing alone-dd- Charles Bukowski . Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom-dd- Aristotle . Be you-dd- The world will adjust-dd- Unknown . I’m not anti-social-dd- I’m pro-solitude-dd- Unknown . Being silent is fine-dd- Accept that and shine your own way-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I have an introvert hangover-dd- I’m totally exhausted, from too much human interaction-dd- Unknown . If you’re an introvert, you know the relief when plans are cancelled-dd- Unknown . I want someone I can share my entire life with who will leave me alone most of the time-dd- Unknown . Being quiet is fine, most people don’t listen anyways-dd- Unknown . I’m a very simple person who hides thousands of feelings behind a smile-dd- Unknown . I do not mean I have nothing planned-dd- I mean that I plan to do nothing-dd- Unknown . I am not boring or shy-dd- I am an introvert, an artist, a lover, a dreamer, a fighter, a seeker-dd- Unknown . Sometimes those who don’t socialize much aren’t actually antisocial, they just have no tolerance for drama and fake people-dd- Unknown . When you ask me what I am doing today, and I say “nothing”, it does not mean I am free-dd- It means I am doing nothing-dd- Unknown . And all of a sudden I felt really tired-dd- Like the world had drained me for everything that I had-dd- Unknown . The only thing I bring to social gathering is excuses to leave early-dd- Unknown . I like cancelled plans-dd- And empty bookstores-dd- I like rainy days and thunderstorms-dd- And quiet coffee shops-dd- I like messy beds and over-worn pajamas-dd- Most of all, I like the small joys that a simple life brings-dd- Unknown . Just because I’m not talking doesn’t mean I’m in a bad mood-dd- Unknown . The mind of an introvert is truly complex-dd- We want solitude yet the feeling of loneliness cripples-dd- Unknown . Do you ever go out, and while you’re out, you think, “this is exactly why I don,t go out”-qq- Unknown . Remember: it’s okay to be happy with a calm life-dd- Unknown . Having a soft heart in a cruel world is courage not weakness-dd- Unknown . Silence calms my soul-dd- Unknown . You cannot be lonely if you like the person you’re alone with-dd- Wayne Dyer . Solitude is fine but you need someone to tell that solitude is fine-dd- Honoré de Balzac . For introverts, to be alone with our thoughts is as restorative as sleeping, as nourishing as eating-dd- Jonathan Rauch . Alone you’ll thrive-dd- Alone you’ll feel alive-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Loneliness adds beauty to life-dd- It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better-dd- Henry Rollins . Our language has wisely sensed the two sides of being alone-dd- It has created the word “loneliness” to express the pain of being alone-dd- And it has created the word “solitude” to express the glory of being alone-dd- Paul Tillich . Blessed are those who do not fear solitude, who are not afraid of their own company, who are not always desperately looking for something to do, something to amuse themselves with, something to judge-dd- Paulo Coelho . You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Inside myself is a place where I live all alone, and that’s where I renew my springs that never dry up-dd- Pearl Buck . An introvert’s desire for solitude is more than just a preference-dd- It is crucial to our health and happiness-dd- Michaela Chung (The Irresistible Introvert) . As long as we have our books, our imagination, and a wide slice of solitude, we’re content-dd- Michaela Chung . Stay home on New Year’s Eve if that’s what makes you happy-dd- Susan Cain . Solitude is the great teacher, and to learn its lessons you must pay attention to it-dd- Deepak Chopra . I’m learning a lot about myself being alone, and doing what I’m doing-dd- Chantal Kreviazuk . I have to be alone very often-dd- I’d be quite happy if I spent from Saturday night until Monday morning alone in my apartment-dd- That’s how I refuel-dd- Audrey Hepburn . There is a tremendous difference between alone and lonely-dd- You could be lonely in a group of people-dd- I like being alone-dd- I like eating by myself-dd- I go home at night and just watch a movie or hang out with my dog-dd- I have to exert myself and really say, oh God, I’ve got to see my friends because I’m too content by myself-dd- Drew Barrymore . People are always so boring when they band together-dd- You have to be alone to develop all the idiosyncrasies that make a person interesting-dd- Andy Warhol . What a commentary on our civilization, when being alone is considered suspect; when one has to apologize for it, make excuses, hide the fact that one practices it like a secret vice-xx- Anne Morrow Lindbergh . By all means use sometimes to be alone-dd- Salute thyself; see what thy soul doth wear-dd- George Herbert . Maybe this is who I really am-dd- Not a loner, exactly-dd- But someone who can be alone-dd- Gary Shteyngart . Be quiet, so that life may speak-dd- Leo Babauta . I was quiet but I was not blind-dd- Jane Austen . Your mind just needs a diet of calm and quiet-dd- Maxime Lagacé . There is real comfort in being quiet-dd- Justina Chen . We’ve known about the transcendent power of solitude for centuries; it’s only recently that we’ve forgotten it-dd- Susan Cain . When an introvert is quiet, don’t assume he is depressed, snobbish or socially deficient-dd- Laurie Helgoe . For quiet, sensitive souls, solitude is the golden thread that unites us with our inner world… We need quiet to connect the dots in our constellations of thoughts-dd- Michaela Chung . How much better is silence; the coffee cup, the table-dd- How much better to sit by myself like the solitary sea-bird that opens its wings on the stake-dd- Let me sit here forever with bare things, this coffee cup, this knife, this fork, things in themselves, myself being myself-dd- Virginia Wolf . All sorrow has its root in man’s inability to sit quiet in a room by himself-dd- Blaise Pascal . You only know part of me-dd- I am a universe full of secrets-dd- Lupytha Hermin . It is indeed a radical act of love just to sit down and be quiet for a time by yourself-dd- Jon Kabat Zinn . If you don’t understand my silence, how will you understand my words-qq- Unknown . Talk much and they think you’re a fool-dd- Be silent and they become curious-dd- Unknown . Just because I am not talking doesn’t mean I’m in a bad mood-dd- Sometimes, I just like being quiet-dd- Unknown . Quiet the mind and the soul will speak-dd- Ma Java Sati Bhagavati . You are surprised, aren’t you, at the contrast between my fame throughout the world… and the isolation and quiet in which I live here-dd- I wished for this isolation all my life, and now I have finally achieved it here in Princeton-dd- Albert Einstein . Sometimes quiet people really do have a lot to say – they’re just being careful about who they open up to-dd- Susan Gale . Sometimes I just shut down and don’t talk to anyone for days-dd- It’s nothing personal-dd- Sonya Teclai . We can’t underestimate the value of silence-dd- We need to create ourselves, need to spend time alone-dd- If you don’t, you risk not knowing yourself and not realizing your dreams-dd- Jewel . Silence: my response to both emptiness and saturation-dd- But silence frightens people-dd- I had to learn how to talk-dd- Out of politeness-dd- Ariel Gore . I’ll be honest with you, I’m a little bit of a loner-dd- It’s been a big part of my maturing process to learn to allow people to support me-dd- I tend to be very self-reliant and private-dd- And I have this history of wanting to work things out on my own and protect people from what’s going on with me-dd- Kerry Washington . I am rarely bored alone-dd- I am often bored in groups and crowds-dd- Laurie Helgoe . You may think I’m small, but I have a universe inside my mind-dd- Yoko Ono . My imagination functions much better when I don’t have to speak to people-dd- Patricia Highsmith . Introverts process information internally, and we don’t like to express our thoughts until they are fully formed-dd- Laurie Helgoe . What we share as introverts is the love of ideas and the desire to explore them with minimal interruption-dd- We want and need input, but we’d rather get it through reading, research, and rich conversation than through unfiltered talk-dd- Laurie A-dd- Helgoe . If personal space is vital to creativity, so is freedom from “peer pressure”-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts often work more slowly and deliberately-dd- They like to focus on one task at a time and can have mighty powers of concentration-dd- They’re relatively immune to the lures of wealth and fame-dd- Susan Cain . Stay true to your own nature-dd- If you like to do things in a slow and steady way, don’t let others make you feel as if you have to race-dd- If you enjoy depth, don’t force yourself to seek breadth-dd- Susan Cain . I really had a lot of dreams when I was a kid, and I think a great deal of that grew out of the fact that I had a chance to read a lot-dd- Bill Gates . Closed in a room, my imagination becomes the universe, and the rest of the world is missing out-dd- Criss Jami . To create something new, you need a vision-dd- To have a vision, you need to think-dd- To think, you need solitude-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Part 1-dd- When you’re socially awkward, you’re isolated more than usual, and when you’re isolated more than usual, your creativity is less compromised by what has already been said and done-dd- All your hope in life starts to depend on your craft, so you try to perfect it-dd- Criss Jami . Part 2-dd- One reason I stay isolated more than the average person is to keep my creativity as fierce as possible-dd- Being the odd one out may have its temporary disadvantages, but more importantly, it has its permanent advantages-dd- Criss Jami . I don’t believe anything really revolutionary has ever been invented by committee… I’m going to give you some advice that might be hard to take-dd- That advice is: Work alone… Not on a committee-dd- Not on a team-dd- Steve Wozniak (Apple) . In order to be open to creativity, one must have the capacity for constructive use of solitude-dd- One must overcome the fear of being alone-dd- Rollo May . Originality thrives in seclusion free of outside influences beating upon us to cripple the creative mind-dd- Be alone — that is the secret of invention: be alone, that is when ideas are born-dd- Nikola Tesla . Use your natural powers – of persistence, concentration, and insight – to do work you love and work that matters-dd- Solve problems-dd- make art, think deeply-dd- Susan Cain . Being relatively unmoved by rewards gives you the incalculable power to go your own way-dd- It’s up to you to use that independence to good effect-dd- Susan Cain . Your biggest challenge may be to fully harness your strengths-dd- You may be so busy trying to appear like a zestful, reward-sensitive extrovert that you undervalue your own talents, or feel underestimated by those around you-dd- But when you’re focused on a project that you care about, you probably find that your energy is boundless-dd- Susan Cain . Figure out what you are meant to contribute to the world and make sure you contribute it-dd- If this requires public speaking or networking or other activities that make you uncomfortable, do them anyway-dd- Susan Cain . We don’t need giant personalities to transform companies-dd- We need leaders who build not their own egos but the institutions they run-dd- Susan Cain . Solitude is a catalyst for innovation-dd- Susan Cain . I think I’m a weird combination of deeply introverted and very daring-dd- I can feel both those things working-dd- Helen Hunt . There is something more important than logic: imagination-dd- Alfred Hitchcock . I want to be alone… with someone else who wants to be alone-dd- Dimitri Zaik . Love is essential, gregariousness is optional-dd- Susan Cain . True happiness is impossible without solitude-dd- Anton Chekhov . My alone feels so good, I’ll only have you if you’re sweeter than my solitude-dd- Warsan Shire . The only thing I’m asking in a relationship is freedom-dd- Freedom to be me and freedom to be alone when I need it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The highest form of love is to be the protector of another person’s solitude-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . I’m very picky with whom I give my energy to-dd- I prefer to reserve my time, intensity and spirit exclusively to those who reflect sincerity-dd- Dau Voire . Introverts treasure the close relationships they have stretched so much to make-dd- Adam S-dd- McHugh . An accusing heart couldn’t see her own sins-dd- Toba Beta . Friendship with ones self is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . She was an adventurer at heart; but oh how she loved drinking this tea from this mug in this chair-dd- Oh how she loved to be home-dd- Unknown . Sometimes its better to be alone, no one can hurt you that way-dd- Tinku Razoria . There are times when I need nothing but the sweetness of my solitude-dd- But please know, that like the ocean promises the shore, I will never leave without coming back to you-dd- D-dd- Antoinette Foy . Living is like tearing through a museum-dd- Not until later do you really start absorbing what you saw, thinking about it, looking it up in a book, and remembering – because you can’t take it in all at once-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love-dd- Rumi . The voice of the intellect is a soft one, but it does not rest until it has gained a hearning-dd- Sigmund Freud . There’s nothing wrong with being afraid-dd- It’s not the absence of fear; it’s overcoming it-dd- Sometimes you’ve got to blast through and have faith-dd- Emma Watson . Introverts don’t see life as one big cocktail party-dd- We’re content with just a few meaningful relationships-dd- Jenn Granneman . At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want-dd- Lao Tzu . Because I rant not, neither rave of what I feel, can you be so shallow as to dream that I feel nothing-qq- R-dd-D-dd- Blackmore . When a quiet introvert talks, heads turn, and that’s power-dd- Laurie Helgoe . Introverts paradoxically pull away from culture and create culture-dd- Laurie Helgoe . I think there are non-obvious ways to lead… Leadership does not need to be a dramatic, fist in the air and trumpets blaring, activity-dd- Scott Berkun . Justice and I became friends, though we were opposites in many ways – he was extroverted, I was introverted; he was lighthearted, I was serious-dd- Nelson Mandela . The less I talk, the more my words have impact, the more people listen-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Introverts think carefully before they speak-dd- We can be excellent public speakers because we prepare carefully-dd- Sophia Dembling . I think introverts can do quite well-dd- If you’re clever you can learn to get the benefits of being an introvert, which may be, say, being willing to go off for a few days and think about a tough problem, read everything you can, push yourself very hard to think out on the edge of that area-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . I also believe that introversion is my greatest strength-dd- I have such a strong inner life that I’m never bored and only occasionally lonely-dd- No matter what mayhem is happening around me, I know I can always turn inward-dd- Susan Cain . There’s zero correlation between being the best talker and having the best ideas-dd- Susan Cain . The trick for introverts is to honor their styles instead of allowing themselves to be swept up by prevailing norms-dd- Susan Cain . The same person who would never raise his hand in a lecture hall of two hundred people might blog to two thousand, or two million, without thinking twice-dd- Susan Cain . Eleanor Roosevelt, Rosa Parks, Gandhi — all these peopled described themselves as quiet and soft-spoken and even shy-dd- And they all took the spotlight, even though every bone in their bodies was telling them not to-dd- Susan Cain . Keep exploring-dd- Keep dreaming-dd- Keep asking why-dd- Don’t settle for what you already know-dd- Never stop believing in the power of your ideas, your imagination, your hard work to change the world-dd- Barack Obama . Your voice can change the world-dd- Barack Obama . Hail to the man who went through life always helping others, knowing no fear, and to whom aggressiveness and resentment are alien-dd- Such is the stuff of which the great moral leaders are made-dd- Albert Einstein . Man can find meaning in life, short and perilous as it is, only through devoting himself to society-dd- Albert Einstein . Thankfully, perseverance is a good substitute for talent-dd- Steve Martin . Life isn’t about just talking, it’s about thinking too-dd- Marie Symeou . The extroverted world we live in will crush the introverted who blindly try to fit in-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I’m continually amazed by how many people who appear to be extroverts are actually introverts-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts like people they meet in friendly contexts; extroverts prefer those they compete with-dd- Susan Cain . Extroversion is an enormously appealing personality style, but we’ve turned it into an oppressive standard to which most of us feel we must conform-dd- Susan Cain . Most people who have grown up introverted in this very extroverted culture of ours have had painful experiences of feeling like they are out of step with what’s expected of them-dd- Susan Cain . Extroverts are more likely to take a quick-and-dirty approach to problem-solving, trading accuracy for speed, making increasing numbers of mistakes as they go, and abandoning ship altogether when the problem seems too difficult or frustrating-dd- Introverts think before they act, digest information thoroughly, stay on task longer, give up less easily, and work more accurately-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts living under the extroversion Ideal are like women in a man’s world, discounted because of a trait that goes to the core of who they are-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts, in contrast, may have strong social skills and enjoy parties and business meetings, but after a while wish they were home in their pajamas-dd- They prefer to devote their social energies to close friends, colleagues, and family-dd- Susan Cain . While extroverts are verbal processors, who speak as they think, introverts need to think before we speak-dd- This leads to a slower, more thoughtful communication style that involves fewer words, and longer pauses-dd- Michaela Chung . Part 1-dd- Man is, at one and the same time, a solitary being and a social being-dd- As a solitary being, he attemps to protect his own existence and that of those who are closest to him, to satisfy his personal desires, and to develop his innate abilities-dd- Albert Einstein . Part 2-dd- As a social being, he seeks to gain the recognition and affection of his fellow human beings, to share in their pleasures, to comfort them in their sorrows, and to improve their conditions of life-dd- Albert Einstein . Often confused with shyness, introversion does not imply social reticence or discomfort-dd- Rather than being averse to social engagement, introverts become overwhelmed by too much of it, which explains why the introvert is ready to leave a party after an hour and the extravert gains steam as the night goes on-dd- Laurie Helgoe . Introverts are dependent on their own inside noise, extroverts are dependent of outside noise-dd- The outputs are dependent on quality of those noise-dd- Amit K Ghosh . They say that extroverts are unhappier than introverts and have to compensate for this by constantly proving to themselves how happy and contented and at ease with life they are-dd- Paulo Coelho . I’m self-sufficient-dd- I spend a lot of time on my own and I shut off quite easily-dd- When I communicate, I communicate 900 per cent; then I shut off, which scares people sometimes-dd- Bjork . The world introvert has negative connotations that need to be destroyed-dd- Introverts are simply misunderstood because the majority of the population consists of extroverts-dd- Unknown . Envy is one attribute of extrovert population-dd- Introverts are too busy with their inner reflections-dd- Unknown . I love mankind… it’s people I can’t stand-xx--xx- Charles M-dd- Schulz (Charlie Brown) . Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal-dd- Albert Camus . I enjoyed the discipline and solitariness of long-distance running, which allowed me to escape from the hurly-burly of school life-dd- Nelson Mandela . Taking toilet breaks is not antisocial, it’s a lifesaver-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Nothing so much prevents our being natural as the desire to seem so-dd- François VI de la Rochefoucault . The only thing that could spoil a day was people-dd- People were always the limiters of happiness except for the very few that were as good as spring itself-dd- Ernest Hemingway . With the exception of family we don’t choose, endeavor to spend time only with those who imbue you with energy vs-dd- zap you of it-dd- Geoff Lewis . After an hour or two of being socially on, we introverts need to turn off and recharge-dd- This isn’t antisocial-dd- It isn’t a sign of depression-dd- Jonathan Rauch . When someone speaks to an introvert, her brain responds with a high level of activity-dd- It is as if several lights start flashing on a control panel-dd- Laurie Helgoe . Introverts don’t get lonely if they don’t socialize with a lot of people, but we do get lonely if we don’t have intimate interactions on a regular basis-dd- Sophia Dembling . Companionship is a foreign concept to some people-dd- They fear it as much as the majority of people fear loneliness-dd- Criss Jami . I was just confused about why I was feeling overwhelmed all the time and trying to adjust to having people work for me-dd- Felicia Day . A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work-dd- John Lubbock . If the conversation doesn’t interest us, we often go quiet and wander the wonderland that is our imagination-dd- We find endless entertainment in our ideas and fantasies-dd- Michaela Chung . Often we come home from a sharing session with a feeling that something precious has been taken away from us or that holy ground has been trodden upon-dd- Henri J-dd-M-dd- Nouwen . Some introverts are perfectly comfortable with public speaking; I’m not one of them-dd- Susan Cain . There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them-dd- Andre Gide . Fear is the highest fence-dd- Dudley Nichols . The trick with introverts is for them to honor their styles instead of allowing themselves to be swept up by prevailing norms-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts feel “just right” with less stimulation, as when they sip wine with a friend, solve a crossword puzzle, or read a book-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts crave meaning so party chit-chat feels like sandpaper to our psyche-dd- Diane Cameron . Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy-dd- Leo Buscaglia . All this talking, this rather liquid confessing, was something I didn’t think I could ever bring myself to do-dd- It seemed foolhardy to me, like an uncooked egg deciding to come out of its shell: there would be a risk of spreading out too far, turning into a formless puddle-dd- Margaret Atwood . Many people believe that introversion is about being antisocial, and that’s really a misperception-dd- Because actually it’s just that introverts are differently social-dd- So they would prefer to have a glass of wine with a close friend as opposed to going to a loud party full of strangers-dd- Susan Cain . Do not lose your inward peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset-dd- Saint Francis De Sales . The pressure to entertain, to sell ourselves, and never to be visibly anxious keeps ratcheting up-dd- Susan Cain . Do not be afraid of tomorrow, for God is already there-dd- Unknown . It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves-dd- Edmund Hillary . Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage-dd- Anais Nin . Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action-dd- Walter Anderson . Deep rivers run quiet-dd- Haruki Murakami . There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness-dd- Han Suyin . Let your gentleness be evident to all-dd- Philippians 4:5 . Kind and humble makes a better man than loud and muscle-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The flower that smells the sweetest is shy and lowly-dd- William Wordsworth . I believe that worthiness is our birthright-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Only the weak are cruel-dd- Gentleness can only be expected from the strong-dd- Leo Buscaglia . So many people are shut up tight inside themselves like boxes, yet they would open up, unfolding quite wonderfully, if only you were interested in them-dd- Sylvia Plath . We need to do teacher training to educate them about what temperament means-dd- Shyness is painful and you want to help a child with shyness – but the underlying temperament of being a careful, sensitive person is to be honoured, valued and respected-dd- Susan Cain . Shyness is inherently uncomfortable; introversion is not-dd- The traits do overlap, though psychologists debate to what degree-dd- Susan Cain . Shyness is about the fear of social judgments – at a job interview or a party you might be excessively worried about what people think of you-dd- Whereas an introvert might not feel any of those things at all, they simply have the preference to be in a quieter setting-dd- Susan Cain . Don’t try to be what you’re not-dd- If you’re nervous, be nervous-dd- If you’re shy, be shy-dd- It’s cute-dd- Adriana Lima . Never let shyness conquer your mind-dd- Arfa Karim . Shyness is when you turn your head away from something you want-dd- Jonathan Safran Foer . I am quite shy and people think I’m aloof-dd- Kristen Stewart . Shyness displays itself differently in me-dd- I think it’s more an awkwardness-dd- Daniel Radcliffe . Our greatest strength lies in the gentleness and tenderness of our heart-dd- Rumi . Severity is allowable where gentleness has no effect-dd- Pierre Corneille . I’m very shy so I became very outgoing to protect my shyness-dd- Don Rickles . Home is where the heart can laugh without shyness-dd- Vernon Baker . Love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self-control-dd- To these I commit my day-dd- Max Lucado . Gentleness, self-sacrifice and generosity are the exclusive possession of no one race or religion-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Don’t underestimate me because I’m quiet-dd- I know more than I say, think more than I speak and observe more than you know-dd- Michaela Chung . Most inventors and engineers I’ve met are like me-dd- They’re shy and they live in their heads-dd- The very best of them are artists-dd- And artists work best alone-dd- Steve Wozniak (Apple) . Nothing is so strong as gentleness, nothing so gentle as real strength-dd- Saint Francis de Sales . Gentleness is the antidote for cruelty-dd- Phaedrus . Kindness is wisdom-dd- Philip James Bailey . Without tenderness, a man is uninteresting-dd- Marlene Dietrich . Life begins at the end of your comfort zone-dd- Neale Donald Walsch . If I won’t be myself, who will-qq- Alfred Hitchcock . Don’t envy and don’t compare-dd- Accept your introversion and don’t be scared-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If being yourself is not enough, they are not worth it-dd- Unknown . You can be a very charismatic introvert-dd- Olivia Fox Cabane . A good rule of thumb is that any environment that consistently leaves you feeling bad about who you are is the wrong environment-dd- Laurie Helgoe . Whatever kind of introvert you are, some people will find you ‘too much’ in some ways and ‘not enough’ in others-dd- Laurie Helgoe . The most important thing to know about being an introvert is that there’s nothing wrong with you-dd- You’re not broken because you’re quiet-dd- It’s okay to stay home on a Friday night instead of going to a party-dd- Being an introvert is a perfectly normal ‘thing’ to be-dd- Jenn Granneman . Many introverts feel there’s something wrong with them, and try to pass as extroverts-dd- But whenever you try to pass as something you’re not, you lose a part of yourself along the way-dd- You especially lose a sense of how to spend your time-dd- Susan Cain . If you’re an introvert, you also know that the bias against quiet can cause deep psychic pain-dd- As a child you might have overheard your parents apologize for your shyness-dd- Or at school you might have been prodded to come “out of your shell” — that noxious expression which fails to appreciate that some animals naturally carry shelter everywhere they go, and some humans are just the same-dd- Susan Cain . I prefer listening to talking, reading to socializing… I like to think before I speak (softly)-dd- Susan Cain . We’re told that to be great is to be bold, to be happy is to be sociable-dd- We see ourselves as a nation of extroverts – which means that we’ve lost sight of who we really are-dd- Susan Cain . At the end of the day, you won’t be happy until you love yourself-dd- Lady Gaga . Accept everything about yourself – I mean everything-dd- You are you and that is the beginning and the end – no apologies, no regrets-dd- Clark Moustakas . I am lonely, yet not everybody will do-dd- I don’t know why, some people fill the gaps but other people emphasize my loneliness-dd- Anais Nin . My friend… care for your psyche… know thyself, for once we know ourselves, we may learn how to care for ourselves-dd- Socrates . I really like to stay in my nest and not move-dd- I travel in my mind, and that’s a rigorous state of journeying for me-dd- My body isn’t that interested in moving from place to place-dd- Bell Hooks . Don’t feel stupid if you don’t like what everyone else pretends to love-dd- Emma Watson . I do feel that I’ve managed to make something I could maybe call my world…over time…little by little-dd- And when I’m inside it, to some extent, I feel kind of relieved-dd- But the very fact I felt I had to make such a world probably means that I’m a weak person, that I bruise easily, don’t you think-qq- And in the eyes of society at large, that world of mine is a puny little thing-dd- It’s like a cardboard house: a puff of wind might carry it off somewhere-dd- Haruki Murakami . I’m an introvert… I love being by myself, love being outdoors, love taking a long walk with my dogs and looking at the trees, flowers, the sky-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Study me as much as you like, you will never know me-dd- For I differ a hundred ways from what you see me to be-dd- Rumi . Every time we stomp down our introverted nature, we crush part of our soul in the process-dd- Michaela Chung . Your introversion is a gift that doesn’t need to be cured of fixed-dd- Michaela Chung . We are not anti-social; we’re differently social-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts prefer to work independently, and solitude can be a catalyst to innovation-dd- Susan Cain . The only thing a true introvert dislikes more than talking about himself is repeating himself-dd- Jonathan Rauch . Introvert inclusion: Sometimes we want to be left alone, sometimes we want to be included; most of the time we want to be included with the option to be left alone-dd- Unknown . I’m indecisive because I see eight sides to everything-dd- April Kepne . Introverts tend to avoid small talk-dd- We’d rather talk about something meaningful than fill the air with chatter just to hear ourselves make noise-dd- Jenn Granneman . Deep inside, she knew who she was, and that person was smart and kind and often even funny, but somehow her personality always got lost somewhere between her heart and her mouth, and she found herself saying the wrong thing or, more often, nothing at all-dd- Julia Quinn . An introvert may feel asocial when pressured to go to a party that doesn’t interest her-dd- But for her, the event does not promise meaningful interaction-dd- In fact, she knows that the party will leave her feeling more alone and alienated-dd- Laurie Helgoe . As an introvert, you can be your own best friend or your worst enemy-dd- The good news is we generally like our own company, a quality that extroverts often envy-dd- We find comfort in solitude and know how to soothe ourselves-dd- Laurie Helgoe . Introverts listen more than they talk, think before they speak, and often feel as if they express themselves better in writing than in conversation-dd- They tend to dislike conflict-dd- Many have a horror for small talk, but enjoy deep discussions-dd- Susan Cain . Introverts are capable of acting like extroverts for the sake of work they consider important, people they love, or anything they value highly-dd- Susan Cain . Part 1-dd- If you are an introvert, you are born with a temperament that craves to be alone, delights in meaningful connections, thinks before speaking and observes before approaching-dd- Aletheia Luna . Part 2-dd- If you are an introvert, you thrive in the inner sanctuary of the mind, heart and spirit, but shrink in the external world of noise, drama and chaos-dd- Aletheia Luna . Part 3-dd- As an introvert, you are sensitive, perceptive, gentle and reflective-dd- You prefer to operate behind the scenes, preserve your precious energy and influence the world in a quiet, but powerful way-dd- Aletheia Luna . Inside was where she lived, physically and mentally-dd- She resided in the horn of plenty of her own prodigious mind, fertilized by inexhaustible curiosity-dd- Tim LaHaye . Introverts dislike small talk, but we are fluent in the language of ideas and dreams-dd- Michaela Chung . Wealth is the product of man’s capacity to think-dd- Ayn Rand . Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others-dd- Rosa Parks . I have a feeling that inside you somewhere, there’s somebody nobody knows about-dd- Alfred Hitchcock . You shouldn’t worry so much about what others think of you if you realized how seldom they do-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . I am an extro-introvert-dd- […] I love all of the excitement and I like meeting people and hearing their stories-dd- But I also like time alone-dd- And I like to think and relax and sleep and stuff like that-dd- So I guess I’m a little of both-dd- Hillary Clinton . We reward people a lot for being rich, for being famous, for being cute, for being thin… one of the values I think we need to instill in our country, in our children, is a sense of ‘usefulness’, in other words, are we useful, are we making other peoples’ lives a little bit better-qq- Barack Obama . One of the strongest motives that lead men to art and science is escape from everyday life-dd- A finely tempered nature longs to escape from the personal life into the world of objective perception and thought-dd- Albert Einstein . A shy man no doubt dreads the notice of strangers, but can hardly be said to be afraid of them, he may be as bold as a hero in battle, and yet have no self-confidence about trifles in the presence of strangers-dd- Charles Darwin . I’m shy, paranoid, whatever word you want to use-dd- I hate fame-dd- I’ve done everything I can to avoid it-dd- Johnny Depp . Being noticed can be a burden-dd- Jesus got himself crucified because he got himself noticed-dd- So I disappear a lot-dd- Bob Dylan . I don’t want to be a movie star-dd- I want to be in movies that are stars-dd- Harrison Ford . Respect your efforts, respect yourself-dd- Self-respect leads to self-discipline-dd- When you have both firmly under your belt, that’s real power-dd- Clint Eastwood . I was kinda shy in school, but I also had the class-clown element about me-dd- I was removed, but I was involved-dd- Keenu Reeves . Way too much coffee-dd- But if it weren’t for the coffee, I’d have no identifiable personality whatsoever-dd- David Letterman . I think enough cannot be said for what you can discover through literature-dd- So I think that was probably my most valued characteristic as a teenager-dd- Julia Roberts . I’m kind of an introvert kind of person just by nature, it’s not like a conscious choice that I’m making necessarily-dd- […] Coming to realize that about myself was very empowering-dd- Emma Watson . Don’t you ever let a soul in the world tell you that you can’t be exactly who you are-dd- Lady Gaga . I can be very shy…but when I’m around people I know, I can be extremely loud-dd- Avril Lavigne . I’m an ocean, because I’m really deep-dd- If you search deep enough you can find rare exotic treasures-dd- Christina Aguilera . I always try to be myself-dd- Ever since I was an introverted kid, I’d get on stage and be able to break out of my shell-dd- Beyonce Knowles . Obstacles don’t have to stop you-dd- If you run into a wall, don’t turn around and give up-dd- Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it-dd- Michael Jordan . We do not need magic to transform our world-dd- We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already-dd- We have the power to imagine better-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . I never felt comfortable with myself, because I was never part of the majority-dd- I always felt awkward and shy and on the outside of the momentum of my friends’ lives-dd- Steven Spielberg . E-mail is far more convenient than the telephone-dd- As far as I’m concerned, I would throw my phone away if I could get away with it-dd- Tom Hanks . I loved to make people laugh in high school, and then I found I loved being on stage in front of people-dd- I’m sure that’s some kind of ego trip or a way to overcome shyness-dd- I was very kind of shy and reserved, so there’s a way to be on stage and be performing and balance your life out-dd- Steve Martin . Most people in politics draw energy from backslapping and shaking hands and all that-dd- I draw energy from discussing ideas-dd- Al Gore . I think introverts can do quite well-dd- If you’re clever you can learn to get the benefits of being an introvert, which might be, say, being willing to go off for a few days and think about a tough problem, read everything you can, push yourself very hard to think out on the edge of that area-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . I think that’s the single best piece of advice: constantly think about how you could be doing things better and questioning yourself-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla, SpaceX) . The difference between successful people and really successful people is that really successful people say no to almost everything-dd- Warren Buffett . Truth is ever to be found in simplicity, and not in the multiplicity and confusion of things-dd- Isaac Newton . Do not underestimate the determination of a quiet man-dd- Iain Duncun Smith . 