You can totally do this-dd- . Impossible is for the unwilling-dd- John Keats . No pressure, no diamonds-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Stay foolish to stay sane-dd- Maxime Lagacé . When nothing goes right, go left-dd- . Try Again-dd- Fail again-dd- Fail better-dd- Samuel Beckett . Don’t tell people your plans-dd- Show them your results-dd- . I can and I will-dd- . Take the risk or lose the chance-dd- . Prove them wrong-dd- . No guts, no story-dd- Chris Brady . My life is my message-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Screw it, let’s do it-dd- Richard Branson . Boldness be my friend-dd- William Shakespeare . Keep going-dd- Be all in-dd- Bryan Hutchinson . My life is my argument-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Dream big-dd- Pray bigger-dd- . Leave no stone unturned-dd- Euripides . Fight till the last gasp-dd- William Shakespeare . Stay hungry-dd- Stay foolish-dd- Steve Jobs . Broken crayons still color-dd- . And so the adventure begins-dd- . If you want it, work for it-dd- . You can if you think you can-dd- George Reeves . Whatever you are, be a good one-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Grow through what you go through-dd- . Do it with passion or not at all-dd- . She believed she could, so she did-dd- . The past does not equal the future-dd- Tony Robbins . Good things happen to those who hustle-dd- Anaïs Nin . At the end of hardship comes happiness-dd- . Don’t dream your life, live your dream-dd- . If it matters to you, you’ll find a way-dd- Charlie Gilkey . Forget about style; worry about results-dd- Bobby Orr . Whatever you do, do with all your might-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Dream without fear-dd- Love without limits-dd- . Every noble work is at first impossible-dd- Thomas Carlyle . If you’re going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston Churchill . You can do anything you set your mind to-dd- . We are twice armed if we fight with faith-dd- Plato . The wisest mind has something yet to learn-dd- George Santanaya . Open your mind-dd- Get up off the couch-dd- Move-dd- Anthony Bourdain . Be faithful to that which exists within yourself-dd- André Gide . Persistence guarantees that results are inevitable-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . In life you need either inspiration or desperation-dd- Tony Robbins . I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees-dd- Euripides . The true success is the person who invented himself-dd- Al Goldstein . Let him that would move the world first move himself-dd- Socrates . Go forth on your path, as it exists only through your walking-dd- Augustine of Hippo . We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough-dd- Helen Keller . It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop-dd- Confucius . It is better to live one day as a lion, than a thousand days as a lamb-dd- Roman proverb . Life is fragile-dd- We’re not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you’ve got-dd- Tim Cook . The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and they day you find out why-dd- Mark Twain . Fall seven times, stand up eight-dd- Japanese proverb (This is one of my favorite short quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . You matter-dd- . You are loved-dd- . Actually, you can-dd- . Yes-xx- Yes-xx- You can do it-xx- . Focus on the good-dd- . You are doing great-dd- . We rise by lifting others-dd- . Be happy-dd- Be bright-dd- Be you-dd- . Every day is a second chance-dd- . You are amazing-dd- Remember that-dd- . Darling, you are a work of art-dd- . Each day provides its own gifts-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Happiness looks gorgeous on you-dd- . You are capable of amazing things-dd- . You are somebody’s reason to smile-dd- . Nothing is worth more than this day-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Think like a proton, always positive-dd- . You are stronger than you think you are-dd- . Focus on the journey, not the destination-dd- Greg Anderson . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Once you choose hope, anything’s possible-dd- Christopher Reeve . You make mistakes-dd- Mistakes don’t make you-dd- . Breathe-dd- It’s just a bad day, not a bad life-dd- . Start every day off with a smile and get it over with-dd- W-dd- C-dd- Fields . If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . It’s okay to not be okay as long as you are not giving up-dd- . If you feel like giving up, look back at how far you’ve come-dd- . Every day may not be good but there is something good in every day-dd- . Don’t go through life, grow through life-dd- Eric Butterworth . A problem is a chance for you to do your best-dd- Duke Ellington . You are amazing-dd- As you are-dd- Stronger than you know-dd- More beautiful than you think-dd- Tia Sparkles . Everything is going to be okay in the end-dd- If it’s not the okay, it’s not the end-dd- . Go-xx- . Love-dd- . Begin-dd- . Let go-dd- . Breathe-dd- . Slow down-dd- . Let it be-dd- . Go for it-dd- . I love you-dd- . Keep going-dd- . Choose joy-dd- . Enjoy today-dd- . C’est la vie-dd- . Choose happy-dd- . Keep it cool-dd- . Take it easy-dd- . Be in the now-dd- . Live the moment-dd- . Choose to shine-dd- . No pain, no gain-dd- . Do it-dd- With love-dd- . It is what it is-dd- . Love conquers all-dd- . Keep your chin up-dd- . Follow your heart-dd- . Don’t rush things-dd- . You only live once-dd- . Never stop dreaming-dd- . Now is all you have-dd- . Keep moving forward-dd- . This too shall pass-dd- . Every moment matters-dd- . Love more-dd- Worry less-dd- . Dust settles-dd- I don’t-dd- . Nothing lasts forever-dd- . Work hard-dd- Stay humble-dd- . Enjoy the little things-dd- . The best is yet to come-dd- . Better things are coming-dd- . Collect moments – not things-dd- . Feel the fear and do it anyway-dd- . Life is too short to learn German-dd- Oscar Wilde . Why do they put pizza in a square box-qq- . Do crabs think we walk sideways-qq- Bill Murray . Don’t be humble, you’re not that great-dd- Indira Gandhi . I intend to live forever-dd- So far, so good-dd- Steven Wright . My life feels like a test I didn’t study for-dd- . Why is there an expiration date on sour cream-qq- George Carlin . This suspense is terrible-dd- I hope it will last-dd- Oscar Wilde . I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol-dd- Steven Wright . A day without sunshine is like, you know, night-dd- Steve Martin . In heaven, all the interesting people are missing-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The last woman I was in was the Statue of Liberty-dd- Woddy Allen . Women want love to be a novel-dd- Men, a short story-dd- Daphne du Maurier . Guests, like fish, begin to smell after three days-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company-dd- Mark Twain . Whoever named it necking is a poor judge of anatomy-dd- Groucho Marx . Change is inevitable – except from a vending machine-dd- Robert C-dd- Gallagher . I bet giraffes don’t even know what farts smell like-dd- Bill Murray . Every novel is a mystery novel if you never finish it-dd- . Why is the slowest traffic of the day called ‘rush hour’-qq- . It’s easy to quit smoking-dd- I’ve done it hundreds of times-dd- Mark Twain . The risk I took was calculated, but man, I am bad at math-dd- . I couldn’t repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder-dd- Steven Wright . Do not read the next sentence-dd- You little rebel, I like you-dd- . Just when I discovered the meaning of life, they changed it-dd- George Carlin . Always borrow money from a pessimist-dd- He won’t expect it back-dd- Oscar Wilde . If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in a library-qq- Lily Tomlin . I love deadlines-dd- I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by-dd- Douglas Adams . I never feel more alone than when I’m trying to put sunscreen on my back-dd- Jimmy Kimmel . Those are my principles, and if you don’t like them… well, I have others-dd- Groucho Marx . The key to eating healthy is not eating any food that has a TV commercial-dd- Mike Birbiglia . I’ve got to keep breathing-dd- It’ll be my worst business mistake if I don’t-dd- Steve Martin . There are three types of people in this world: those who can count, and those who can’t-dd- . The closest a person ever comes to perfection is when he fills out a job application form-dd- . No rain-dd- No flowers-dd- . Shine like the stars-dd- . You make my heart smile-dd- . You will forever be my always-dd- . Your voice is my favorite sound-dd- . Throw kindness around like confetti-dd- . My favorite place is inside your hug-dd- . I still fall in love with you every day-dd- . You smile, I smile-dd- That’s how it works-dd- . She was a rainbow, but he was color blind-dd- . We were born to be real, not to be perfect-dd- . When I count my blessings, I count you twice-dd- . By the way, I’m wearing the smile you gave me-dd- . If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life-dd- Oscar Wilde . When it rains look for rainbows-dd- When it’s dark look for stars-dd- . To the world you may be one person, but to one person you are the world-dd- Bill Wilson . I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you-dd- Ray Croft . Be a voice-dd- Not an echo-dd- . Seek the seeker-dd- Ramana Maharshi . Every wall is a door-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The only truth is music-dd- Jack Kerouac . Silence is an answer too-dd- . If youth knew; if age could-dd- Sigmund Freud . Time is the soul of this world-dd- Pythagoras . Stars can’t shine without darkness-dd- . He not busy being born is busy dying-dd- Bob Dylan . It takes a long time to become young-dd- Pablo Picasso . Be who you needed when you were young-dd- . Innocence is courage and clarity both-dd- Osho . Find what you love and let it kill you-dd- Charles Bukowski . Sadness flies away on the wings of time-dd- Jean de La Fontaine . I am not young enough to know everything-dd- Oscar Wilde . Life is like the ocean, it goes up and down-dd- Vanessa Paradis . The eyes are useless when the mind is blind-dd- . If you’re not confused, you’re not paying attention-dd- Tom Peters . You’ve gotta know what death is to know life-dd- Jack Kevorkian . Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today-dd- Will Rogers . Forgiveness is giving up hope for a better past-dd- . Be kind to unkind people, they need it the most-dd- . Solitary trees, if they grow at all, grow strong-dd- Winston Churchill . Character like a photograph, develops in darkness-dd- . The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship-dd- William Blake . Life is a question and how we live it is our answer-dd- Gary Keller . God provides the wind, but man must raise the sails-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth-dd- Pablo Picasso . Enlightenment is when a wave realizes it is the ocean-dd- . The truth isn’t always beauty, but the hunger for it is-dd- Nadine Gordimer . This is your life, and it’s ending one minute at a time-dd- . Hearts are wild creatures, that’s why our ribs are cages-dd- . Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit-dd- Khalil Gibran . Your faith can move mountains and your doubt can create them-dd- . The knowledge of happiness brings the knowledge of unhappiness-dd- Swami Vivekananda . There are those who give with joy, and that joy is their reward-dd- Khalil Gibran . Life is the car, your heart is the key and God is the chauffeur-dd- Sri Sathya Sai Baba . You are not a drop in the ocean-dd- You are the entire ocean in a drop-dd- Rumi . Normality is a paved road: it’s comfortable to walk, but no flowers grow on it-dd- . One is never afraid of the unknown; one is afraid of the known coming to an end-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . When you’re happy you enjoy the music, when you’re sad you understand the lyrics-dd- . When you’ve seen beyond yourself, then you may find, peace of mind is waiting there-dd- George Harrison . You have to be odd to be number one-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Please all, and you will please none-dd- Aesop . The fool wonders, the wise man asks-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . A smooth sea never made a skillful sailor-dd- . Pain is inevitable-dd- Suffering is optional-dd- . A man can’t ride your back unless it’s bent-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Don’t raise your voice-dd- Improve your argument-dd- . Chop your own wood and it will warm you twice-dd- Henry Ford . Some people are so poor, all they have is money-dd- Jack Kerouac . All generalizations are false, including this one-dd- Mark Twain . It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see-dd- Henry David Thoreau . There is no saint without a past, no sinner without a future-dd- Augustine of Hippo . We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give-dd- Winston Churchill . It’s so strange that autumn is so beautiful; yet everything is dying-dd- . It’s no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction-dd- Fiction has to make sense-dd- Mark Twain . The man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd-dd- James Crook . What counts can’t always be counted; what can be counted doesn’t always count-dd- Albert Einstein . As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Life is not about how fast you run or how high you climb, but how well you bounce-dd- Vivian Komori . Concentration is the ability to think about absolutely nothing when it is absolutely necessary-dd- Ray Knight . It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open one’s mouth and remove all doubt-dd- Mark Twain . So it goes-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Live the life you’ve dreamed-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Life is not fair; get used to it-dd- Bill Gates . Life is a long lesson in humility-dd- James M-dd- Barrie . Life is a lively process of becoming-dd- Douglas MacArthur . The unexamined life is not worth living-dd- Socrates . Life is largely a matter of expectation-dd- Homer . Don’t count the days-dd- Make the days count-dd- . Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly-dd- Mae West . Don’t wait-dd- Life goes faster than you think-dd- . Be soft-dd- Do not let the world make you hard-dd- . Life is too important to be taken seriously-dd- Oscar Wilde . Life is either a daring adventure or nothing-dd- Helen Keller . The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Love the life you live-dd- Lead the life you love-dd- Bob Marley . Life is accepting what is and working from that-dd- Gloria Naylor . We are all, right now, living the life we choose-dd- Peter McWilliams . Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued-dd- Socrates . Live your life, do your work, then take your hat-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Life got to be about more than just solving problems-dd- Elon Musk . Life isn’t as serious as the mind makes it out to be-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Life is about making an impact, not making an income-dd- Kevin Kruse . The quality of life is more important than life itself-dd- Alexis Carrel . You have to die a few times before you can really live-dd- Charles Bukowski . What’s coming will come and we’ll meet it when it does-dd- Hagrid . Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage-dd- Anaïs Nin . Life is defined more by its risks than by its samenesses-dd- Mary Anne Radmacher . You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough-dd- Mae West . Sometimes life has its way with you when you least expect it-dd- Jon Hamm . Life isn’t about getting and having, it’s about giving and being-dd- Kevin Kruse . Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Life is amazing-dd- Life is fucking messy-dd- Life is what you make of it-dd- Dwayne Johnson . Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing-dd- Oscar Wilde . Only one life that soon is past, only what’s done with love will last-dd- . Don’t be afraid your life will end-dd- Be afraid that it will never begin-dd- Grace Hansen . To live is the rarest thing in the world-dd- Most people exist, that is all-dd- Oscar Wilde . Life is like riding a bicycle-dd- To keep your balance, you must keep moving-dd- Albert Einstein . In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on-dd- Robert Frost . Life really does begin at forty-dd- Up until then, you are just doing research-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . The meaning of life is to find your gift-dd- The purpose of life is to give it away-dd- William Skakespeare . Life, it seems, is nothing if not a series of initiations, transitions, and incorporations-dd- Alan Dundes . Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away-dd- Maya Angelou . Life is pure adventure, and the sooner we realize that, the quicker we will be able to treat life as art-dd- Maya Angelou . I’ve never been poor, only broke-dd- Being poor is a frame of mind-dd- Being broke is only a temporary situation-dd- Mike Todd . Enjoy the little things in life because one day you’ll look back and realize they were the big things-dd- . I think people spend too much time staring into screens and not enough time drinking wine, tongue kissing, and dancing under the moon-dd- Rachel Wolchin . To love is to act-dd- Victor Hugo . All you need is love-dd- John Lennon . Do all things with love-dd- Og Mandino . Every lover is a soldier-dd- Ovid . Who, being loved, is poor-qq- Oscar Wilde . Speak low, if you speak love-dd- William Shakespeare . Love is the absence of judgment-dd- Dalai Lama . If you wished to be loved, love-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Love the sinner and hate the sin-dd- Augustine of Hippo . If a thing loves, it is infinite-dd- William Blake . In true love, you attain freedom-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Economized love is never real love-dd- Honore De Balzac . Love does not dominate; it cultivates-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The more you judge, the less you love-dd- Honore de Balzac . Lovers quarrels are the renewal of love-dd- Terence . Life is a game and true love is a trophy-dd- Rufus Wainwright . To love is to receive a glimpse of heaven-dd- Karen Sunde . Love is the flower you’ve got to let grow-dd- John Lennon . If love appears, boundaries will disappear-dd- Osho . Intense love does not measure, it just gives-dd- Mother Teresa . They do not love that do not show their love-dd- William Shakespeare . Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it-dd- Benjamin Franklin . The more you love, the more you become lovable-dd- Osho . You cannot save people, you can just love them-dd- Anaïs Nin . Love is a thing that is full of cares and fears-dd- Ovid . It is love alone that gives worth to all things-dd- Teresa of Avila . Life in abundance comes only through great love-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . The art of love is largely the art of persistence-dd- Albert Ellis . If you judge people, you have no time to love them-dd- Mother Teresa . Never love anyone who treats you like you’re ordinary-dd- Oscar Wilde . You give me the kind of feeling people write novels about-dd- . Follow love and it will flee, flee love and it will follow-dd- John Gay . Love is like the wind, you can’t see it but you can feel it-dd- Nicholas Sparks . Stay away from people who make you feel like you’re hard to love-dd- . Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood-dd- George Orwell . Never let an opportunity to tell someone how much they mean to you-dd- . The quickest way to get someone’s attention is to no longer want it-dd- . True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . Spread love everywhere you go-dd- Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier-dd- Mother Teresa . Do what you love-dd- Know your own bone; gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Love needs great courage-dd- It needs great courage because it needs the sacrifice of the ego-dd- Osho . I don’t have time to worry about who doesn’t like me-dd- I’m too busy loving people who love me-dd- . Do not seek the because – in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions-dd- Anaïs Nin . Whoever loves becomes humble-dd- Those who love have, so to speak, pawned a part of their narcissism-dd- Sigmund Freud . You are enough-dd- . Nobody is perfect-dd- . Make yourself a priority-dd- . This is who the fuck I am-dd- Lady Gaga . Find yourself, and be that-dd- . Different doesn’t mean wrong-dd- . Where’s your will to be weird-qq- Jim Morrison . And now I’ll do what’s best for me-dd- . Above all things, reverence yourself-dd- Pythagoras . Self-respect knows no considerations-dd- Mohandas Gandhi . No one is laughable who laughs at himself-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Why fit in when you were born to stand out-qq- Dr-dd- Seuss . Personal love is concentrated universal love-dd- Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . You are not designed for everyone to like you-dd- . Accept who you are-dd- Unless you’re a serial killer-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself-dd- Coco Chanel . Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are-dd- Kurt Cobain . To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance-dd- Oscar Wilde . Whatever makes you weird is probably your greatest asset-dd- . If you are lonely when you’re alone, you are in bad company-dd- Jean-Paul Sartre . The worst loneliness is not to be comfortable with yourself-dd- Mark Twain . I’m currently under construction-dd- Thank you for your patience-dd- . The reward for conformity is that everyone likes you but yourself-dd- Rita Mae Brown . Be yourself-dd- People don’t have to like you, and you don’t have to care-dd- . Your value doesn’t decrease based on someone’s inability to see your worth-dd- . It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not-dd- André Gide . I found that there is only one thing that heals every problem, and that is: to know how to love yourself-dd- Louise Hay . Smile, it’s free therapy-dd- . Freedom lies in being bold-dd- Robert Frost . A happy wife is a happy life-dd- Gavin Rossdale . Happiness lies in perspective-dd- . Boredom: the desire for desires-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Do more of what makes you happy-dd- . Happiness depends upon ourselves-dd- Aristotle . The less I needed, the better I felt-dd- Charles Bukowski . Be happy in the moment, that’s enough-dd- Mother Teresa . Happiness can exist only in acceptance-dd- George Orwell . Man is the artificer of his own happiness-dd- Henry David Thoreau . One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory-dd- Rita Mae Brown . To live happily is an inward power of the soul-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Anything you’re good at contributes to happiness-dd- Bertrand Russell . A happy soul is the best shield for a cruel world-dd- Atticus . There is no way to happiness-dd- Happiness is the way-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Never expect anything-dd- You’ll never be disappointed-dd- . Work out your own salvation-dd- Do not depend on others-dd- Buddha . Happiness is the absence of the pursuit of happiness-dd- . Stay true to you and you will end up incredibly happy-dd- . Happiness is needing less-dd- Unhappiness is wanting more-dd- . The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it-dd- Richard Bach . If you carry joy in your heart, you can heal any moment-dd- Carlos Santana . Life’s greatest happiness is to be convinced we are loved-dd- Victor Hugo . Be happy with what you have-dd- Be excited about what you want-dd- Alan Cohen . Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough-dd- Emily Dickinson . To be content means that you realize you contain what you seek-dd- Alan Cohen . Happy are those who dare courageously to defend what they love-dd- Ovid . Whatever it is, find something to be excited about for tomorrow-dd- . Doing what you like is freedom-dd- Liking what you do is happiness-dd- Frank Tyger . The key to happiness is doing something you like every single day-dd- Victor Pride . We don’t laugh because we’re happy – we’re happy because we laugh-dd- William James . Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling-dd- Margaret Lee Runbeck . True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one’s self-dd- Joseph Addison . Base your happiness on taking action toward those goals, not on attaining them-dd- Laura J-dd- Tong . A lifetime of happiness-xx- No man alive could bear it: it would be hell on earth-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Most people have never learned that one of the main aims in life is to enjoy it-dd- Samuel Butler . Happiness cannot be accumulated-dd- What is accumulated is always destructed by time-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul-dd- Democritus . A friend is a second self-dd- Aristotle . Choose people who lift you up-dd- Michelle Obama . Find your tribe-dd- Love them hard-dd- . Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud-dd- . Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Any day spent with you is my favorite day-dd- . The only way to have a friend is to be one-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Friends are the siblings God never gave us-dd- Mencius . Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer-dd- Jean de La Fontaine . The good man is the friend of all living things-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives-dd- Euripides . Treasure your relationships, not your possessions-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . Friendship always benefits; love sometimes injures-dd- Seneca . The language of friendship is not words but meanings-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Friends-qq- You don’t need more than your few close ones-dd- Alden Tan . Wherever we are, it is our friends that make our world-dd- Henry Drummond . It’s a beautiful thing to love others just as they are-dd- . My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me-dd- Henry Ford . If you have one true friend you have more than your share-dd- Thomas Fuller . The real business of life is trying to understand each other-dd- Gilbert Parker . People are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges-dd- Joseph F-dd- Newton . Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness-dd- Euripides . A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you-dd- Elbert Hubbard . The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it-dd- Hubert H-dd- Humphrey . True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable-dd- David Tyson . ‘Enough’ is a feast-dd- Buddhist proverb . Count your blessings-dd- Og Mandino . Be obsessively grateful-dd- . Gratitude changes everything-dd- . Gratitude is the sign of noble souls-dd- Aesop . Start each day with a grateful heart-dd- . Joy is the simplest form of gratitude-dd- Karl Barth . Expect nothing and appreciate everything-dd- . A grateful heart is a magnet for miracles-dd- . Gratitude is riches-dd- Complaint is poverty-dd- Doris Day . Silent gratitude isn’t very much to anyone-dd- Gertrude Stein . Don’t forget who was with you from the start-dd- . When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened-dd- Ludwig Jacobowski . Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Pull over to the side of your journey and look how far you’ve come-dd- . How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard-dd- Winnie the Pooh . Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Kindness is wisdom-dd- Philip James Bailey . Kindness is contagious-dd- . Fair and softly goes far-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . Kindness is always beautiful-dd- . Real kindness seeks no return-dd- . Be gentle first with yourself-dd- Lama Yeshe . Do small things with great love-dd- Mother Teresa . You will never regret being kind-dd- . In the end, only kindness matters-dd- . For it is in giving that we receive-dd- Francis of Assisi . No one has ever become poor by giving-dd- Anne Frank . Kind people are the best kind of people-dd- . Kindness is not an act, it’s a lifestyle-dd- . The more sympathy you give, the less you need-dd- Malcolm S-dd- Forbes . In a world where you can be anything, be kind-dd- . Be kind to unkind people-dd- They need it the most-dd- . Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle Ian Maclaren . Kindness, I’ve discovered, is everything in life-dd- Isaac Bashevis . A warm smile is the universal language of kindness-dd- William Arthur Ward . Be somebody who makes everybody feel like a somebody-dd- . We are all different-dd- Don’t judge, understand instead-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . If you can’t feed a hundred people, then feed just one-dd- Mother Teresa . What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness-qq- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted-dd- Aesop . You can accomplish by kindness what you cannot by force-dd- Publilius Syrus . The end result of kindness is that it draws people to you-dd- Anita Roddick . Kindness is like snow – it beautifies everything it covers-dd- Khalil Gibran . We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do-dd- Mother Teresa . It’s nice to be important, but it’s more important to be nice-dd- . How you make others feel about themselves says a lot about you-dd- . Be kinder to yourself-dd- And then let your kindness flood the world-dd- . How do we change the world-qq- One random act of kindness at the time-dd- . I don’t worry about people misinterpreting my kindness for weakness-dd- Jason Bateman . Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Do less-dd- Be more-dd- Neil Strauss . You are your choices-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Be true to who you are-dd- . My forte is awkwardness-dd- Zach Galifianakis . We are what we believe we are-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Do as you wish-dd- Be as you are-dd- . It’s ok to put yourself first-dd- . Know who you are and know it’s enough-dd- . The ultimate mystery is one’s own self-dd- Sammy Davis Jr-dd- . Character is simply habit long continued-dd- Plutarch . This above all: to thine own self be true-dd- William Shakespeare . Adventure is not outside man; it is within-dd- George Eliot . You are who you are when nobody’s watching-dd- Stephen Fry . To know oneself, one should assert oneself-dd- Albert Camus . The things that we love tell us what we are-dd- Thomas Aquinas . When I am silent, I have thunder hidden inside-dd- Rumi . I may be no better, but at least I am different-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . There is no competition because nobody can be me-dd- . I am not the perishable body, but the eternal Self-dd- Ramana Maharshi . What I’m looking for is not out there, it is in me-dd- Helen Keller . Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise-dd- Sigmund Freud . Sometimes it’s only madness that makes us what we are-dd- . As long as you can find yourself, you’ll never starve-dd- Suzanne Collins . Self-esteem is the reputation we acquire with ourselves-dd- Nathaniel Branden . Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is enlightenment-dd- Lao Tzu . The only tyrant I accept in this world is the still voice within-dd- Mohandas Gandhi . Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority-dd- Tom Hopkins . Life isn’t about finding yourself-dd- Life is about creating yourself-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Never be an imitator, be always original-dd- Don’t become a carbon copy-dd- Osho . The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others-dd- Mohandas Gandhi . Life is really a dance if you are original, and you are meant to be original-dd- Osho . He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still-dd- Lao Tzu . What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Dreams don’t work unless you do-dd- . Everything you can imagine is real-dd- Pablo Picasso . If you can dream it, you can do it-dd- Walt Disney . Don’t dream your life, live your dream-dd- . Nothing happens unless first we dream-dd- Carl Sandburg . The dreamers are the saviors of the world-dd- James Allen . If you give up on your dreams, what’s left-qq- Jim Carrey . It may be that those who do most, dream most-dd- Stephen Butler Leacock . Make your dreams happen-dd- Die with memories, not dreams-dd- . If it’s still in your mind, it is worth taking the risk-dd- . Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity-dd- Khalil Gibran . I dream-dd- Sometimes I think that’s the only right thing to do-dd- Haruki Murakami . Dreams are often most profound when they seem the most crazy-dd- Sigmund Freud . The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams-dd- Oprah Winfrey . The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . You can’t put a limit on anything-dd- The more you dream, the farther you get-dd- Michael Phelps . Go confidently in the direction of your dreams and live the life you have imagined-dd- Henry David Thoreau . You are beautiful-dd- . Be beautiful your own way-dd- . There is beauty in simplicity-dd- . To love beauty is to see light-dd- Victor Hugo . Beauty awakens the soul to act-dd- Dante Alighieri . Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius-dd- . Beauty is the promise of happiness-dd- Stendhal . A beautiful thing is never perfect-dd- Egyptian proverb . Do something wonderful, people may imitate it-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it-dd- Confucius . Beauty always promises, but never gives anything-dd- Simone Weil . The human soul needs actual beauty more than bread-dd- D-dd- H-dd- Lawrence . Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself-dd- Coco Chanel . I’ve never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful-dd- . If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads-dd- Anatole France . Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart-dd- Khalil Gibran . Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy-dd- Anne Frank . Sometimes you need to close your eyes to see the real beauty-dd- . For me the greatest beauty always lies in the greatest clarity-dd- Gotthold Ephraim Lessing . The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth-dd- Lao Tzu . I don’t think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains-dd- Anne Frank . You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed-dd- And you are beautiful-dd- Amy Bloom . The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched – they must be felt with the heart-dd- Helen Keller . Time is money-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Time is all we have-dd- . Good things take time-dd- . Time eases all things-dd- Sophocles . Lost time is never found again-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Time brings all things to pass-dd- Aeschylus . Time is the wisest counsellor of all-dd- Pericles . Time is but the stream I go fishing in-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The trouble is, you think you have time-dd- Jack Kornfield . Nothing is so dear and precious as time-dd- French proverb . Time you enjoy wasting isn’t wasted time-dd- . Time is a game played beautifully by children-dd- Heraclitus . Don’t wait-dd- The time will never be just right-dd- Mark Twain . Time is what we want most, but what we use worst-dd- William Penn . It’s not about having time, it’s about making time-dd- . The two most powerful warriors are patience and time-dd- Leo Tolstoy . In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy-dd- William Blake . Taking crazy things seriously is a serious waste of time-dd- Haruki Murakami . Being rich is having money, being wealthy is having time-dd- Stephen Swid . Be patient and tough; one day this pain will be useful to you-dd- Ovid . Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life-dd- Steve Jobs . If you love life, don’t waste time for time is what life is made up of-dd- Bruce Lee . Own less-dd- Do more-dd- . Simplify, simplify-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Order brings peace-dd- St-Augustine . More life, less rush-dd- . Buy less, choose well-dd- Vivienne Westwood . Do more of what matters-dd- Anthony Ongaro . Fewer things-dd- More peace-dd- . Brevity is the soul of wit-dd- William Shakespeare . Stop the glorification of busy-dd- . Simplicity is the soul of efficiency-dd- Austin Freeman . Once you need less, you will have more-dd- . I make myself rich by making my wants few-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Owning less is better than organizing more-dd- Joshua Becker . He is richest who is content with the least-dd- Socrates . Learn to say no without explaining yourself-dd- . Who is rich-qq- He that rejoices in his portion-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Owning less is great, wanting less is better-dd- Joshua Becker . Someone else is happy with less than you have-dd- . You don’t need more space-dd- You need less stuff-dd- . Minimalism is not deprivation, it’s liberation-dd- . The most important things in life aren’t things-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . A place for everything, everything in its place-dd- Benjamin Franklin . There is more to life than increasing its speed-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . It is quality rather than quantity that matters-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . The need for less often result in a life of more-dd- Brian Gardner . Love people, use things-dd- The opposite never works-dd- The Minimalists . The verbal expression of simplicity is ‘no thanks’-dd- . Remember, you probably already have more than you need-dd- . Owning things has a cost, and money is the least of it-dd- David Cain . Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated-dd- Confucius . I was living the American dream and I realized it wasn’t my dream-dd- Joshua Fields Millburn . Stop pressing rewind on things that should be deleted in your life-dd- . The more possessions you have, the less time you have to enjoy them-dd- . My goal is no longer to get more done, but rather to have less to do-dd- Francine Jay . Being a minimalist means you value yourself more than material things-dd- . Getting all of that stuff out of your life (and your mind) is addictive-dd- Tynan . Instead of working so hard to make ends meet, work on having fewer ends-dd- Courtney Carver . It’s not the daily increase but daily decrease-dd- Hack away at the unessential-dd- Bruce Lee . Minimalism is not about having less, it’s about making room for more of what matters-dd- . Don’t buy shit you don’t need, with money you don’t have, to impress people you don’t like-dd- Tyler Durden, Fight Club . Our economy is based on spending billions to persuade people that happiness is buying things-dd- Philip Slater . You don’t need to remove clutter if you don’t let it enter your home or office in the first place-dd- Jeri Dansky . Stop trying to impress others with the things that you own-dd- Begin inspiring them by the way you live-dd- . What is minimalism then-qq- It’s living lightly and gracefully on the earth-dd- It’s uncovering who you are-dd- Francine Jay . No ego, no pain-dd- Chien-ju . What we think, we become-dd- Buddha . I don’t mind what happens-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . He who is contented is rich-dd- Lao Tzu . Smile, breathe and go slowly-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Even monkeys fall from trees-dd- Japanese proverb . Confine yourself to the present-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Enough is abundance to the wise-dd- Euripides . Inhale the future-dd- Exhale the past-dd- . He who knows he has enough is rich-dd- Lao Tzu . Wherever you are, be totally there-dd- Eckart Tolle . Water which is too pure has no fish-dd- Ts’ai Ken T’an . The essence of the Way is detachment-dd- Bodhidharma . Neither seek nor avoid, take what comes-dd- Swami Sivananda . If it comes; let it-dd- If it goes; let it-dd- . Be like a tree-dd- Let the dead leaves drop-dd- Rumi . The greatest achievement is selflessness-dd- . If all you can do is crawl, start crawling-dd- Rumi . There are no problems without consciousness-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . The quieter you become, the more you can hear-dd- Baba Ram Dass . If you are too busy to laugh, you are too busy-dd- . When the disciple is ready, the master appears-dd- Osho . Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it-dd- Confucius . The greatest effort is not concerned with results-dd- . Give this moment your attention – and affection-dd- Alex Blackwell . Who looks outside dreams, who looks inside awakens-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . There is no path to happiness-dd- Happiness is the path-dd- Buddha . New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings-dd- Lao Tzu . Awareness is freedom, it brings freedom, it yields freedom-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The only way you can endure your pain is to let it be painful-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Be not afraid of going slowly, be afraid only of standing still-dd- Chinese proverb . Contentment comes not so much from great wealth as from few wants-dd- Epictetus . Tension is who you think you should be, relaxation is who you are-dd- Chinese proverb . The softest things in the world overcome the hardest things in the world-dd- Lao Tzu . Do not listen with the intent to reply-dd- But with the intent to understand-dd- . A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials-dd- Chinese proverb . You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need-dd- Vernon Howard . Open your mouth only if what you are going to say is more beautiful than silence-dd- . Life is now-dd- There was never a time when your life was not now, nor will there ever be-dd- Eckhart Tolle . If you are depressed, you are living in the past-dd- If you are anxious, you are living in the future-dd- If you are at peace, you are living in the present-dd- Lao Tzu . Peace is every step-dd- Thich Nhat Hahn . My aim in life is not to judge-dd- Jeanne Moreau . A smile is the beginning of peace-dd- Mother Teresa . Nonviolence is a weapon of the strong-dd- Mohandas Gandhi . Peace is the only battle worth waging-dd- Albert Camus . Freedom from desire leads to inner peace-dd- Lao Tsu . It is possible to choose peace over worry-dd- . There is no way to peace, peace is the way-dd- A-dd-J-dd- Muste . Peace is costly but it is worth the expense-dd- African proverb . Forgive, son; men are men; they needs must err-dd- Euripides . Peace comes from within-dd- Do not seek it without-dd- Buddha . Let nothing and no one disturb your inner peace-dd- Luminita Saviuc . Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others-dd- Gerald Jampolsky . Don’t hurry-dd- Don’t worry-dd- Do your best and let it rest-dd- . To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders-dd- Lao Tzu . I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Let loose of what you can’t control-dd- Serenity will be yours-dd- . He is happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future-dd- Paul Boese . We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding-dd- Albert Einstein . When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace-dd- Jimi Hendrix . The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Our task must be to free ourselves by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and its beauty-dd- Albert Einstein . Time discovers truth-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Truth is a pathless land-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Seek truth and you will find a path-dd- Frank Slaughter . Adversity is the first path to truth-dd- Lord Byron . Falsehood is easy, truth so difficult-dd- George Eliot . Truth is on the side of the oppressed-dd- Malcolm X . The object of the superior man is truth-dd- Confucius . The truth is rarely pure and never simple-dd- Oscar Wilde . Be truthful, nature only sides with truth-dd- Adolf Loos . There is no truth-dd- There is only perception-dd- Gustave Flaubert . We have art in order not to die of the truth-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is-dd- Albert Camus . Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth-dd- Henry David Thoreau . We search something permanent, something that will last-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Seek not greatness, but seek truth and you will find both-dd- Horace Mann . To believe in something, and not to live it, is dishonest-dd- Mohandas Gandhi . If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything-dd- Mark Twain . In a time of deceit telling the truth is a revolutionary act-dd- George Orwell . The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it-dd- Ayn Rand . The truth will set you free, but first it will make you miserable-dd- James A-dd- Garfield . Do not love leisure-dd- Waste not a minute-dd- Be bold-dd- Realize the Truth, here and now-dd- Swami Sivananda . Truth is always new-dd- Truth is seeing a smile, a person, life, like if it was the first time-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . A man who is protecting himself constantly through knowledge is obviously not a truth-seeker-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter, and those who matter don’t mind-dd- Bernard M-dd- Baruch . Know thyself-dd- Socrates . Wisdom begins in wonder-dd- Socrates . If you judge, investigate-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Doubt grows with knowledge-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Everything popular is wrong-dd- Oscar Wilde . What you seek is seeking you-dd- Rumi . Observe all men, thyself most-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Doubt is the origin of wisdom-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Nature does nothing uselessly-dd- Aristotle . Listen to many, speak to a few-dd- William Shakespeare . A closed mouth catches no flies-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . Never confuse motion with action-dd- Benjamin Franklin . I’m wise because I’ve been foolish-dd- . Do what is right, not what is easy-dd- . Silence is true wisdom’s best reply-dd- Euripides . Wisdom comes only through suffering-dd- Aeschylus . A loving heart is the truest wisdom-dd- Charles Dickens . An overflow of good converts to bad-dd- William Shakespeare . To find yourself, think for yourself-dd- Socrates . My life is perfect even when it’s not-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . In teaching others we teach ourselves-dd- . Maturity comes with experience, not age-dd- . Pain is inevitable-dd- Suffering is optional-dd- Haruki Murakami . It is better to travel well than to arrive-dd- Buddha . What’s meant to be will always find a way-dd- . Love is too young to know what conscience is-dd- William Shakespeare . Wisely, and slow-dd- They stumble that run fast-dd- William Shakespeare . With wisdom, comes the desire for simplicity-dd- . Wise is he who collects the wisdom of others-dd- Juan Guerra Caceras . Nothing has more strength than dire necessity-dd- Euripides . He who would travel happily must travel light-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . When knowledge becomes rigid, it stops living-dd- Anselm Kiefer . Wealth is the ability to fully experience life-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Memory is the old, and it is afraid of the new-dd- Osho . Nothing external to you has any power over you-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Not being able to govern events, I govern myself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . The mind is everything-dd- What you think you become-dd- Buddha . Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . I don’t like that man-dd- I must get to know him better-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Complete abstinence is easier than perfect moderation-dd- Augustine of Hippo . When you give yourself, you receive more than you give-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . If you think you know the answer, you’re far from wise-dd- Trent Hamm . Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers-dd- Voltaire . We all make choices, but in the end our choices make us-dd- . I am not what happened to me, I am what I choose to become-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough-dd- Lao Tzu . He who knows, does not speak-dd- He who speaks, does not know-dd- Lao Tzu . The wisest man is generally he who thinks himself the least so-dd- Nicolas Baileau . Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have-dd- . Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know-dd- . As far as I’m concerned, I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue-dd- Albert Einstein . To become a spectator of one’s own life is to escape the suffering of life-dd- Oscar Wilde . A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool-dd- William Shakespeare . Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results-dd- Albert Einstein . Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect-dd- Mark Twain . Courage, dear heart-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . He who is brave is free-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . From caring comes courage-dd- Lao Tzu . Don’t stop until you’re proud-dd- . Courage doesn’t always roar-dd- Mary Anne Radmacher . What keeps me going is goals-dd- Muhammad Ali . Life is tough but so you are-dd- . Fortune and love favor the brave-dd- Ovid . I’m strong because I’ve been weak-dd- . The best way out is always through-dd- Robert Frost . There is no education like adversity-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . One man with courage makes a majority-dd- Andrew Jackson . I’m fearless because I’ve been afraid-dd- . The pain you feel now, will be a strength after some time-dd- . Diligence is the mother of good fortune-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Because of a great love, one is courageous-dd- Lao Tzu . Tough times never last, but tough people do-dd- . Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks-dd- Herodotus . He that can have patience can have what he will-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Rock bottom has built more heroes than privilege-dd- . I’ve never met a strong person with an easy past-dd- . Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Courage is like a muscle; it is strengthened by use-dd- Ruth Gordon . It doesn’t matter how slow you go as long as you don’t stop-dd- Confucius . Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life-dd- J-dd- K-dd- Rowling . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies-dd- Mother Teresa . The world breaks everyone, and afterwards many are strong at the broken places-dd- Ernest Hemingway . People cry, not because they’re weak-dd- It’s because they’ve been strong for too long-dd- Johnny Depp . Life is very interesting-dd- In the end, some of your greatest pains become your greatest strengths-dd- Drew Barrymore . Persevere and get it done-dd- George Allen Sr . Never, never, never give up-dd- Winston Churchill . Much effort, much prosperity-dd- Euripides . Slow and steady wins the race-dd- . How long should you try-qq- Until-dd- Jim Rohn . If you don’t ask, you don’t get-dd- Stevie Wonder . Nothing worth having comes easy-dd- . I will not walk backward in life-dd- J-dd- R-dd- R-dd- Tolkien . It’s pain that changes our lives-dd- Steve Martin . Our whole life is solving puzzles-dd- Erno Rubik . The struggle is part of the story-dd- . Persevere in virtue and diligence-dd- Plautus . Life is short and progress is slow-dd- Gabriel Lippmann . No great thing is created suddenly-dd- Epictetus . God helps those who help themselves-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Patience is the companion of wisdom-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Perseverance, secret of all triumphs-dd- Victor Hugo . Victory belongs to the most persevering-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . I’m a slow walker, but I never walk back-dd- Abraham Lincoln . In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity-dd- Albert Einstein . Never give up on the things that make you smile-dd- . He that can have patience can have what he will-dd- Benjamin Franklin . A lost battle is a battle one thinks one has lost-dd- Jean-Paul Sartre . Perseverance is a virtue that cannot be understated-dd- Bob Riley . The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step-dd- Lao Tzu . You may see me struggle, but you will never see me quit-dd- . Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th-dd- Julie Andrews . Thankfully, persistence is a great substitute for talent-dd- Steve Martin . You get credit for what you finished, not what you started-dd- . I was taught the way of progress is neither swift nor easy-dd- Marie Curie . Persistence is to the character of man as carbon is to steel-dd- Napoleon Hill . A man will fight harder for his interests than for his rights-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Anyone who has ever made anything of importance was disciplined-dd- Andrew Hendrixson . Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries-dd- James A-dd- Michener . Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles-dd- Charlie Chaplin . No matter how you feel, get up, dress up, show up and never give up-dd- . Don’t quit-dd- Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion-dd- Muhammad Ali . Difficult things take a long time, impossible things a little longer-dd- . It’s not that I’m so smart, it’s just that I stay with problems longer-dd- Albert Einstein . A river cuts through a rock not because of its power but its persistence-dd- . The will to persevere is often the difference between failure and success-dd- David Sarnoff . Ambition is the path to success-dd- Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in-dd- Bill Bradley . Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other-dd- Walter Elliot . Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success-dd- Napoleon Hill . Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did-dd- Newt Gingrich . It is the cheerful mind that is persevering-dd- It is the strong mind that hews its way through a thousand difficulties-dd- Swami Sivananda . Belief creates the actual fact-dd- William James . Believing requires action-dd- James E-dd- Faust . Prayer is man’s greatest power-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . To me faith means not worrying-dd- John Dewey . Set goals-dd- Say prayers-dd- Work hard-dd- . Faith is spiritualized imagination-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Empty yourself and let God fill you-dd- . God gives where he finds empty hands-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Faith is the quiet cousin of courage-dd- Judith Hanson Lasater . Faith makes things possible, not easy-dd- . In art as in love, instinct is enough-dd- Anatole France . A man of courage is also full of faith-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Faith: not wanting to know what is true-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Unless you believe, you will not understand-dd- Augustine of Hippo . I believe life takes us where we need to be-dd- Sasha Alexander . The Lord is greater than the giants you face-dd- John 4-dd-9 . If you’re praying about it-dd- God is working on it-dd- . Live your beliefs and you can turn the world around-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Prayer is to be in love, to be in love with the whole-dd- Osho . Do not pray for an easier life, pray to be a stronger man-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time-dd- Maya Angelou . Let life happen to you-dd- Believe me: life is in the right, always-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . Faith is believing in something when common sense tells you not to-dd- . We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Faith is taking the first step even when you don’t see the whole staircase-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Humor comes from self-confidence-dd- Rita Mae Brown . I think you should just go for it-dd- . We are always the same age inside-dd- Gertrude Stein . Trust is the greatest intelligence-dd- Osho . Confidence is one of the sexiest things-dd- Katherine Jenkins . You have to laugh, especially at yourself-dd- Madonna . Confidence is a stain they can’t wipe off-dd- Lil Wayne . All anything takes, really, is confidence-dd- Rachel Ward . Coffee in one hand-dd- Confidence in the other-dd- . Confidence comes from discipline and training-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . A certain death of an artist is overconfidence-dd- Robin Trower . Your energy introduces you before you even speak-dd- . Act as if what you do makes a difference-dd- It does-dd- William James . Confidence is contagious-dd- So is lack of confidence-dd- Vince Lombardi . As is our confidence, so is our capacity-dd- William Hazlitt . Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The most beautiful thing you can wear is confidence-dd- Blake Lively . Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love-dd- Brene Brown . Courage is a mean with regard to fear and confidence-dd- Aristotle . A tiger doesn’t lose sleep over the opinion of sheep-dd- . Stop doubting yourself, work hard and make it happen-dd- . With confidence, you have won before you have started-dd- Marcus Garvey . No one can make you feel inferior without your consent-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Confidence cannot find a place wherein to rest in safety-dd- Virgil . As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Confidence is the most important single factor in this game-dd- Jack Nicklaus . Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings-dd- Samuel Johnson . All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure-dd- Mark Twain . Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger-dd- Arnold Palmer . I’m always impressed by confidence, kindness and a sense of humor-dd- Tamara Mellon . Nothing builds self-esteem and self-confidence like accomplishment-dd- Thomas Carlyle . The hardest step she ever took was to blindly trust in who she was-dd- Atticus . Inaction breeds doubt and fear-dd- Action breeds confidence and courage-dd- Dale Carnegie . The circulation of confidence is better than the circulation of money-dd- James Madison . I have great faith in fools – self-confidence my friends will call it-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are-dd- Malcolm S-dd- Forbes . Confidence in the goodness of another is good proof of one’s own goodness-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Never bend your head-dd- Always hold it high-dd- Look the world straight in the face-dd- Helen Keller . Confidence is not ‘they will like me’-dd- Confidence is ‘I’ll be fine if they don’t’-dd- . I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right-dd- Muhammad Ali Jinnah . The more you know who you are and what you want, the less you let things upset you-dd- . My confidence comes from the daily grind – training my butt off day in and day out-dd- Hope Solo . A ‘No’ uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a ‘Yes’ merely uttered to please, or worse, to avoid trouble-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Go wild, for a while-dd- . Creativity takes courage-dd- Henri Matisse . An artist is an explorer-dd- Henri Matisse . Imagination rules the world-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Be anything but predictable-dd- . Creativity is not a competition-dd- . Zeal will do more than knowledge-dd- William Hazlitt . Pure logic is the ruin of the spirit-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Without freedom, there is no creation-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Creativity comes from a conflict of ideas-dd- Donatella Versace . The man who has no imagination has no wings-dd- Muhammad Ali . Be yourself; everyone else is already taken-dd- Oscar Wilde . The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt-dd- Sylvia Plath . The chief enemy of creativity is good sense-dd- Pablo Picasso . You were born an original, don’t die a copy-dd- . I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Name the greatest of all inventors-dd- Accident-dd- Mark Twain . Originality is nothing but judicious imitation-dd- Voltaire . Creativity is the greatest rebellion in existence-dd- Osho . Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative-dd- Oscar Wilde . I begin with an idea, and then it becomes something else-dd- Pablo Picasso . Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties-dd- Erich Fromm . Creativity – like human life itself – begins in darkness-dd- Julia Cameron . In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different-dd- Coco Chanel . Mystery is at the heart of creativity-dd- That, and surprise-dd- Julia Cameron . No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness-dd- Aristotle . A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament-dd- Oscar Wilde . The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses-dd- Edith Södergran . There is no innovation and creativity without failure-dd- Period-dd- Brene Brown . To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong-dd- Joseph Chilton Pearce . A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination-dd- Albert Einstein . If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist-dd- Pablo Picasso . It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation-dd- Herman Melville . Fashion’s not about looking back-dd- It’s always about looking forward-dd- Anna Wintour . The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind-dd- Albert Einstein . When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy-dd- Rumi . I never made one of my discoveries through the process of rational thinking-dd- Albert Einstein . If you want something you never had, you have to do something you’ve never done-dd- . Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes-dd- Art is knowing which ones to keep-dd- Scott Adams . The doer alone learneth-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Be curious-dd- Not judgmental-dd- Walt Whitman . Sometimes you win, sometimes you learn-dd- John Maxwell . They know enough who know how to learn-dd- Henry Adams . Life is trying things to see if they work-dd- . The only source of knowledge is experience-dd- Albert Einstein . Any fool can know-dd- The point is to understand-dd- Albert Einstein . I never learned from a man who agreed with me-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Change is the end result of all true learning-dd- Leo Buscaglia . The important thing is not to stop questioning-dd- Albert Einstein . The wise learns many things from their enemies-dd- Aristophanes . As long as you live, keep learning how to live-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Blessed are the curious for they shall have adventures-dd- . The most necessary learning is that which unlearns evil-dd- Antisthenes . I have no special talent-dd- I am only passionately curious-dd- Albert Einstein . I am learning all the time-dd- The tombstone will be my diploma-dd- Eartha Kitt . Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning-dd- Bill Gates . Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . It is only when we forget all our learning that we begin to know-dd- Henry David Thoreau . I like to listen-dd- I have learned a great deal from listening carefully-dd- Most people never listen-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Education is soul crafting-dd- Cornel West . Love is a better teacher than duty-dd- Albert Einstein . Nine tenths of education is encouragement-dd- Anatole France . Those who know how to think need no teachers-dd- Mohandas Gandhi . It is a wise father that knows his own child-dd- William Shakespeare . The highest result of education is tolerance-dd- Helen Keller . Teaching is the highest form of understanding-dd- Aristotle . A book is a dream that you hold in your hands-dd- Neil Gaiman . Nothing ever becomes real till it is experienced-dd- John Keats . A student of life considers the world a classroom-dd- Harvey Mackay . An investment in knowledge pays the best interest-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Don’t let schooling interfere with your education-dd- Mark Twain . Children have more need of models than of critics-dd- Carolyn Coats . Education is the ability to meet life’s situations-dd- Dr-dd- John G-dd- Hibben . If you think education is expensive, try ignorance-dd- Andy McIntyre . The great aim of education is not knowledge but action-dd- Herbert Spencer . A child educated only at school is an uneducated child-dd- George Santayana . Teachers open the door, but you must enter by yourself-dd- Chinese proverb . Be brave-dd- Take risks-dd- Nothing can substitute experience-dd- Paulo Coelho . Experience, travel-dd- These are an education in themselves-dd- Euripides . The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet-dd- Aristotle . There is no greater education than one that is self-driven-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Education is not filling a pail but the lighting of a fire-dd- William Butler Yeats . I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think-dd- Socrates . In this life, all you need is for someone to believe in you-dd- J-dd- R-dd- Martinez . Intelligence plus character – that is the goal of true education-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If you want happiness for a lifetime, help the next generation-dd- Chinese saying . The mind is not a vessel to be filled, but a fire to be kindled-dd- Plutarch . Education is not preparation for life; education is life itself-dd- John Dewey . Educate the children and it won’t be necessary to punish the men-dd- Pythagoras . The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page-dd- Augustine of Hippo . It’s not that hard to stay grounded-dd- It’s the way I was brought up-dd- Sidney Crosby . Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all-dd- Aristotle . Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world-dd- Nelson Mandela . To be successful in life what you need is education, not literacy and degrees-dd- Munshi Premchand . Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school-dd- Albert Einstein . If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them, and half as much money-dd- Abigail Van Buren . Work without love is slavery-dd- Mother Teresa . Don’t be busy, be productive-dd- . Forget shortcuts, work for it-dd- . Work to become, not to acquire-dd- . Well done is better than well said-dd- . Go the extra mile – it’s never crowded-dd- . You have to fight to reach your dream-dd- Lionel Messi . Do your duty today and repent tomorrow-dd- Mark Twain . What is once well done is done forever-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Don’t mistake activity with achievement-dd- John Wooden . All happiness depends on courage and work-dd- Honore de Balzac . You are not your resume, you are your work-dd- Seth Godin . Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds-dd- Gordon B-dd- Hinckley . Let the beauty of what you love be what you do-dd- Rumi . Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work-dd- Aristotle . I learned the value of hard work by working hard-dd- Margaret Mead . Work hard in silence-dd- Let success make the noise-dd- . Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen-dd- Conan O’Brien . Work until you no longer have to introduce yourself-dd- . The beginning is the most important part of the work-dd- Plato . The reward of one duty is the power to fulfill another-dd- George Eliot . Once you do something you love, you never have to work again-dd- Willie Hill . Nearly everything you do is of no importance, but it is important that you do it-dd- Mohandas Gandhi . Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Without work, all life goes rotten-dd- But when work is soulless, life stifles and dies-dd- Albert Camus . Never work just for money or power-dd- They won’t save your soul or help you sleep at night-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . Leadership is influence-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . One must steer, not talk-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . We rise by lifting others-dd- . A leader is a dealer in hope-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . To lead people walk behind them-dd- Lao Tzu . A good example is the best sermon-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm-dd- Publilius Syrus . The speed of the leader is the speed of the gang-dd- Mary Kay Ash . A ruler should be slow to punish and swift to reward-dd- Ovid . He who is not a good servant will not be a good master-dd- Plato . Each person must live their life as a model for others-dd- Rosa Parks . Leaders don’t create followers, they create more leaders-dd- Tom Peters . The strength of the group is the strength of the leaders-dd- Vince Lombardi . You don’t have to hold a position in order to be a leader-dd- Henry Ford . Build your reputation by helping other people build theirs-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality-dd- Warren Bennis . When you can’t make them see the light, make them feel the heat-dd- Ronald Reagan . Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . To be a leader, bring certainty, to an environment where there isn’t any-dd- Tony Robbins . Example is not the main thing in influencing others-dd- It is the only thing-dd- Albert Schweitzer . A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . May you live your life as if the maxim of your actions were to become universal law-dd- Immanuel Kant . If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader-dd- . Attitude is everything-dd- Charles Swindoll . Be groovy or leave, man-dd- Bob Dylan . A true man hates no one-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . What you are comes to you-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Who sows virtue reaps honor-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Don’t find fault, find a remedy-dd- Henry Ford . A great mind becomes a great fortune-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Humor is mankind’s greatest blessing-dd- Mark Twain . The greatest remedy for anger is delay-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none-dd- William Shakespeare . Showing off is the fool’s idea of glory-dd- Bruce Lee . Let’s not be narrow, nasty, and negative-dd- T-dd- S-dd- Eliot . Be someone who you would want to be around-dd- Craig Jarrow . Energy and persistence conquer all things-dd- Benjamin Franklin . A great man is always willing to be little-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Ethics is nothing else than reverence for life-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Humility is the solid foundation of all virtues-dd- Confucius . Goodness is the only investment that never fails-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Be true to your work, your word, and your friend-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough-dd- Bruce Lee . Knowledge will give you power, but character respect-dd- Bruce Lee . Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value-dd- Albert Einstein . Swallow your pride, you will not die, it’s not poison-dd- Bob Dylan . Attention is the rarest and purest form of generosity-dd- . Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference-dd- Winston Churchill . Don’t talk, act-dd- Don’t say, show-dd- Don’t promise, prove-dd- . Remind yourself that your task is to be a good human being-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Be careless in your dress if you will, but keep a tidy soul-dd- Mark Twain . Let us train our minds to desire what the situation demands-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Really great people make you feel that you, too, can become great-dd- Mark Twain . Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be-dd- Be one-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Being both soft and strong is a combination very few have mastered-dd- . The firm, the enduring, the simple, and the modest are near to virtue-dd- Confucius . Life is good when we think it’s good-dd- Life is bad when we don’t think-dd- Douglas Horton . Drop all your scientific attitudes-dd- Become a little more fluid, more melting, more merging-dd- Osho . Instead of asking ‘what do I want from life-qq-’, a more powerful question is, ‘what does life want from me-qq-’-dd- Eckhart Tolle . To hold a pen is to be at war-dd- Voltaire . Easy reading is damn hard writing-dd- Nathaniel Hawthorne . Write what should not be forgotten-dd- Isabel Allende . The first draft of anything is shit-dd- Ernest Hemingway . An author, behind his words, is naked-dd- Terri Guillemets . Tears are words that need to be written-dd- Paulo Coelho . If it sounds like writing, I rewrite it-dd- Elmore Leonard . Every writer I know has trouble writing-dd- Joseph Heller . The wastebasket is a writer’s best friend-dd- Isaac Bashevis Singer . A word after a word after a word is power-dd- Margaret Atwood . If I don’t write to empty my mind, I go mad-dd- Lord Byron . The best style is the style you don’t notice-dd- Somerset Maugham . Fill your paper with the breathings of your heart-dd- William Wordsworth . The scariest moment is always just before you start-dd- Stephen King . A professional writer is an amateur who didn’t quit-dd- Richard Bach . You must stay drunk on writing so reality cannot destroy you-dd- Ray Bradbury . One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple-dd- Jack Kerouac . We write to taste life twice, in the moment and in retrospect-dd- Anaïs Nin . The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe-dd- Gustave Flaubert . There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you-dd- Maya Angelou . There is no real ending-dd- It’s just the place where you stop the story-dd- Frank Herbert . Writing is an exploration-dd- You start from nothing and learn as you go-dd- E-dd- L-dd- Doctorow . The purpose of a writer is to keep civilization from destroying itself-dd- Albert Camus . The most beautiful things are those that madness prompts and reason writes-dd- André Gide . There is nothing to writing-dd- All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Write with conviction-dd- Pick a side and be bold-dd- And if you’re wrong, admit it-dd- Jeff Goins . Imagination is like a muscle-dd- I found out that the more I wrote, the bigger it got-dd- Philip Jose Farmer . We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . All you have to do is write one true sentence-dd- Write the truest sentence that you know-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Better to write for yourself and have no public, than to write for the public and have no self-dd- Cyril Connolly . Change before you have to-dd- Jack Welch . To say goodbye is to die a little-dd- Raymond Chandler . There is nothing so stable as change-dd- Bob Dylan . It is in changing that we find purpose-dd- Heraclitus . Every day is a chance to change your life-dd- . In a gentle way, you can shake the world-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Our only security is our ability to change-dd- John Lilly . Change your thoughts and you change your world-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change-dd- Stephen Hawking . No map is possible because life goes on changing-dd- Osho . If it doesn’t challenge you, it won’t change you-dd- . It is never too late to be what you might have been-dd- George Eliot . Change is not merely necessary to life – it is life-dd- Alvin Toffler . If you want to make enemies, try to change something-dd- Woodrow Wilson . Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be-dd- John Wooden . You affect your subconscious mind by verbal repetition-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . When you blame others, you give up your power to change-dd- Robert Anthony . It is not necessary to change-dd- Survival is not mandatory-dd- W-dd- Edwards Deming . Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often-dd- Winston Churchill . To change one’s life: Start immediately-dd- Do it flamboyantly-dd- William James . Only the new, accepted deeply and totally, can transform you-dd- Osho . No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world-dd- Robin Williams . Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Let your smile change the world, but don’t let the world change your smile-dd- . The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress-dd- Charles Kettering . To change the world I have to change myself, break away from my conditioning-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself-dd- Leo Tolstoy . You can’t start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one-dd- . The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do-dd- Steve Jobs . The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new-dd- Socrates . Much effort, much prosperity-dd- Euripides . Make your life a masterpiece-dd- Brian Tracy . Success is the child of audacity-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . The best revenge is massive success-dd- Franck Sinatra . A goal without a plan is just a wish-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . I never dream of success-dd- I worked for it-dd- Estee Lauder . The harder the battle the sweeter the victory-dd- Bob Marley . Action is the foundational key to all success-dd- Pablo Picasso . The secret of success is constancy of purpose-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . What you think today is what you live tomorrow-dd- Remez Sasson . Success is where preparation and opportunity meet-dd- Bobby Unser . Be content to act, and leave the talking to others-dd- Baltasar . Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom-dd- George S-dd- Patton . No one knows what to say in the loser’s locker room-dd- Muhammad Ali . If you have no critics you’ll likely have no success-dd- Malcolm X . Everybody pities the weak; jealousy you have to earn-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . The measure of success is happiness and peace of mind-dd- Bobby Davro . I couldn’t wait for success, so I went ahead without it-dd- Jonathan Winters . Start where you are-dd- Use what you have-dd- Do what you can-dd- Arthur Ashe . Before anything else, preparation is the key to success-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . Success is the accumulation of small advantages over time-dd- Aaron Lynn . The path to success is to take massive, determined action-dd- Tony Robbins . The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people-dd- Harvey S-dd- Firestone . Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do-dd- John R-dd- Wooden . I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have-dd- Thomas Jefferson . It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up-dd- Vince Lombardi . The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus-dd- Bruce Lee . I attribute my success to this – I never gave or took any excuse-dd- Florence Nightingale . My success isn’t a result of arrogance – it’s a result of belief-dd- Conor McGregor . Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out-dd- Robert Collier . I always wanted to be the best and to get the most out of myself-dd- Sidney Crosby . Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own-dd- Michelle Obama . Success is largely a matter of holding on after others have let go-dd- William Feather . Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it-dd- Henry David Thoreau . I want to be the best, so whatever comes with that, I’ll have to accept-dd- Sidney Crosby . Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day-dd- Jim Rohn . I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed-dd- Michael Jordan . Success is the ability to go from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm-dd- Winston Churchill . Fear and time are inseparable-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Fear is stupid-dd- So are regrets-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Where fear is, happiness is not-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Take every chance-dd- Drop every fear-dd- . Fear makes the wolf bigger than he is-dd- German proverb . Fear is the voice of the rational mind-dd- . Don’t let anyone ever dull your sparkle-dd- . Fear is destructive; love is a creative energy-dd- Osho . If it scares you, it might be a good thing to try-dd- Seth Godin . Limits, like fear, is often an illusion-dd- Michael Jordan . Fear tricks us into living a boring life-dd- Donald Miller . To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom-dd- Bertrand Russell . People living deeply have no fear of death-dd- Anaïs Nin . I’ll tell you what freedom is to me: no fear-dd- . Fear is temporary-dd- Regrets last forever-dd- . The only thing we have to fear is fear itself-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Thinking will not overcome fear but action will-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . Curiosity will conquer fear even more than bravery will-dd- James Stephens . The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear-dd- George Addair . Nothing in life is to be feared-dd- It is only to be understood-dd- Marie Curie . The mind that is always after explanations is an afraid mind-dd- Osho . Sometimes the fear won’t go away, so you’ll have to do it afraid-dd- . Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear-dd- Mark Twain . Fear has two meanings – Forget Everything And Run or Face Everything And Rise-dd- . Fear is the absence of love-dd- Do something with love, forget about fear-dd- If you love well, fear disappears-dd- Osho . Don’t worry, be happy-dd- Bobby McFerrin . Worry less, smile more-dd- . Pray, and let God worry-dd- Martin Luther . What worries you, masters you-dd- John Locke . Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . It’s ok to worry – it means you care-dd- . The sovereign cure for worry is prayer-dd- William James . Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow-dd- Swedish proverb . Most things I worry about never happen anyway-dd- Tom Petty . You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow-dd- Janis Joplin . I never worry about action, but only about inaction-dd- Winston Churchill . As a cure for worrying, work is better than whiskey-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work-dd- John Lubbock . The mind that is anxious about the future is miserable-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . I try not to worry about things I can’t do anything about-dd- Christopher Walken . Worry is a useless mulling over of things we cannot change-dd- Peace Pilgrim . We want predictability, even though it’s impossible to get-dd- Henri Junttila . The problem is that worrying doesn’t actually solve anything-dd- Celestine Chua . Let our advance worrying become advance thinking and planning-dd- Winston Churchill . Throw off your worries when you throw off your clothes at night-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy-dd- Leo Buscaglia . My life has been full of terrible misfortunes most of which never happened-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Worry is like a rocking chair: it gives you something to do but never gets you anywhere-dd- Erma Bombeck . Stumbling is not falling-dd- Malcolm X . I’ll be ok-dd- Just not today-dd- . Turn your wounds into wisdom-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Better an ‘oops’ than a ‘what if’-dd- . Failure’s a natural part of life-dd- John Malkovich . Giving up is the greatest failure-dd- Jack Ma . Not failure, but low aim, is crime-dd- James Russell Lowell . If you never try you’ll never know-dd- . I never lose-dd- Either I win or I learn-dd- . Mistakes are the portals of discovery-dd- James Joyce . Avoiding failure is to avoid progress-dd- . My reputation grows with every failure-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Failure is success if we learn from it-dd- Malcolm Forbes . Reward worthy failure – experimentation-dd- Bill Gates . Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street-dd- Zig Ziglar . Experience is the name we give to our mistakes-dd- Oscar Wilde . Remember that failure is an event, not a person-dd- Zig Ziglar . There are no mistakes or failures, only lessons-dd- Denis Waitley . Fear of failure has always been my best motivator-dd- Douglas Wood . Failure is not falling down but refusing to get up-dd- Chinese proverb . You have to be able to accept failure to get better-dd- LeBron James . Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be-dd- John Wooden . There are some defeats more triumphant than victories-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor-dd- Truman Capote . Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble-dd- Shahrukh Khan . The sooner you fail, the less afraid you are to fail again-dd- Brendan Baker . Error is just as important a condition of life as truth-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . Once you can accept failure, you can have fun and success-dd- Rickey Henderson . Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding-dd- Burt Rutan . Ambitious failure, magnificent failure, is a very good thing-dd- Guy Kawasaki . Do not fear mistakes-dd- You will know failure-dd- Continue to reach out-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood-dd- Helen Keller . The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . You get knocked down, you get up, brush yourself off, and you get back to work-dd- Barack Obama . I’d rather be a failure at something I love than a success at something I hate-dd- George Burns . The only failure one should fear, is not hugging to the purpose they see as best-dd- George Eliot . Regrets belong to the past-dd- Marlon Brando . Life’s too short for regrets-dd- Nicholas Hoult . Remorse is the poison of life-dd- Charlotte Bronte . You will never regret being kind-dd- . My head has got regrets, but I haven’t-dd- Frank Bruno . There are no regrets in life, just lessons-dd- Jennifer Aniston . Never regret something that made you smile-dd- . Regret for wasted time is more wasted time-dd- Mason Cooley . Fear is only temporary-dd- Regrets last forever-dd- . Regrets are ridiculous, so I don’t regret, no-dd- Nicole Kidman . Regrets are the natural property of grey hairs-dd- Charles Dickens . I have often regretted my speech, never my silence-dd- Publilius Syrus . In the end, we only regret the chances we didn’t take-dd- . Never look back unless you are planning to go that way-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams-dd- John Barrymore . Never make permanent decisions based on temporary feelings-dd- . Before it’s too late, tell them everything you’ve ever wanted to say-dd- . Never regret anything because one time it was exactly what you wanted-dd- . I don’t regret a thing I’ve done-dd- I only regret the things I didn’t do-dd- Ingrid Bergman . Be so good they can’t ignore you-dd- Steve Martin . Be happy-dd- It drives people crazy-dd- . Silence is the best reply to a fool-dd- . The haters always scream the loudest-dd- Tucker Max . They told me I couldn’t-dd- That’s why I did-dd- . I don’t have to be what you want me to be-dd- Muhammad Ali . Your opinion of me doesn’t define who I am-dd- . Hustle until your haters ask if you’re hiring-dd- . Learn not to give a fuck, you will be happier-dd- . To refrain from imitation is the best revenge-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Have you ever met a hater doing better than you-qq- . I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends-dd- Abraham Lincoln . You never look good trying to make someone look bad-dd- . Ask for help, they laugh-dd- Do it yourself, they hate-dd- . Haters keep on hating, cause somebody’s gotta do it-dd- Chris Brown . Always forgive your enemies-dd- Nothing annoys them so much-dd- Oscar Wilde . Your love makes me strong, your hate makes me unstoppable-dd- Cristiano Ronaldo . If they don’t know you personally, don’t take it personal-dd- . You pick up some fans and a handful of haters along the way-dd- Bruno Mars . The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Dear haters, I’m flattered that I’m a trending topic in your life-dd- . Whenever you are confronted with an opponent-dd- Conquer him with love-dd- Mohandas Gandhi . Don’t worry about those who talk behind your back, they’re behind you for a reason-dd- . A hater is nothing but a fan-dd- They just don’t know how to express it in positive way-dd- Bar Refaeli . Haters don’t really hate you, they hate themselves-dd- You’re a reflection of what they wish to be-dd- . I’m thankful for all those difficult people in my life, they have shown me exactly who I don’t want to be-dd- . Doubts are death-dd- Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . Inactivity is death-dd- Benito Mussolini . Security is a kind of death-dd- Tennessee Williams . My life, my death, my choice-dd- Terry Pratchett . Death is a debt we all must pay-dd- Euripides . Death is the final wake-up call-dd- Douglas Horton . Death, only, renders hope futile-dd- Edgar Rice Burroughs . Every man dies-dd- Not every man lives-dd- William Wallace . Death is the beginning of something-dd- Edith Piaf . Our business is with life, not death-dd- George Wald . I don’t want to die without any scars-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Death is a distant rumor to the young-dd- Andrew A-dd- Rooney . Death is just life’s next big adventure-dd- J-dd- K-dd- Rowling . Enjoy life now – one day you’ll be dead-dd- . He who doesn’t fear death dies only once-dd- Giovanni Falcone . Grief does not change you, it reveals you-dd- John Green . Death is frightening, and so is Eternal Life-dd- Mason Cooley . The idea is to die young as late as possible-dd- Ashley Montagu . I would rather die of passion than of boredom-dd- Vincent van Gogh . You cannot save people, you can only love them-dd- . I feel monotony and death to be almost the same-dd- Charlotte Bronte . If by my life or death I can protect you, I will-dd- J-dd- R-dd- R-dd- Tolkien . Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion of death-dd- Coco Chanel . A man who won’t die for something is not fit to live-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time-dd- Mark Twain . Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life-dd- Bertolt Brecht . The death of something can become your greatest strength-dd- . A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it-dd- Oscar Wilde . Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely-dd- Buddha . I have no fear of death-dd- More important, I don’t fear life-dd- Steven Seagal . Our dead are never dead to us, until we have forgotten them-dd- George Eliot . My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning-dd- Huey Newton . Don’t take life too seriously-dd- You’ll never get out of it alive-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Death is the only pure, beautiful conclusion of a great passion-dd- D-dd- H-dd- Lawrence . Take care of your life and the Lord will take care of your death-dd- George Whitefield . To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . If life must not be taken too seriously, then so neither must death-dd- Samuel Butler . It is not death or pain that is to be dreaded, but the fear of pain or death-dd- Epictetus . It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . We all die-dd- The goal isn’t to live forever, the goal is to create something that will-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Life is too short to wait-dd- . Life is too short to worry-dd- . Well, you and I only have one life-dd- . Life is too short to be little-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Life is too short to be serious-dd- . Life is too short to be miserable-dd- Rita Mae Brown . Life is too short not to experiment-dd- Jamelia . Life is short-dd- Do stuff that matters-dd- . Life is too short to even care at all-dd- . Life is a one-time offer-dd- Use it well-dd- . Smile-dd- Life is too short to be unhappy-dd- . Don’t wait-dd- Life goes faster than you think-dd- . Time flies, whether you’re wasting it or not-dd- Crystal Woods . Go for it now-dd- The future is promised to no one-dd- Wayne Dyer . Expect an early death – it will keep you busier-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . Life is short-dd- Smile while you still have teeth-dd- . Life is too short to spend it at war with yourself-dd- . Life is so, so short-dd- Bible says it’s like a vapor-dd- Muhammad Ali . Life is too short to harbor any hostilities towards anybody-dd- Peabo Bryson . Holding a grudge is letting someone live rent-free in your head-dd- . Be patient and understanding-dd- Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious-dd- Phillips Brooks . Life is too short to hide your feelings-dd- Don’t be afraid to say what you feel-dd- . Life is so short, so beautiful-dd- Don’t be so serious about the work-dd- Enjoy the life-dd- Jack Ma . Life is too short to worry about stupid things-dd- Have fun-dd- Regret nothing, and don’t let people bring you down-dd- . 