Once you choose hope, anything’s possible-dd- Christopher Reeve . We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Everything that is done in this world is done by hope-dd- Martin Luther . I dwell in possibility-dd- Emily Dickinson . May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears-dd- Nelson Mandela . It is because of hope that you suffer-dd- It is through hope that you’ll change things-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness-dd- Desmond Tutu . Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet-dd- Aristotle . There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . Every cloud has a silver lining-dd- John Milson . While there’s life, there’s hope-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . The darkest hours are just before dawn-dd- English proverb . I don’t think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains-dd- Anne Frank . Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall-dd- Confucius . Only in the darkness can you see the stars-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Our future is our confidence and self-esteem-dd- Tupac . In all things it is better to hope than to despair-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Walk on with hope in your heart, and you’ll never walk alone-dd- Shah Rukh Khan . There is nothing like a dream to create the future-dd- Victor Hugo . Carve a tunnel of hope through the dark mountain of disappointment-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If you want to build a ship, don’t herd people together to collect wood and don’t assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Hope never abandons you, you abandon it-dd- George Weinberg . Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all-dd- Dale Carnegie . However bad life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at-dd- Where there’s life, there’s hope-dd- Stephen Hawking . Hope is a good thing, maybe even the best of things, and good things never die-dd- Andy Dufresne (Shawshank Redemption) . Hope means hoping when things are hopeless, or it is no virtue at all… As long as matters are really hopeful, hope is mere flattery or platitude; it is only when everything is hopeless that hope begins to be a strength-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . In the unlikely story that is America, there has never been anything false about hope-dd- Barack Obama . Hope is but the dream of those who wake-dd- Matthew Prior . I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest-dd- I do not judge the universe-dd- Dalai Lama . I am prepared for the worst, but hope for the best-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Far away there in the sunshine are my highest aspirations-dd- I may not reach them but I can look up and see their beauty, believe in them, and try to follow them-dd- Louisa May Alcott . Find the seed at the bottom of your heart and bring forth a flower-dd- Shigenori Kameoka . Ever since happiness heard your name, it has been running through the streets trying to find you-dd- Hafiz of Persia . Hang on to your hat-dd- Hang on to your hope-dd- And wind the clock, for tomorrow is another day-dd- E-dd-B-dd- White . All human eyes have longing in them-dd- Ernesto Cardenal . Where there is no vision, there is no hope-dd- George Washington Carver (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Hope is passion for what is possible-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . Hope is a​n embrace of the unknown​-dd- Rebecca Solnit . Hope is outreaching desire with expectancy of good-dd- It is a characteristic of all living beings-dd- Edward S-dd- Ame . Hope is a renewable option: If you run out of it at the end of the day, you get to start over in the morning-dd- Barbara Kingsolver . Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul and sings the tune without the words and never stops at all-dd- Emily Dickinson . Hope is the power of being cheerful in circumstances that we know to be desperate-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . Hope is one of the principal springs that keep mankind in motion-dd- Thomas Fuller . It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop-dd- Confucius . Keep your face to the sun and you will never see the shadows-dd- Helen Keller . You must not lose faith in humanity-dd- Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . I am fundamentally an optimist-dd- Whether that comes from nature or nurture, I cannot say-dd- Part of being optimistic is keeping one’s head pointed toward the sun, one’s feet moving forward-dd- Nelson Mandela . You will face many defeats in your life, but never let yourself be defeated-dd- Maya Angelou . Shoot for the moon-dd- Even if you miss, you’ll land among the stars-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope-dd- Aristotle . Hope is the poor man’s bread-dd- Gary Herbert . Hope is a waking dream-dd- Aristotle . To live without hope is to cease to live-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Don’t ever let somebody tell you you can’t do something-dd- Not even me-dd- Chris Gardner (Will Smith in the movie The Pursuit Of Happyness) . Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose-dd- You are already naked-dd- There is no reason not to follow your heart-dd- Steve Jobs . There is a saying in Tibetan, “Tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength”-dd- No matter what sort of difficulties, how painful experience is, if we lose our hope, that’s our real disaster-dd- Dalai Lama . When you’re at the end of your rope, tie a knot and hold on-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . All the interests of my reason, speculative as well as practical, combine in the three following questions: 1-dd- What can I know-qq- 2-dd- What ought I to do-qq- 3-dd- What may I hope-qq- Immanuel Kant . This new day is too dear, with its hopes and invitations, to waste a moment on the yesterdays-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up-dd- Thomas Edison . The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity-dd- The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty-dd- Winston Churchill . In the end, that’s what this election is about-dd- Do we participate in a politics of cynicism or a politics of hope-qq- Barack Obama . The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something-dd- Don’t wait for good things to happen to you-dd- If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, you will fill yourself with hope-dd- Barack Obama . If you lose hope, somehow you lose the vitality that keeps moving, you lose that courage to be, that quality that helps you go on in spite of it all-dd- And so today I still have a dream-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . You get in life what you have the courage to ask for-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Hope is such a beautiful word, but it often seems very fragile-dd- Life is still being needlessly hurt and destroyed-dd- Michael Jackson . The miserable have no other medicine, but only hope-dd- William Shakespeare . Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow-dd- The important thing is not to stop questioning-dd- Albert Einstein . Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts-dd- Winston S-dd- Churchill . If you are going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston S-dd- Churchill . For every dark night there’s a brighter day-dd- Tupac . Kid, you’ll move mountains-xx- Dr-dd- Seuss . Hope is the last thing ever lost-dd- Italian proverb . A leader is a dealer in hope-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Yes we can-xx- Barack Obama . Hope and change are hard-fought things-dd- Michelle Obama . A drowning man will clutch at a straw-dd- Sir Thomas More . Hope springs eternal in the human breast-dd- Alexander Pope . What we do now echoes in eternity-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Injustice never rules forever-dd- Seneca . Oft hope is born when all is forlorn-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . Hope is medicine for a soul that’s sick and tired-dd- Eric Swensson . Hope can get you through anything-dd- Jamie Ford . We must pass through the darkness, to reach the light-dd- Albert Pike . Hope is a passion for the possible-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . This is where it all begins-dd- Everything starts here, today-dd- David Nicholls . Hope costs nothing-dd- Colette . Hope is a verb with its shirtsleeves rolled up-dd- David Orr . Hope keeps you alive-dd- Lauren Olive . I accept the universe-xx- Margaret Fuller . All things are difficult before they are easy-dd- Thomas Fuller . I inhale hope with every breath I take-dd- Sharon Kay Penman . However long the night, the dawn will break-dd- African proverb . Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future-dd- Robert H-dd- Schuller . We swallowed the chaos because we knew we didn’t want to be ordinary-dd- Robert M-dd- Drake . A sobering thought: what if, at this very moment, I am living up to my full potential-qq- Jane Wagner . Hope is the only universal liar who never loses his reputation for veracity-dd- Robert G-dd- Ingersoll . You are not here merely to make a living-dd- You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement-dd- You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand-dd- Woodrow Wilson . Hope is that thing inside us that insists, despite all the evidence to the contrary, that something better awaits us if we have the courage to reach for it and to work for it and to fight for it-dd- Barack Obama . You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore-dd- William Faulkner . Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear-dd- If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Hope itself is like a star – not to be seen in the sunshine of prosperity, and only to be discovered in the night of adversity-dd- Charles Haddon Spurgeon . Hope is the companion of power, and mother of success; for who so hopes strongly has within him the gift of miracles-dd- Samuel Smiles . Part 1-dd- Do not depend on the hope of results-dd- You may have to face the fact that your work will be apparently worthless and even achieve no result at all, if not perhaps results opposite to what you expect-dd- Thomas Merton . Part 2-dd- As you get used to this idea, you start more and more to concentrate not on the results, but on the value, the rightness, the truth of the work itself-dd- You gradually struggle less and less for an idea and more and more for specific people-dd- In the end, it is the reality of personal relationship that saves everything-dd- Thomas Merton . The best we can hope for in this life is a knothole peek at the shining realities ahead-dd- Yet a glimpse is enough-dd- It’s enough to convince our hearts that whatever sufferings and sorrows currently assail us aren’t worthy of comparison to that which waits over the horizon-dd- Joni Eareckson Tada . Lord, make me an instrument of your peace; where there is hatred, let me sow love; where there is injury, pardon; where there is doubt, faith; where there is despair, hope; where there is darkness, light; and where there is sadness, joy-dd- Francis of Assisi . You are full of unshaped dreams… You are laden with beginnings… There is hope in you… Lola Ridge . Children are the world’s most valuable resource and its best hope for the future-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . A person can do incredible things if he or she has enough hope-dd- Shannon K-dd- Butcher . Hope has a cost-dd- Hope is not comfortable or easy-dd- Hope requires personal risk-dd- It is not about the right attitude-dd- Hope is not about peace of mind-dd- Hope is action-dd- Hope is doing something-dd- The more futile, the more useless, the more irrelevant and incomprehensible an act of rebellion is, the vaster and more potent hope becomes-dd- Chris Hedges . I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge-dd- That myth is more potent than history-dd- That dreams are more powerful than facts-dd- That hope always triumphs over experience-dd- That laughter is the only cure for grief-dd- And I believe that love is stronger than death-dd- Robert Fulghum . It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow-dd- Robert H-dd- Goddard . Rosa sat so Martin could walk, Martin walked so Barack could run, Barack ran so we all can fly-dd- Unknown . I have learned to use the word impossible with the greatest caution-dd- Werner von Braun . We need never be hopeless because we can never be irreperably broken-dd- John Green . A strong mind always hopes, and has always cause to hope-dd- Thomas Carlyle . If winter comes, can spring be far behind-qq- Percy Bysshe Shelley . Hope and reality lie in inverse proportions-dd- Jodi Picoult . The best bridge between despair and hope is a good night’s sleep-dd- E-dd- Joseph Cossman . To hear the phrase “our only hope” always makes one anxious, because it means that if the only hope doesn’t work, there is nothing left-dd- Lemony Snicket . Fairy tales do not tell children the dragons exist-dd- Children already know that dragons exist-dd- Fairy tales tell children the dragons can be killed-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . People without hope not only don’t write novels, but what is more to the point, they don’t read them-dd- Flannery O’Connor . Got no check books, got no banks-dd- Still I’d like to express my thanks – I got the sun in the morning and the moon at night-dd- Irving Berlin . You might think I lost all hope at that point-dd- I did-dd- And as a result I perked up and felt much better-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . Think left and think right and think low and think high-dd- Oh, the things you can think up if only you try-xx- Dr-dd- Seuss . Fear grows in darkness; if you think there’s a bogeyman around, turn on the light-dd- Dorothy Thompson . To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Look at how a single candle can both defy and define the darkness-dd- Anne Frank . Hope is a good breakfast but a bad supper-dd- W-dd- Rawley . In reality, hope is the worst of all evils, because it prolongs man’s torments-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer-dd- Albert Camus . A man devoid of hope and conscious of being so has ceased to belong to the future-dd- Albert Camus . Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us-dd- Samuel Smiles . What oxygen is to the lungs, such is hope to the meaning of life-dd- Emil Brunner . Sanity may be madness but the maddest of all is to see life as it is and not as it should be-dd- Don Quixote . There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow-dd- O-dd- S-dd- Marden . Hope is definitely not the same thing as optimism-dd- It is not the conviction that something will turn out well, but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out-dd- Vaclav Havel . The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds-dd- Will Durant . Hope is like a road in the country; there was never a road, but when many people walk on it, the road comes into existence-dd- Lin Yutang . Of all ills that one endures, hope is a cheap and universal cure-dd- Abraham Cowley . He who has never hoped can never despair-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Hope rises like a phoenix from the ashes of shattered dreams-dd- S-dd-A-dd- Sachs . Hope is the only bee that makes honey without flowers-dd- Robert Ingersoll . To eat bread without hope is still slowly to starve to death-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Repentance is another name for aspiration-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . We promise according to our hopes and perform according to our fears-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . The oil of hope makes life’s machinery run smoothly-dd- James Lendall Basford . In the hopes of reaching the moon men fail to see the flowers that blossom at their feet-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Without hope, there is no despair-dd- There is only meaningless suffering-dd- D-dd- Morgenstern . Faith goes up the stairs that love has built and looks out the windows which hope has opened-dd- Charles Haddon Spurgeon . By perseverance the snail reached the ark-dd- Charles Haddon Spurgeon . In an age of hope, men looked up at the night sky and saw “the heavens-dd-” In an age of hopelessness, they call it simply “space”-dd- Peter Kreeft . Sadness is but a wall between two gardens-dd- Kahlil Gibran . You’ll stop hurting when you stop hoping-dd- Guillaume Musso . It is the first purpose of hope to make hopelessness bearable-dd- Robert Brault . Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future-dd- Robert H-dd- Schuller . What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise-dd- Oscar Wilde . Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear-dd- If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Critical thinking without hope is cynicism-dd- Hope without critical thinking is naïveté-dd- Maria Popova . Hope is not a strategy-dd- Luck is not a factor-dd- Fear is not an option-dd- James Cameron . When you stop hoping you start settling-dd- Valorie Burton . Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for-dd- Epicurus . The natural flights of the human mind are not from pleasure to pleasure but from hope to hope-dd- Samuel Johnson . He who has health has hope, and he who has hope has everything-dd- Proverb . The very existence of libraries affords the best evidence that we may yet have hope for the future of man-dd- T-dd-S-dd- Eliot . Consult not your fears but your hopes and dreams-dd- Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential-dd- Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what is still possible for you to do-dd- Pope John XXIII . Hope itself is a species of happiness, and, perhaps, the chief happiness which this world affords; but, like all other pleasures immoderately enjoyed, the excesses of hope must be expiated by pain-dd- Samuel Johnson . A lesson for all of us is that for every loss, there is victory, for every sadness, there is joy, and when you think you’ve lost everything, there is hope-dd- Geraldine Solon . The difference between hope and despair is a different way of telling stories from the same facts-dd- Alain de Botton . To wish was to hope, and to hope was to expect-dd- Jane Austen . Live, then, and be happy, beloved children of my heart, and never forget, that until the day God will deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is contained in these two words, “Wait and Hope”-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Scared and sacred are spelled with the same letters-dd- Awful proceeds from the same root word as awesome-dd- Terrify and terrific-dd- Every negative experience holds the seed of transformation-dd- Alan Cohen . All the great spiritual leaders in history were people of hope-dd- Abraham, Moses, Ruth, Mary, Jesus, Rumi, Gandhi, and Dorothy Day all lived with a promise in their hearts that guided them toward the future without the need to know exactly what it would look like-dd- Henri Nouwen . Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible-dd- William Sloane Coffin . Never give out while there is hope; but hope not beyond reason, for that shows more desire than judgment-dd- William Penn . There is no hope unmingled with fear, and no fear unmingled with hope-dd- Baruch Spinoza . Things start out as hopes and end up as habits-dd- Lillian Hellman . If it were not for hope, the heart would break-dd- Thomas Fuller . Remember that guy that gave up-qq- Neither does anyone else-dd- Unknown . Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . Never give up on something that you can’t go a day without thinking about-dd- Winston Churchill . Never give up-dd- Expect only the best from life and take action to get it-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . As long as we have hope, we have direction, the energy to move, and the map to move by-dd- Lao Tzu . To sit patiently with a yearning that has not yet been fulfilled, and to trust that, that fulfillment will come, is quite possibly one of the most powerful ‘magic skills’ that human beings are capable of-dd- It has been noted by almost every ancient wisdom tradition-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope-dd- Alexandre Dumas . When you get into a tight place and everything goes against you, till it seems as though you could not hang on a minute longer, never give up then, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn-dd- Harriet Beecher Stowe . What you need is to recognize the possibilities and challenges offered by the present moment, and to embrace them with courage, faith, and hope-dd- Thomas Merton . Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries-dd- James A-dd- Michener . I knew life began where I stood in the dark, looking out into the light-dd- Yusef Komunyakaa . Patience and fortitude conquer all things-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Not to give up under any circumstances should be the motto of our life: we shall try again and again, and we are bound to succeed-dd- There will be obstacles, but we have to defy them-dd- […] The goal is ahead of you-dd- If you do not give up, you are bound to reach your destined goal-dd- Sri Chinmoy . No matter where you are on your journey, that’s exactly where you need to be-dd- The next road is always ahead-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Courage, it would seem, is nothing less than the power to overcome danger, misfortune, fear, injustice, while continuing to affirm inwardly that life with all its sorrows is good; that everything is meaningful even if in a sense beyond our understanding; and that there is always tomorrow-dd- Dorothy Thompson . We are made to persist-dd- That’s how we find out who we are-dd- Tobias Wolff . There are far, far better things ahead than anything we leave behind-dd- C-dd- S-dd- Lewis . Never deprive someone of hope; it may be all they have-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr . When the world says “give up”, hope whispers try it one more time-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Out of difficulties grow miracles-dd- Jean De La Bruyère . The fewer the words, the better the prayer-dd- Martin Luther . Prayer is man’s greatest power-xx- W-dd- Clement Stone . Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . I have so much to do that I shall spend the first three hours in prayer-dd- Martin Luther . Whether you’ve seen angels floating around your bedroom or just found a ray of hope at a lonely moment, choosing to believe that something unseen is caring for you can be a life-shifting exercise-dd- Martha Beck . Religion is the resolute following of the star of hope through triumphs and tragedies of time-dd- A-dd- Eustace Haydon . Life is meaningless only if we allow it to be-dd- Each of us has the power to give life meaning, to make our time and our bodies and our words into instruments of love and hope-dd- Tom Head . Many things are possible for the person who has hope-dd- Even more is possible for the person who has faith-dd- And still more is possible for the person who knows how to love-dd- But everything is possible for the person who practices all three virtues-dd- Brother Lawrence . I know you’re tired but come, this is the way-dd- Rumi . Hope sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible-dd- Helen Keller . Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies-dd- Mother TeresaPrayer is where the action is-dd- John Wesley . The word hope I take for faith; and indeed hope is nothing else but the constancy of faith-dd- John Calvin . Is prayer your steering wheel or your spare tire-qq- Corrie ten Boom . Dear Jesus, do something-dd- Vladimir Nabokov . A baby is God’s opinion that the world should go on-dd- Carl Sandburg . Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them-dd- Vincent McNabb . Without Christ there is no hope-dd- Charles Haddon Spurgeon . Christ showed us hope transformed into sacrificial love-dd- Chuck Colson . Hope is the word which God has written on the brow of every man-dd- Victor Hugo . We should ask God to increase our hope when it is small, awaken it when it is dormant, confirm it when it is wavering, strengthen it when it is weak, and raise it up when it is overthrown-dd- John Calvin Make your own Bible-dd- Select and collect all the words and sentences that in all your readings have been to you like the blast of a trumpet-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God-dd- Corrie Ten Boom Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, says the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil, to give you a future and a hope-dd- Jeremiah 29:11 . So now faith, hope, and love abide, these three; but the greatest of these is love-dd- 1 Corinthians 13:13 . Having hope will give you courage-dd- You will be protected and will rest in safety-dd- Job 11:18 . Where there’s life, there’s hope-dd- Theocritus . Me and you, we got more yesterday than anybody-dd- We need some kind of tomorrow-dd- Toni Morrison . Life without idealism is empty indeed-dd- We just hope or starve to death-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Keep your best wishes close to your heart and watch what happens-dd- Tony DeLiso . The chance to love and be loved exists no matter where you are-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Courage is like love; it must have hope for nourishment-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being-dd- Albert Schweitzer . We always kept in our hearts the most noble, beautiful feeling that sets human beings apart: hope-dd- Manel Loureiro . We live by hope-dd- We do not always get all we want when we want it-dd- But we have to believe that someday, somehow, some way, it will be better and that we can make it so-dd- Hubert H-dd- Humphrey . Savor life: don’t just breathe it in; exhale the moment to intake the next-dd- KC Rhoads . It was stupid to hope, she knew-dd- But sometimes hope was all you had-dd- Cassandra Clare . The hope you feel when you are in love is not necessarily for anything in particular-dd- Love brings something inside you to life-dd- Perhaps it is just the full dimensionality of your own capacity to feel that returns-dd- Susan Griffin . They say a person needs just three things to be truly happy in this world: someone to love, something to do, and something to hope for-dd- Tom Bodett . The very least you can do in your life is figure out what you hope for-dd- And the most you can do is live inside that hope-dd- Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof-dd- Barbara Kingsolver . Hope is both the earliest and the most indispensable virtue inherent in the state of being alive-dd- If life is to be sustained hope must remain, even where confidence is wounded, trust impaired-dd- Erik H-dd- Erikson . Love without hope will not survive-dd- Love without faith changes nothing-dd- Love gives power to hope and faith-dd- Toba Beta . In joined hands there is still some token of hope, in the clinched fist none-dd- Victor Hugo . Love recognizes no barriers-dd- It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope-dd- Maya Angelou . If you can love someone with your whole heart, even one person, then there’s salvation in life-dd- Even if you can’t get together with that person-dd- Haruki Murakami . The capacity for hope is the most significant fact of life-dd- It provides human beings with a sense of destination and the energy to get started-dd- Norman Cousins . In each family a story is playing itself out, and each family’s story embodies its hope and despair-dd- Auguste Napier . My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry; to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return-dd- Maya Angelou . It is hope that gives life meaning-dd- And hope is based on the prospect of being able one day to turn the actual world into a possible one that looks better-dd- François Jacob . How far would you go to keep the hope of love alive-qq- Nicholas Sparks . One lives in the hope of becoming a memory-dd- Antonio Porchia . While the heart beats, hope lingers-dd- Alison Croggon . Hopeful, we are halfway to where we want to go; hopeless, we are lost forever-dd- Lao Tzu . Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden-dd- Cormac McCarthy . Two words will help you cope when you run low on hope: accept and trust-dd- Charles R-dd- Swindoll . Never lose hope-dd- Storms make people stronger and never last forever-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . When you have lost hope, you have lost everything-dd- And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope-dd- Pittacus Lore . That was all a man needed: hope-dd- It was lack of hope that discouraged a man-dd- Charles Bukowski . We dream to give ourselves hope-dd- To stop dreaming – well, that’s like saying you can never change your fate-dd- Amy Tan . Hope can be a powerful force-dd- Maybe there’s no actual magic in it, but when you know what you hope for most and hold it like a light within you, you can make things happen, almost like magic-dd- Laini Taylor . I have learned two lessons in my life: first, there are no sufficient literary, psychological, or historical answers to human tragedy, only moral ones-dd- Second, just as despair can come to one another only from other human beings, hope, too, can be given to one only by other human beings-dd- Elie Wiesel . The value of another’s experience is to give us hope, not to tell us how or whether to proceed-dd- Peter Block . Strange as it may seem, I still hope for the best, even though the best, like an interesting piece of mail, so rarely arrives, and even when it does it can be lost so easily-dd- Lemony Snicket . Even in the mud and scum of things, something always, always sings-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Never talk defeat-dd- Use words like hope, belief, faith, victory-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . It’s the possibility that keeps me going, not the guarantee-dd- Nicholas Sparks . Audacity augments courage; hesitation, fear-dd- Publilius Syrus . The first quality that is needed is audacity-dd- Winston Churchill . Where there is no hope, it is incumbent on us to invent it-dd- Albert Camus . Faith has to do with things that are not seen and hope with things that are not at hand-dd- Thomas Aquinas . Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come-dd- Anne Lamott . Hope is sweet-minded and sweet-eyed-dd- It draws pictures; it weaves fancies; it fills the future with delight-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . As long as there is one upright man, as long as there is one compassionate woman, the contagion may spread and the scene is not desolate-dd- Hope is the thing that is left to us, in a bad time-dd- E-dd-B-dd- White . There is nothing more majestic than the determined courage of individuals willing to suffer and sacrifice for their freedom and dignity-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you-dd- You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing we call “failure” is not the falling down, but the staying down-dd- Mary Pickford . Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement-dd- Nothing can be done without hope and confidence-dd- Helen Keller . Optimism is an expectation of the future, but hope is a way of experiencing the present-dd- Optimism argues with the predictions of cynicism and bitterness, and is often proved wrong-dd- Hope rejects cynicism and bitterness as unhelpful, and is perennially proved right-dd- Doug Muder . The greatest personalities that ever existed have been those who united human beings and put them on the road toward cooperation and effectiveness and peace-dd- Those whom the world has held highest have helped to unite and not sever interconnectedness-dd- They have not been the destroyers of differences but the harmonizer of differences-dd- John Lovejoy Elliott . Hope is a force of nature-dd- Don’t let anyone tell you different-dd- Jim Butcher . Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance-dd- This is the law of nature-dd- Steve Maraboli . The inability to open up to hope is what blocks trust, and blocked trust is the reason for blighted dreams-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . None of us knows what might happen even the next minute, yet still we go forward-dd- Because we trust-dd- Because we have Faith-dd- Paulo Coelho . What would happen if we were all brave enough to be a little bit more ambitious-qq- I think the world would change-dd- Reese Witherspoon . Believe in yourself and all that you are-dd- Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle-dd- Christian D-dd- Larson . Where hope would otherwise become hopelessness, it becomes faith-dd- Robert Brault . Each time a person stands up for an ideal, or acts to improve the lot of others, or strikes out against injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope, and crossing each other from a million different centers of energy and daring, these ripples build a current that can sweep down the mightiest walls of oppression and resistance-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . The future belongs to those who give the next generation reason for hope-dd- Pierre Teilhard de Chardin . It’s important to emphasize that hope is only a beginning; it’s not a substitute for action, only a basis for it-dd- Rebecca Solnit . None who have always been free can understand the terrible fascinating power of the hope of freedom to those who are not free-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . We yearned for the future-dd- How did we learn it, that talent for insatiability-qq- Margaret Atwood . Fear created gods; audacity created kings-dd- Prosper Jolyot de Crebillon . The past is made out of facts… I guess the future is just hope-dd- Isaac Marion . Hope – hope in the face of difficulty-dd- Hope in the face of uncertainty-dd- The audacity of hope-dd- Barack Obama . To love means loving the unlovable-dd- To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable-dd- Faith means believing the unbelievable-dd- Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterson . 