Silence is true wisdom’s best reply-dd- Euripides . No man is free who is not master of himself-dd- Epictetus . He who is contented is rich-dd- Lao Tzu . The nearer a man comes to a calm mind, the closer he is to strength-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The measure of wisdom is how calm you are when facing any given situation-dd- Naval Ravikant . The pursuit, even of the best things, ought to be calm and tranquil-dd- Cicero . To be calm is the highest achievement of the self-dd- Zen proverb . Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace-dd- Buddha . The less you want, the richer you are-dd- Yanni . Neither seek nor avoid, take what comes-dd- Swami Vivekananda . The best fighter is never angry-dd- Lao Tzu . Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace-dd- Robert J-dd- Sawyer . To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden-dd- Seneca . A rational person can find peace by cultivating indifference to things outside of their control-dd- Naval Ravikant . Peace only comes from accepting the inevitable and taming our desires-dd- The Ancient Sage . Remain calm in every situation because peace equals power-dd- Joyce Meyer . Be happy now-dd- Feel good now-dd- That’s the only thing you have to do-dd- Rhonda Byrne . No matter how busy you are, carve out time in your day to get calm, to think, to reflect, to be present-dd- Maria Shriver . Don’t hope that events will turn out the way you want, welcome events in whichever way they happen: this is the path to peace-dd- Epictetus . Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them-dd- Epictetus . Receive without pride, let go without attachment-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The mind freed from passions is an impenetrable fortress — a person has no more secure place of refuge for all time-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Fate leads the willing, and drags along the reluctant-dd- Seneca . Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind-dd- Christian D-dd- Larson . A calm and modest life brings more happiness than the pursuit of success combined with constant restlessness-dd- Albert Einstein . Anyone who enjoys inner peace is no more broken by failure than he is inflated by success-dd- Matthieu Ricard . Let them be right, if that’s what they need-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . This is my secret-dd- I don’t mind what happens-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . They call it “peace of mind” but maybe it should be called “peace from mind”-dd- Naval Ravikant . A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but if he is peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise-dd- Buddha . There is “what is” only when there is no comparison at all, and to live with what is, is to be peaceful-dd- Bruce Lee . Those who are possessed by nothing possess everything-dd- Morihei Ueshiba . Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know-dd- Pema Chödrön (This is one of my favorite inner peace quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Inner peace is like a clean and spacious room, empty of unnecessary, old, or broken stuff-dd- Remez Sasson . Peace is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it-dd- Unknown . Inner peace is beyond victory or defeat-dd- Bhagavad Gita . True peace cannot be achieved by force or by merely invoking the word “peace-dd-” It can only be attained by training the mind and learning to cultivate inner peace-dd- Peace is a calm and gentle state of mind-dd- 17th Karmapa . Peace-dd- It does not mean to be in a place where there is no noise, trouble or hard work-dd- It means to be in the midst of those things and still be calm in your heart-dd- Unknown . Peace is the result of retraining your mind to process life as it is, rather than as you think it should be-dd- Wayne W-dd- Dyer . Peace of mind is that mental condition in which you have accepted the worst-dd- Lin Yutang . There is nothing permanent except change-dd- Heraclitus . Today I escaped from the crush of circumstances, or better put, I threw them out, for the crush wasn’t from outside me but in my own assumptions-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Mastering others is strength, mastering yourself is true power-dd- Lao Tzu . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves-dd- Dalai Lama . Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Fearlessness presupposes calmness and peace of mind-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Anything is possible when you have inner peace-dd- Master Shifu (Kung Fu Panda) . Forgiveness equals inner peace – more peaceful people equals more world peace-dd- Richard Branson . Nothing can bring you peace but yourself-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Nothing external to you has any power over you-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . If you’ve got a world full of people who have inner peace, then you have a peaceful world-dd- Wayne W-dd- Dyer . It is inner stillness that will save and transform the world-dd- Eckhart Tolle . We don’t realize that, somewhere within us all, there does exist a supreme self who is eternally at peace-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . Empty your mind, be formless, shapeless, like water-dd- Bruce Lee . Once you have accepted your flaws no one can use them against you-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game Of Thrones) . A wise man never loses anything if he have himself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Patience is the companion of wisdom-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop-dd- Ovid . If you’re going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston Churchill . Freedom from desire leads to inner peace-dd- Lao Tzu . Only the educated are free-dd- Epictetus . Pray, hope and don’t worry-dd- Padre Pio . When in doubt, chill out-dd- Tim Fargo . Wisdom yields calmness-dd- Paul Graham . Stress is a choice-dd- So is inner peace-dd- Lewis Howes . The real battle is within – always in the present moment-dd- Stephen Hanselman . Control what you can-dd- Ignore the rest-dd- Eric Barker . Silence is sometimes the best answer-dd- Dalai Lama . It’s a nice feeling to just be-dd- Pema Chödrön . You are the sky-dd- Everything else – it’s just the weather-dd- Pema Chödrön . Slow down, life is long-dd- Naval Ravikant . Not everything requires a response-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Make your heart a zone of peace-dd- Jack Kornfield . Be happy where you are-dd- Unknown . Learn to sit back and observe, not everything needs a reaction-dd- Unknown . Storms don’t last forever-dd- Unknown . No one can get inner peace by pouncing on it-dd- Harry Emerson Fosdick . Be — don’t try to become-dd- Osho . Life begins where fear ends-dd- Osho . Wherever you go, there you are-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . To enjoy the rainbow first enjoy the rain-dd- Paulo Coelho . First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do-dd- Epictetus . Man conquers the world by conquering himself-dd- Zeno of Citium . It is inner stillness that will save and transform the world-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Remember the entrance to the sanctuary is inside you-dd- Rumi . You find peace not by rearranging the circumstances of your life, but by realizing who you are at the deepest level-dd- Eckhart Tolle . If a man can reduce his needs to zero, he is truly free: there is nothing that can be taken from him; nothing can hurt him-dd- John Boyd . Slow down-dd- Calm down-dd- Don’t worry-dd- Don’t hurry-dd- Trust the process-dd- Alexandra Stoddard . The answer lies within ourselves-dd- If we can’t find peace and happiness there, it’s not going to come from the outside-dd- Tenzin Palmo . Surrender to what is-dd- Let go of what was-dd- Have faith in what will be-dd- Sonia Ricotti . It takes a lot of courage to push through hard times-dd- Never give up-dd- Good things are coming your way-dd- Unknown . Be the calm, centered version of yourself-dd- This is the most productive and inspiring version-dd- Unknown . Acquire inner peace and a multitude will find their salvation near you-dd- Catherine de Hueck Doherty . Don’t try to have it all figured out all the time-dd- Half of my journey has been learning to own up to my flaws and mistakes with a sense of humor and grace for myself-dd- Mel Robbins . An arrow can only be shot by pulling it backward-dd- So when life is dragging you back with difficulties, it means that it’s going to launch you into something great-dd- So just focus, and keep aiming-dd- Paulo Coelho . If you only walk on sunny days you’ll never reach your destination-dd- Paulo Coelho . Don’t let the silly little dramas of each day get you down-dd- For you are here to do great things-dd- Ralph Marston . By going within-dd- Nowhere you can go is more peaceful — more free of interruptions — than your own soul-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Be not afraid of anything-dd- You will do marvelous work-dd- It is fearlessness that brings Heaven even in a moment-dd- Swami Vivekananda . When the mind is calm, how quickly, how smoothly, how beautifully you will perceive everything-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . If you can win over your mind, you can win over the whole world-dd- Sri Sri Ravi Shankar . Calm down and cheer up – You’re equipped to handle it-dd- Joyce Meyer . Do your best, and then let life do the rest-dd- Robin Sharma . For peace of mind, we need to resign as general manager of the universe-dd- Larry Eisenberg . He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at-dd- Epictetus . Anyone can steer the ship when the sea is calm-dd- Publilius Syrus . Be patient and calm; no one can catch a fish with anger-dd- Herbert Hoover . For fast-acting relief, try slowing down-dd- Lily Tomlin . Worries are pointless-dd- If there’s a solution, there’s no need to worry-dd- If no solution exists, there’s no point to worry-dd- Matthieu Ricard . Observe things as they are and don’t pay attention to other people-dd- There are some people just like mad dogs barking at everything that moves, even barking when the wind stirs among the grass and leaves-dd- Huang Po . Be like a duck-dd- Remain calm on the surface and paddle like crazy underneath-dd- Michael Caine . You cannot find peace by avoiding life-dd- Virginia Woolf . The only thing that belongs to us is the time-dd- Seneca . The difficulty comes from our lack of confidence-dd- Seneca . The next message you need is always right where you are-dd- Ram Dass . Everything that upsets you has its source in an assumed identity-dd- Your true self is eternally at peace-dd- Deepak Chopra . Don’t hope that events will turn out the way you want, welcome events in whichever way they happen: this is the path to peace-dd- Epictetus . Who is your master-qq- Anyone who has control over things upon which you’ve set your heart, or over things which you seek to avoid-dd- Epictetus . The chief task in life is simply this: to identify and separate matters so that I can say clearly to myself which are externals not under my control, and which have to do with the choices I actually control-dd- Epictetus . Everything turns on your assumptions about it, and that’s on you-dd- You can pluck out the hasty judgment at will, and like steering a ship around the point, you will find calm seas, fair weather and a safe port-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Discard your misperceptions-dd- Stop being jerked like a puppet-dd- Limit yourself to the present-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Let us meet with bravery whatever may befall us-dd- Let us never feel a shudder at the thought of being wounded or of being made a prisoner, or of poverty or persecution-dd- Seneca . Inner peace doesn’t come from getting what we want, but from remembering who we are-dd- Marianne Williamson . When we are unable to find tranquility within ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves-dd- Viktor Frankl . Reality is neutral-dd- Our reactions reflect back and create our world-dd- Judge, and feel separate and lonely-dd- Anger, and lose peace of mind-dd- Cling, and live in anxiety-dd- Fantasize, and miss the present-dd- Desire, and suffer until you have it-dd- Heaven and hell are right here, right now-dd- Naval Ravikant . If you ever want to have peace in your life, you have to move beyond good and evil-dd- Naval Ravikant . The enemy of peace of mind is expectations drilled into you by society and other people-dd- Naval Ravikant . Life is full of suffering-dd- Yes-dd- Why should it be otherwise-qq- Embrace-dd- Endure-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Peace and quiet makes room for real contemplation-dd- Contemplation allows the truth to emerge-dd- Facing the truth would force us to transform-dd- This is why we detest peace and quiet-dd- This is why we sacrifice every quiet moment to trivial distraction-dd- The Stoic Emperor . If you’re invested in security and certainty, you are on the wrong planet-dd- Pema Chödrön . No thought, no mind, no choice — just being silent, rooted in yourself-dd- Osho . It is in changing that we find purpose-dd- Heraclitus . Manifest plainness, embrace simplicity, reduce selfishness, have few desires-dd- Lao Tzu . Few things are brought to a successful issue by impetuous desire, but most by calm and prudent forethought-dd- Thucydides . Virtue alone affords everlasting and peace – giving joy-dd- Seneca . How does it help… to make troubles heavier by bemoaning them-qq- Seneca . No state is so bitter that a calm mind cannot find in it some consolation-dd- Seneca . Accept what is necessary with a calm spirit-dd- What happens that is new or beyond belief-qq- Seneca . You always own the option of having no opinion-dd- There is never any need to get worked up or to trouble your soul about things you can’t control-dd- These things are not asking to be judged by you-dd- Leave them alone-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Stick with the situation at hand, and ask, “Why is this so unbearable-qq- Why can’t I endure it-qq-” You’ll be embarrassed to answer-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Some things are in our control and others not-dd- Things in our control are opinion, pursuit, desire, aversion, and, in a word, whatever are our own actions-dd- Epictetus . Peace of mind comes from knowing that this too shall pass and good progress comes from good habits-dd- Brendon Burchard . Be selective with your battles-dd- Sometimes peace is better than being right-dd- Unknown . There is no pillow so soft as a clear conscience-dd- French proverb . Enough is as good as a feast-dd- English proverb . Tension is who you think you should be-dd- Relaxation is who you are-dd- Chinese proverb . If there is light in the soul, there will be beauty in the person-dd- If there is beauty in the person, there will be harmony in the house-dd- If there is harmony in the house, there will be order in the nation-dd- If there is order in the nation, there will be peace in the world-dd- Chinese proverb . Before enlightenment – chop wood, carry water-dd- After enlightenment – chop wood, carry water-dd- Zen Buddhist proverb . We try to fix the outside so much, but our control of the outer world is limited, temporary, and often, illusory-dd- Matthieu Ricard . When you’re in the weeds, all you can see is the process of doing the work-dd- When you take a step back, you can see the purpose-dd- Adam Grant . No one else ‘makes us angry-dd-’ We make ourselves angry when we surrender control of our attitude-dd- Jim Rohn . The best entrepreneurs aren’t frazzled; they’re not tactic chasers-dd- They’re calm-dd- They’re systematic & they learn to say no-dd- Ramit Sethi . Less busy, more focus-dd- Less news, more art-dd- Less complaint, more appreciation-dd- Less noise, more peace-dd- Less hate-dd- More love-dd- Robin Sharma . You can’t calm the storm so stop trying-dd- What you can do is calm yourself-dd- The storm will pass-dd- Zig Ziglar . When we are foolish, we want to conquer the world-dd- When we are wise, we want to conquer ourselves-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Never waste valuable time or mental peace of mind on the affairs of others – that is too high a price to pay-dd- Robert Greene . I once asked a monk how he found peace-dd- “I say ‘yes'” he’d said-dd- “To all that happens, I say ‘yes'”-dd- Naval Ravikant . Expectations end in frustrations-dd- Hopes lead to despair-dd- Desires result in disappointments-dd- Blessed is the man who is free of illusions and in peace with reality-dd- The Ancient Sage . Short-term thinking makes people desperate, ungenerous, impulsive-dd- Long-term thinking makes people calm, gracious, controlled-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Be wary of those who gain a reputation of genius from calm seas-dd- Shane Parrish . Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly-dd- Epictetus . If there is to be any peace it will come through being, not having-dd- Henry Miller . Happiness depends upon ourselves-dd- Aristotle . Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly-dd- Epictetus . He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has-dd- Epictetus . No man can have a peaceful life who thinks too much about lengthening it-dd- Seneca . Expecting is the greatest impediment to living-dd- In anticipation of tomorrow, it loses today-dd- Seneca . The greatest obstacle to living is expectancy… What are you looking at-qq- To what goal are you straining-qq- The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately-dd- Seneca . Happiness is a state of inner fulfillment, not the gratification of inexhaustible desires for outward things-dd- Matthieu Ricard . Be content with what you have, rejoice in the way things are-dd- When you realise there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you-dd- Lao Tzu . Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes-dd- Don’t resist them; that only creates sorrow-dd- Let reality be reality-dd- Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like-dd- Lao Tzu . True happiness is to understand our duties toward God and man; to enjoy the present without anxious dependence upon the future; not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears, but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is abundantly sufficient-dd- Seneca . Don’t set your mind on things you don’t possess as if they were yours, but count the blessings you actually possess and think how much you would desire them if they weren’t already yours-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Happiness and freedom begin with a clear understanding of one principle-dd- Some things are within your control-dd- And some things are not-dd- Epictetus . The price of self-knowledge and calm is hardship and suffering-dd- This produces the kind of freedom that money cannot buy, power cannot touch and fame has nothing to do with-dd- Thomas Reynolds . The life of inner peace, being harmonious and without stress, is the easiest type of existence-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Your mistakes are part of your story-dd- Imagine how boring life would be without them-dd- Mel Robbins . 20 years of anxiety and panic attacks were a huge blessing for me, without it I wouldn’t appreciate the peace of mind I have now-dd- Mel Robbins . We need to reclaim our power and realize that we’re in charge of our time, our happiness, and our inner peace-dd- Marie Forleo . Happy is he who owes nothing-dd- Roman proverb . Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace-dd- Mike Ditka . When you can maintain peace and joy within you despite any situation on the outside, you have become the master of everything-dd- Rhonda Byrne . You don’t always need a plan-dd- Sometimes you need to breathe, calm down, look around, and improvise-dd- Creativity is the key of life-dd- Paulo Coelho . You have to protect your peace-dd- You weren’t created to live worried, upset and on edge-dd- Joel Osteen . Life is about laughing and living in good and bad times-dd- Getting through whatever comes our way and looking back with a smile-dd- Unknown . I am in charge of how I feel and today I am choosing happiness-dd- Unknown . It is important to expect nothing, to take every experience, including the negative ones, as merely steps on the path, and to proceed-dd- Ram Dass . There will be calmness when one is free from external objects and is not perturbed-dd- Bruce Lee . Desire is a contract that you make with yourself to be unhappy until you get what you want-dd- Naval Ravikant . All the elements for your happiness are already here-dd- There is no need to run, strive, search, or struggle-dd- Just Be-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Peace is every step-dd- It turns the endless path to joy-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Learn only how to avoid seeking for and attaching yourselves to anything-dd- Huang Po . Happiness can exist only in acceptance-dd- George Orwell . People of the deepest understanding look within, distracted by nothing-dd- Bodhidharma . A more worthy pursuit than wealth: Inner peace-dd- Naval Ravikant . You will be attacked for doing the right thing-dd- Do it anyway-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Within you, there is a stillness and a sanctuary to which you can retreat at any time and be yourself-dd- Hermann Hesse . Sometimes amid all the chaos you have to calm yourself, go within, ask what’s important, breathe-dd- Brendon Burchard . On average, the deeper people’s knowledge of a topic, the more calmly they talk about it-dd- Paul Graham . Building mental strength won’t make you win every time-dd- But it’ll give you peace of mind to know you can handle losing-dd- Amy Morin . Mental strength and inner peace go hand in hand-dd- Mentally strong people are confident that they can handle whatever life throws their way-dd- Amy Morin . You will continue to suffer if you have an emotional reaction to everything that is said to you-dd- True power is sitting back and observing everything with logic; true power is restraint-dd- If words control you that means everyone else can control you; breathe and allow things to pass-dd- Unknown . Remember in life that your duties are the sum of individual acts-dd- Pay attention to each of these as you do your duty… just methodically complete your task-dd- Marcus Aurelius . When you stay calm in the midst of the storm, you will feel a peace that passes all understanding-dd- Joel Osteen . In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you-dd- Deepak Chopra . Learn to relax-dd- Your body is precious, as it houses your mind and spirit-dd- Inner peace begins with a relaxed body-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . The silver lining is that we grow the most during periods of suffering-dd- This is the time to try new techniques for finding inner peace and cultivating the one that works best for you-dd- Naval Ravikant . Calm in quietude is not real calm-dd- When you can be calm in the midst of activity, this is the true state of nature-dd- Huanchu Daoren . Life is a storm that will test you unceasingly-dd- Don’t wait for calm waters that may not arrive-dd- Derive purpose from resilience-dd- Learn to sail the raging sea-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Usually we think that brave people have no fear-dd- The truth is that they are intimate with fear-dd- Pema Chödrön . Whoever is in a hurry shows that the thing he is about is too big for him-dd- Lord Chesterfield . Worrying does not take away tomorrow’s troubles-dd- It takes away today’s peace-dd- Randy Armstrong . Remind yourself that you don’t have to do what everyone else is doing-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Don’t tie yourself to small mindedness, it will steal your well-being-dd- Unknown . He that does good to another does good also to himself-dd- Seneca . This is what my soul is telling me, be peaceful and love everyone-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Love and peace should be our highest aspirations-dd- Richard Branson . Inner peace begins the moment you choose not to allow another person or event to control your emotions-dd- Pema Chödrön . Any person capable of angering you becomes your master-dd- Epictetus . I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion-dd- These three are your greatest treasures-dd- Lao Tzu . Acceptance and tolerance and forgiveness, those are life-altering lessons-dd- Jessica Lange . Forgiveness is the key to inner peace because it is the mental technique by which our thoughts are transformed from fear to love-dd- Marianne Williamson . Sometimes all you have to do is be quiet and listen, stay present and calm amid the storms, be the energy of love rather than trying to corral it-dd- Brendon Burchard . Because we are all one when we forgive others we forgive ourselves, which is the first step in the healing process-dd- Unknown . People who let go of grudges understand the value of inner peace-dd- There’s no reason to be bitter or angry when you can just move on and be happy-dd- Unknown . Learning to ignore certain people is one of the great paths to inner peace-dd- Life gets easier when you delete those who make it difficult-dd- Unknown . When you choose to forgive those who have hurt you, you take away their power-dd- Unknown . Forgive them, even when they are not sorry-dd- Unknown . Know that you forgive, not because the other deserves it-dd- You forgive because you deserve peace-dd- Deepak Chopra . No happiness without gratitude; no peace without forgiveness; no transformation without self-accountability-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . Grudges are for those who insist that they are owed something; forgiveness, however, is for those who are substantial enough to move on-dd- Criss Jami . Are you willing to take on the role of a peacemaker-qq- Are you willing to be the first one to say, “I’m sorry”-qq- Joyce Meyer . Life’s just too short not to forgive-dd- A clean heart brings priceless fortunes-dd- Robin Sharma . Never to wrong others takes one a long way towards peace of mind… A guilty person sometimes has the luck to escape detection, but never to feel sure of it-dd- Seneca . Forgive the people that did you wrong-dd- They hurt you once; don’t let them continue to hurt you-dd- They can’t stop your destiny unless you allow them to-dd- You’re not forgiving for their sake; you’re forgiving for your sake-dd- Joel Osteen . If you don’t have enough peace and understanding and loving-kindness within yourself, your actions will not truly be for peace-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If you really want peace on earth, create peace in your heart, in your being-dd- That is the right place to begin with and then spread-dd- Osho . Reason lost the battle, and all I could do was surrender and accept I was in love-dd- Paulo Coelho . Anyone who has lost something they thought was theirs forever finally comes to realise that nothing really belongs to them-dd- Paulo Coelho . If you’re brave enough to say goodbye, life will reward you with a new hello-dd- Paulo Coelho . Forgiveness is not an occasional act: it is an attitude-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind-dd- Zen proverb . Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others-dd- Gerald G-dd- Jampolsky . Let us train our minds to desire what the situation demands-dd- Seneca . It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable-dd- Seneca . Quiet the mind, and the soul will speak-dd- Ma Jaya Sati Bhagavati . As long as a sense of self-importance rules your being, you will never know lasting peace-dd- Matthieu Ricard . If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place-dd- Lao Tzu . Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner-dd- Lao Tzu . Your calm mind is your ultimate weapon against your challenges-dd- So relax-dd- Bryant McGill . Your thoughts are not the real you-dd- Learn to identify, then control your negative thoughts-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Remember happiness doesn’t depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think-dd- Dale Carnegie . You will continue to suffer if you have an emotional reaction to everything that is said to you-dd- True power is sitting back and observing everything with logic; true power is restraint-dd- If words control you that means everyone else can control you; breathe and allow things to pass-dd- Unknown . The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Run your brain in debug mode and realize that thinking raises anxiety and lowers happiness-dd- Naval Ravikant . Meditation is not a way of making your mind quiet-dd- It is a way of entering into the quiet that is already there – buried under the 50,000 thoughts the average person thinks every day-dd- Deepak Chopra . Leave your front and back door open-dd- Allow your thoughts to come and go-dd- Just don’t serve them tea-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . To quieten the mind is no trivial matter-dd- A quiet mind means less worry because mind is the generator of worry-dd- Your external circumstances might be perfect yet you will not attain peace until you silence your mind-dd- Mind is the cause of worry, not external circumstances-dd- The Ancient Sage . A contented mind is the greatest blessing a man can enjoy in this world-dd- Joseph Addison . There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm-dd- Willa Cather . The ignorant eschew phenomena but not thought; the wise eschew thought but not phenomena-dd- Huang Po . All the things that truly matter — beauty, love, creativity, joy, inner peace — arise from beyond the mind-dd- Eckhart Tolle . If you want peace, stop fighting-dd- If you want peace of mind, stop fighting with your thoughts-dd- Peter McWilliams . You have two choices: to control your mind or to let your mind control you-dd- Paulo Coelho . Remember this: the pain is all in your head-dd- Ray Dalio . God gives his hardest battles to his strongest soldiers-dd- Unknown . With God’s help, I don’t have to be aggravated or frustrated-dd- I can stay calm and hold my peace-dd- Joyce Meyer . God is working on your problem-dd- Stay calm-dd- Stay sweet-dd- Stay out of fear and keep on keeping on-dd- Joyce Meyer . Just relax and let God be God-dd- Joyce Meyer . God is stronger than my circumstances-dd- Zig Ziglar . You don’t look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you-dd- Alan W-dd- Watts . Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun-dd- Alan W-dd- Watts . Spirituality is not to be learned by flight from the world, or by running away from things, or by turning solitary and going apart from the world-dd- Rather, we must learn an inner solitude wherever or with whomsoever we may be-dd- We must learn to penetrate things and find God there-dd- Meister Eckhart . We spend a great deal of time telling God what we think should be done, and not enough time waiting in the stillness for God to tell us what to do-dd- Peace Pilgrim . You keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on you, because he trusts in you-dd- Isaiah 26:3 . I am leaving you with a gift—peace of mind and heart-dd- And the peace I give is a gift the world cannot give-dd- So don’t be troubled or afraid-dd- John 14:27 . With his love, he will calm all your fears-dd- He will rejoice over you with joyful songs-dd- Zephaniah 3:17 . He is a mighty savior-dd- He will take delight in you with gladness-dd- Zephaniah 3:17 . The lord himself will fight for you-dd- Just stay calm-dd- Exodus 14:14 . Your goal is not to battle with the mind, but to witness the mind-dd- Swami Muktananda . Meditation stills the wandering mind and establishes us forever in a state of peace-dd- Muktananda . Meditation is a silent heart, a peaceful mind which can make life more lovable, more livable-dd- Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh . That is the true function of meditation: to create a space in you where you can be rich, infinitely rich, utterly peaceful, absolutely ecstatic-dd- Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh . You should sit in meditation for 20 minutes a day-dd- Unless you’re too busy; then you should sit one hour-dd- Old Zen Saying . The most powerful thought is a prayerful thought-dd- When I’m praying for you, I am praying for my own peace of mind-dd- I can only have for myself what I am willing to wish for you-dd- Marianne Williamson . The kingdom of God is just behind the darkness of closed eyes, and the first gate that opens to it is your peace-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . The peace of mind that we get from meditation does not fade away-dd- It lasts for good in some corner of the inmost recesses of our aspiring heart-dd- Sri Chinmoy . Meditation is the most powerful antidote to chaos-dd- Given the chaos in the world today, meditators meditating is one of the greatest ways we can be of service-dd- A resonant field of inner peace is the greatest disruptor of all-dd- Marianne Williamson . During times of chaos retreat into your inner peace-dd- Then when you interact with the chaos you will bring with you the power to transform it-dd- Marianne Williamson . Stillness is also inner peace, and that stillness and peace are the essence of your Being-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Be the observer of your mind-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Now is now-dd- Are you going to be here or not-qq- Ram Dass . Truth lies in silence-dd- B-dd- D-dd- Schiers . He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough-dd- Lao Tzu . Calm yourself-dd- Breathe and be present-dd- Important matters need you centered-dd- Brendon Burchard . We should always allow some time to elapse, for time discloses the truth-dd- Seneca . Make peace with your past so it won’t destroy your present-dd- Paulo Coelho . The more you need in order to be happy, the more miserable you’ll be-dd- Yanni . Be the witness of your thoughts-dd- You are what observes, not what you observe-dd- Buddhist proverb . Be a peacemaker in everyday life-dd- Display peace in everything you do-dd- Be peace-dd- Live in peace-dd- Buddhist proverb . The true purpose of Zen is to see things as they are, to observe things as they are, and to let everything go as it goes-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Never be in a hurry; do everything quietly and in a calm spirit-dd- Do not lose your inner peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset-dd- Saint Francis De . Do not look for happiness outside yourself-dd- The awakened seek happiness inside-dd- Peter Deunov . The more chaos there is on the outside, the more important it is to find stillness on the inside-dd- It gives us the power to endure this storm and the power to transform it-dd- Marianne Williamson . You cannot ask the darkness to leave; you must turn on the light-dd- Sogyal Rinpoche . Just slow down-dd- Slow down your speech-dd- Slow down your breathing-dd- Slow down your walking-dd- Slow down your eating-dd- And let this slower, steadier pace perfume your mind-dd- Just slow down-dd- Doko . Not being tense but ready-dd- Not thinking but not dreaming-dd- Not being set but flexible-dd- Liberation from the uneasy sense of confinement-dd- It is being wholly and quietly alive, aware and alert, ready for whatever may come-dd- Bruce Lee . Not till your thoughts cease all their branching here and there, not till you abandon all thoughts of seeking for something, not till your mind is motionless as wood or stone, will you be on the right road to the Gate-dd- Huang Po . Do not permit the events of your daily lives to bind you, but never withdraw yourselves from them-dd- Only by acting thus can you earn the title of ‘A Liberated One’-dd- Huang Po . There is nothing other than this present moment; there is no past, there is no future; there is nothing but this-dd- So when we don’t pay attention to each little this, we miss the whole thing-dd- Charlotte Joko Beck . Misfortune can be minimized, but never eliminated-dd- Life is full of seemingly endless trouble, and then life ends-dd- Peace must be found in the imperfect present-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Whether we’re seeking inner peace or global peace or a combination of the two, the way to experience it is to build on the foundation of unconditional openness to all that arises-dd- Pema Chödrön . Peace isn’t an experience free of challenges, free of rough and smooth, it’s an experience that’s expansive enough to include all that arises without feeling threatened-dd- Pema Chödrön . We are always in transition-dd- If you can just relax with that, you’ll have no problem-dd- Chogyam Trungpa . Your attachments are the source of all your problems-dd- Wayne W-dd- Dyer . When the heart is at peace, “for” and “against” are forgotten-dd- Chuang Tzu . Nothing goes right on the outside when nothing is going right on the inside-dd- Matthieu Ricard . Unless we agree to suffer we cannot be free from suffering-dd- D-dd-T-dd- Suzuki . Home is where you give up looking for something better-dd- Unknown . At every moment keep a sturdy mind on the task at hand, as a Roman and human being, doing it with strict and simple dignity, affection, freedom, and justice — giving yourself a break from all other considerations-dd- You can do this if you approach each task as if it is your last, giving up every distraction, emotional subversion of reason, and all drama, vanity, and complaint over your fair share-dd- You can see how mastery over a few things makes it possible to live an abundant and devout life — for, if you keep watch over these things, the gods won’t ask for more-dd- Marcus Aurelius . 