Success is not in what you have, but who you are-dd- Bo Bennett . If you have no critics you’ll likely have no success-dd- Malcolm X . Behind every successful man there’s a lot of unsuccessful years-dd- Bob Brown . The secret of success is constancy of purpose-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Success is the child of audacity-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Forget the past-dd- Nelson Mandela . The true success is the person who invented himself-dd- Al Goldstein . When the water starts boiling it is foolish to turn off the heat-dd- Nelson Mandela . Be content to act, and leave the talking to others-dd- Baltasar . He has achieved success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much; who has gained the respect of intelligent men and the love of little children; who has filled his niche and accomplished his task; who has left the world better than he found it, whether by an improved poppy, a perfect poem, or a rescued soul; who has never lacked appreciation of earth’s beauty or failed to express it; who has always looked for the best in others and given them the best he had; whose life was an inspiration; whose memory a benediction-dd- Bessie Stanley . Failure is success in progress-dd- Albert Einstein . Shallow men believe in luck-dd- Strong men believe in cause and effect-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Find somebody to be successful for-dd- Raise their hopes-dd- Think of their needs-dd- Barack Obama . The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus-dd- Bruce Lee . Success is never accidental-dd- Jack Dorsey (Twitter) . 90% of your plans are going to fail no matter what you do-dd- Get used to it-dd- Mark Manson . The difference between successful people and very successful people is that very successful people say ‘no’ to almost everything-dd- Warren Buffett . One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Living our life deeply and with happiness, having time to care for our loved ones – this is another kind of success, another kind of power, and it is much more important-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again-dd- Then quit-dd- No use being a damn fool about it-dd- W-dd-C-dd- Fields . The people who succeed are irrationally passionate about something-dd- Naval Ravikant . The maximum success is reached when you are never busy-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . I can’t give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time-dd- Herbert Bayard Swope . The young do not know enough to be prudent, and therefore they attempt the impossible – and achieve it, generation after generation-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . My secret for success-qq- I don’t know what the hell success means-dd- Al Lewis . Success is leaving a good path, or even better, leaving no path at all-dd- Maxime Lagacé . My success is not who I am-dd- Judith Guest . Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom-dd- George S-dd- Patton . You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity-dd- Thomas Wolfe . To be able to look back upon one’s life in satisfaction, is to live twice-dd- Kahlil Gibran . I don’t dwell on success-dd- Maybe that’s one reason I’m successful-dd- Calvin Klein . I do not pray for success, I ask for faithfulness-dd- Mother Teresa . A minute’s success pays the failure of years-dd- Robert Browning . Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor-dd- Truman Capote . The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried-dd- Stephen McCranie . The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it-dd- Criss Jami (This is one of my favorite success quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . I do not like to repeat successes, I like to go on to other things-dd- Walt Disney . Celebrate your successes-dd- Find some humor in your failures-dd- Sam Walton (Walmart) . Try not to become a man of success, but a man of value-dd- Look around at how people want to get more out of life than they put in-dd- A man of value will give more than he receives-dd- Be creative, but make sure that what you create is not a curse for mankind-dd- Albert Einstein . Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm-dd- Winston Churchill . Have no fear of perfection – you’ll never reach it-dd- Salvador Dali . Winning is a habit-dd- Unfortunately, so is losing-dd- Vince Lombardi . Success is my only option, failure’s not-dd- Eminem . Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up-dd- Thomas Alva Edison . The path to success is to take massive, determined action-dd- Tony Robbins . We learn wisdom from failure much more than from success-dd- We often discover what will do, by finding out what will not do; and probably he who never made a mistake never made a discovery-dd- Samuel Smiles . Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . My mother said to me, “If you become a soldier, you’ll be a general; if you become a monk, you’ll end up as the Pope-dd-” Instead, I became a painter and wound up as Picasso-dd- Pablo Picasso . I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career-dd- I’ve lost almost 300 games-dd- 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed-dd- I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed-dd- Michael Jordan . If you think you can, you can-dd- And if you think you can’t, you’re right-dd- Henry Ford . I have learned, that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours-dd- Henry David Thoreau . There are no gains without pains-dd- Benjamin Franklin . I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing-dd- Abraham Lincoln . That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Before anything else, preparation is the key to success-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . Nothing succeeds like success-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Success is a lousy teacher-dd- It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . Success in life comes not from holding a good hand, but in playing a poor hand well-dd- Denis Waitley . Success is not forever and failure isn’t fatal-dd- Don Shula . The best revenge is massive success-dd- Frank Sinatra . The secret of success is to do the common things uncommonly well-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure-dd- Mark Twain . Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it-dd- Maya Angelou . Money won’t create success, the freedom to make it will-dd- Nelson Mandela . Action is the foundational key to all success-dd- Pablo Picasso . If you’re going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston Churchill . 80% of success is showing up-dd- Woody Allen . To succeed, we must first believe that we can-dd- Michael Korda . To fly, we have to have resistance-dd- Maya Lin . Climb the mountain so you can see the world, not so the world can see you-dd- Unknown . Nothing fails like success-dd- Alan Watts . Measure your success according to fun and creativity-dd- Anita Roddick . Applause waits on success-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Slow and steady is better than fast and shaky-dd- Maxime Lagacé . You sleep on a win and you’ll wake up with a loss-dd- Conor McGregor . When it comes to success, there are no shortcuts-dd- Bo Bennett . One fails forward toward success-dd- Charles Kettering . To be great is to be misunderstood-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Be brave when you are scared, and humble when you are victorious-dd- Unknown . Success has always been a great liar-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Success is the sum of details-dd- Harvey S-dd- Firestone . Success can’t be forced-dd- Loretta Young . The ladder of success is never crowded at the top-dd- Napoleon Hill . Success is the fruit of concentration-dd- Navjot Singh Sidhu . There’s a lot of blood, sweat, and guts between dreams and success-dd- Paul Bryant . Success tempts many to their ruin-dd- Phaedrus . Success is a poor teacher-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . Success is dependent on effort-dd- Sophocles . Success is the sweetest revenge-dd- Vanessa Williams . Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can-dd- Richard Bach . Become so curious and obsessed with one thing that you forget everything else-dd- Follow it, drink it, dive deep in it, master it-dd- Remarkable results need remarkable actions-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be-dd- George Sheehan . No one who strives to bring new life to something significant should be too quick to abandon the hope that he will succeed-dd- Robert Walser . The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one’s destiny to do, and then do it-dd- Henry Ford . Greatness is not in where we stand, but in what direction we are moving-dd- We must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it – but sail we must and not drift, nor lie at anchor-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . You aren’t going to find anybody that’s going to be successful without making a sacrifice and without perseverance-dd- Lou Holtz . To me success means effectiveness in the world, that I am able to carry my ideas and values into the world – that I am able to change it in positive ways-dd- Maxine Hong Kingston . You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one-dd- James A-dd- Froude . Give me a stock clerk with a goal and I’ll give you a man who will make history-dd- Give me a man with no goals and I’ll give you a stock clerk-dd- J-dd- C-dd- Penney . The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood, who strives valiantly, who errs and comes short again and again, who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotions, and spends himself in a worthy cause, who at best knows achievement and who at the worst if he fails at least fails while daring greatly so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who know neither victory nor defeat-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . I measure success in terms of the contributions an individual makes to her fellow human beings-dd- Margaret Mead . What is success-qq- I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing; knowing that it is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose-dd- Margaret Thatcher . Winners are not afraid of losing-dd- But losers are-dd- Failure is part of the process of success-dd- People who avoid failure also avoid success-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . The heights by great men reached and kept, were not attained by sudden flight, but they, while their companions slept, were toiling upward in the night-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . I long to accomplish a great and noble tasks, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble-dd- The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker-dd- Helen Keller . How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone-dd- Coco Chanel . Be hungry for success, hungry to make your mark, hungry to be seen and to be heard and to have an effect-dd- And as you move up and become successful, make sure also to be hungry for helping others-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . Success isn’t a result of spontaneous combustion-dd- You must set yourself on fire-dd- Arnold H-dd- Glasow . The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity-dd- Ayn Rand . Think of success as a game of chance in which you have control over the odds-dd- As you begin to master concepts in personal achievement, you are increasing your odds of achieving success-dd- Bo Bennett . Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . Success is almost totally dependent upon drive and persistence-dd- The extra energy required to make another effort or try another approach is the secret of winning-dd- Denis Waitley . Successful people are the ones who think up things for the rest of the world to keep busy at-dd- Don Marquis . The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Our best successes often come after our greatest disappointments-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Success is the child of drudgery and perseverance-dd- It cannot be coaxed or bribed; pay the price and it is yours-dd- Orison Swett Marden . Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result-dd- Oscar Wilde . Ambition is the path to success-dd- Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in-dd- Bill Bradley . Why be a king, when you can be a god-qq- Eminem . I’m the most successful bad player ever-dd- Andy Roddick . Successful people have libraries-dd- The rest have big screen TVs-dd- Jim Rohn . No burden is so heavy for a man to bear as a succession of happy days-dd- Max Planck . Success is simply a matter of luck-dd- Ask any failure-dd- Earl Wilson . I owe my success to having listened respectfully to the very best advice, and then going away and doing the exact opposite-dd- G-dd- K-dd- Chesterton . The more successful the villain, the more successful the picture-dd- Alfred Hitchcock . Success is when the checks don’t bounce-dd- Andy Warhol . Every man has a right to be conceited until he is successful-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . It’s our nature: Human beings like success but they hate successful people-dd- Carrot Top . Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Success is a great deodorant-dd- Elizabeth Taylor . A successful marriage isn’t necessarily one that lasts until you’re dead-dd- Ellen Barkin . I’m finding that success is way more time-consuming than failure ever was-dd- Emma Donoghue . Don’t confuse fame with success-dd- Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other-dd- Erma Bombeck . What is success-qq- It is a toy balloon among children armed with pins-dd- Gene Fowler . Don’t stress about press if you want success-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The secret to success is to offend the greatest number of people-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Success is always less funny than failure-dd- Jon Ronson . A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend-dd- A successful woman is one who can find such a man-dd- Lana Turner . People get successful and they start saying, ‘Well of course I am-xx- I was chosen-xx- I’m special-xx-’ No, you’re not-dd- Louis C-dd- K . Part of the secret of a success in life is to eat what you like and let the food fight it out inside-dd- Mark Twain . If success is a habit, it is a hard one to acquire-dd- Mason Cooley . When I prayed for success, I forgot to ask for sound sleep and good digestion-dd- Mason Cooley . In Hollywood a marriage is a success if it outlasts milk-dd- Rita Rudner . If I die prematurely I shall be saved from being bored to death at my own success-dd- Samuel Butler . Success comes in cans; failure in can’ts-dd- Wilfred Peterson . Success is dependent upon the glands – sweat glands-dd- Zig Ziglar . Conquer, but don’t triumph-dd- Marie Von Ebner-Eschenbach . The fools in life want things fast and easy — money, success, attention-dd- Robert Greene . The wise in life create things slowly, because they love it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Success is not greedy, as people think, but insignificant-dd- That is why it satisfies nobody-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . The great person is one who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you’re exactly the same-dd- Audrey Hepburn . The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to achieve this success-qq- Larry Flynt . Success is counted sweetest by those who never succeed-dd- To comprehend a nectar – requires sorest need-dd- Emily Dickinson . The success or failure of a life, as far as posterity goes, seems to lie in the more or less luck of seizing the right moment of escape-dd- Alice James . Success in life is founded upon attention to the small things rather than to the large things; to the every day things nearest to us rather than to the things that are remote and uncommon-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . The depth of your mythology is the extent of your effectiveness-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Practice like you’ve never won-dd- Perform like you’ve never lost-dd- Bernard F-dd- Asuncion . There is only one kind of success that really matters: the success of transforming ourselves, transforming our afflictions, fear, and anger-dd- This is the kind of success, the kind of power, that will benefits us and others without causing any damage-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . We must walk consciously only part way toward our goal, and then leap in the dark to our success-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Success is full of promise till one gets it, and then it seems like a nest from which the bird has flown-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Success is when you can spend 90 percent of your time doing the things you want to do and only 10 percent doing things you have to do-dd- Most people’s lives are just the opposite-dd- Scott Spangler . Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it… Success is shy – it won’t come out while you’re watching-dd- Tennessee Williams . Success – keeping your mind awake and your desire asleep-dd- Walter Scott . Success is a consequence and must not be a goal-dd- Gustave Flaubert . To be successful be ahead of your time, but only a little-dd- Mason Cooley . Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it-dd- Henry David Thoreau . There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win-dd- Jonathan Kozol . Be careful, ever so careful, in trumpeting your own achievements, and always talk less about yourself than about other people-dd- Modesty is generally preferable-dd- Robert Greene . Actually, your past successes are your biggest obstacle: every battle, every war, is different, and you cannot assume that what worked before will work today-dd- Robert Greene . Success isn’t about how your life looks to others-dd- It’s about how it feels to you-dd- Michelle Obama . Success is only meaningful and enjoyable if it feels like your own-dd- Michelle Obama . Success is about doing the right thing, not about doing everything right-dd- Gary Keller . Best predictor of success: Innate ability to allocate time properly-dd- Keith Rabois . Success is created by doing the basics, to a high standard, consistently-dd- Thibaut . Success comes down to choosing the pain of discipline over the ease of capitulation-dd- Thibaut . Are you chasing success-qq- Chase good habits instead-dd- Maxime Lagacé . “Winning” is a matter of perception-dd- Some will check the scoreboard, others will check the progress-dd- What are you checking-qq- Maxime Lagacé . If you want to be successful, surround yourself with people who are more successful than you are, but if you want to be happy, surround yourself with people who are less successful than you are-dd- Naval Ravikant . He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Your level of success will rarely exceed your level of personal development, because success is something you attract by the person you become-dd- Ryan Holiday . If I tell you I’m good, probably you will say I’m boasting-dd- But if I tell you I’m not good, you’ll know I’m lying-dd- Bruce Lee . Show me someone for whom success is less important than the manner in which it is achieved-dd- Of concern for the means, rather than the ends, of their actions…I want to see him-dd- This is the person I have looked for a long time, the true genius-dd- Epictetus . The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success-dd- Bruce Feirstein . Accomplishing goals is not success-dd- How much you expand in the process is-dd- Brianna Wiest . If you only master yourself and you don’t help anyone else, we’d call you happy, but nobody would define you as successful-dd- Derek Sivers . Success produces confidence; confidence relaxes industry, and negligence ruins the reputation which accuracy had raised-dd- Ben Jonson . Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom-dd- Euripides . Each success only buys an admission ticket to a more difficult problem-dd- Henry A-dd- Kissinger . It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him-dd- Max Planck . You know you are on the road to success if you would do your job, and not be paid for it-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Success is dangerous-dd- One begins to copy oneself, and to copy oneself is more dangerous than to copy others-dd- It leads to sterility-dd- Pablo Picasso . The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . I have had all of the disadvantages required for success-dd- Larry Ellison . Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world-dd- Lily Tomlin . Life is a succession of moments-dd- To live each one is to succeed-dd- Corita Kent . This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him-dd- William Lyon Phelps . How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong-dd- Because someday in life you will have been all of these-dd- George Washington Carver . Everything I’ve ever done was out of fear of being mediocre-dd- Chet Atkins . Life is not about accomplishing things and then showing off to people-dd- It’s about doing what truly matters to you in the most beautiful way possible-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Success isn’t always going to be a huge contract; success is going to be if you just live out your purpose in life-dd- Allan Houston . Those who succeed and are happy know that the goal is to be authentic and memorable and make a difference, not to be understood and liked by everyone-dd- Neil Strauss . Happiness is not always through success-dd- Equally, the constant pursuit of success is sure unhappiness-dd- But we have to find the balance-dd- Amy Chua . Life fundamentally does not change depending on work or fame or success-dd- Anson Mount . Sometimes success comes in ways you don’t expect-dd- Ben Barnes . A person is a success if they get up in the morning and gets to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do-dd- Bob Dylan . We need to internalize this idea of excellence-dd- Not many folks spend a lot of time trying to be excellent-dd- Barack Obama . You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing-dd- Dale Carnegie . Life is a succession of lessons enforced by immediate reward, or, oftener, by immediate chastisement-dd- Ernest Dimnet . Often it’s the little, daily decisions – the ones you make hour by hour – that mean the difference between success and failure-dd- Mary Kay Ash . We reveal our joys and successes, we conceal our pain-dd- Jesse Jackson . I gave up a lot of things in exchange for my success-dd- Billy Sheehan . Success comes from curiosity, concentration, perseverance and self-criticism-dd- Albert Einstein . I’m not one of those people who thinks they simply deserve success-dd- I have the drive to work-dd- Bridget Moynahan . Perseverance – a lowly virtue whereby mediocrity achieves an inglorious success-dd- Ambrose Bierce . Hard work – the most raw and obvious way to reach something-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Not doing more than the average is what keeps the average down-dd- William M-dd- Winans . People just don’t understand how obsessed I am with winning-dd- Kobe Bryant . I’m convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non successful entrepreneurs is pure perseverance-dd- It is so hard, you pour so much of your life into this thing, there are such rough moments in time, that most people give up-dd- I don’t blame them, it’s really tough-dd- Steve Jobs . I know the price of success: dedication, hard work, and an unremitting devotion to the things you want to see happen-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . I can’t imagine a person becoming a success who doesn’t give this game of life everything he’s got-dd- Walter Cronkite . Yesterday I dared to struggle-dd- Today I dare to win-dd- Bernadette Devlin . Making your mark on the world is hard-dd- If it were easy, everybody would do it-dd- But it’s not-dd- It takes patience, it takes commitment, and it comes with plenty of failure along the way-dd- The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won’t-dd- It’s whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere-dd- Barack Obama . We all naturally want to become successful… we also want to take shortcuts-dd- And it’s easy to do so, but you can never take away the effort of hard work and discipline and sacrifice-dd- Apolo Ohno . The harder you work for something you love, the more meaningful your life becomes-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success-dd- Dale Carnegie . Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal-dd- Earl Nightingale . No matter how much it hurts now, someday you will look back and realize your struggles changed your life for the better-dd- . Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day-dd- Jim Rohn . The moment we believe that success is determined by an ingrained level of ability as opposed to resilience and hard work, we will be brittle in the face of adversity-dd- Joshua Waitzkin . The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself-dd- Mark Caine . A constant struggle, a ceaseless battle to bring success from inhospitable surroundings, is the price of all great achievements-dd- Orison Swett Marden . Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd-dd- . Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth-dd- Mike Tyson . We can be truly successful only at something we’re willing to fail at-dd- Mark Manson . Good people are good because they’ve come to wisdom through failure-dd- We get very little wisdom from success, you know-dd- William Saroyan . Those who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try nothing and succeed-dd- Lloyd Jones . Do you really think you’ll learn and grow and achieve without failing-qq- Maxime Lagacé . Obstacles are placed in our way to see if what we want is really worth fighting for-dd- Unknown . I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody-dd- Herbert B-dd- Swope . Man approaches the unattainable truth through a succession of errors-dd- Aldous Huxley . Success is sweet and sweeter if long delayed and gotten through many struggles and defeats-dd- Amos Bronson Alcott . A rejection is nothing more than a necessary step in the pursuit of success-dd- Bo Bennett . It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success; they much oftener succeed through failures-dd- Precept, study, advice, and example could never have taught them so well as failure has done-dd- Samuel Smiles . Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success-dd- Bo Bennett . It’s how you deal with failure that determines how you achieve success-dd- Charlotte Whitton . Develop success from failures-dd- Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success-dd- Dale Carnegie . Real successful people are the ones who don’t even bother about obstacles because they know exactly what they want-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way-dd- Dale Carnegie . Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Without failure there is no sweetness in success-dd- There’s no understanding of it-dd- Glenn Beck . Success is more dangerous than failure, the ripples break over a wider coastline-dd- Graham Greene . Despite the successes, you remember the failures – rather lovingly-dd- Harold Prince . I think success has no rules, but you can learn a great deal from failure-dd- Jean Kerr . The road to success is always under construction-dd- Lily Tomlin . Before success comes in any man’s life, he’s sure to meet with much temporary defeat and, perhaps some failures-dd- When defeat overtakes a man, the easiest and the most logical thing to do is to quit-dd- That’s exactly what the majority of men do-dd- Napoleon Hill . No man ever achieved worth-while success who did not, at one time or other, find himself with at least one foot hanging well over the brink of failure-dd- Napoleon Hill . Success is not built on success-dd- It’s built on failure-dd- It’s built on frustration-dd- Sometimes it’s built on catastrophe-dd- Navjot Singh Sidhu . Once you can accept failure, you can have fun and success-dd- Rickey Henderson . Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises-dd- Demosthenes . It is common sense to take a method and try it-dd- If it fails, admit it frankly and try another-dd- But above all, try something-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Your ability to learn faster than your competition is your only sustainable competitive advantage-dd- Arie De Gues . Successful entrepreneurs may hate hierarchies and structures and try to destroy them-dd- They may garner the disapproval of MBAs for their creativity and wildness-dd- But they have antennae in their heads-dd- When they walk down the street anywhere in the world, they have their antennae out, evaluating how what they see can relate back to what they are doing-dd- It might be packaging, a word, a poem, or even something in a completely different business-dd- Anita Roddick . The world’s most successful entrepreneurs play hard, but they work even harder-dd- Ben Parr . If you delight your customers, you’ll delight your shareholders-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Real success is being totally indulgent about your own trip-dd- You put your blinders on about the garbage and go full speed ahead-dd- Betsey Johnson . Our success has really been based on partnerships from the very beginning-dd- Bill Gates . To be successful you have to be lucky, or a little mad, or very talented, or find yourself in a rapid growth field-dd- Edward de Bono . Really liking what you do, whatever area that you get into, even if you’re the best of the best, there’s always a chance of failure-dd- So, I think it’s important that you really like whatever you’re doing, if you don’t like it, life is too short-dd- If you like what you’re doing, you think about it even when you’re not working, it’s something that your mind is drawn to-dd- And if you don’t like it, you really just can’t make it work-dd- Elon Musk . Leadership is the key to 99 percent of all successful efforts-dd- Erskine Bowles . The professional has learned that success, like happiness, comes as a by-product of work-dd- The professional concentrates on the work and allows rewards to come or not come, whatever they like-dd- Steven Pressfield . Every young man would do well to remember that all successful business stands on the foundation of morality-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret of outward success-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . If we go to work at 8 am and go home at 5 pm, this is not a high-tech company and Alibaba will never be successful-dd- If we have that kind of 8-to-5 spirit, then we should just go and do something else-dd- Jack Ma (Alibaba) . The secret of my success is a two word answer: Know people-dd- Harvey S-dd- Firestone . The doers are the major thinkers-dd- The people that really create the things that change this industry are both the doer/thinker in one person-dd- Steve Jobs . Combining all of those skills together, the art and the science, the thinking and the doing, was what resulted in the exceptional result-dd- (Talking about successful polymath Leonardo da Vinci being a chemist, knowing about human anatomy, mixing his own paint, painting, etc-dd-) . No matter how successful you are in your career, you must always remember that we are here to live-dd- If you keep yourself busy working, you will surely regret it-dd- Jack Ma (Alibaba) . We are successful today not because we did a great job today, but because we had a dream 15 years ago, and we believed that the Internet could help small businesses-dd- Jack Ma (Alibaba) . The biggest hurdle is rejection-dd- Any business you start, be ready for it-dd- The difference between successful people and unsuccessful people is the successful people do all the things the unsuccessful people don’t want to do-dd- When 10 doors are slammed in your face, go to door number 11 enthusiastically, with a smile on your face-dd- John Paul DeJoria . Great achievers are driven, not so much by the pursuit of success, but by the fear of failure-dd- Larry Ellison . Successful enterprises are built from the ground up-dd- You can’t assemble them with a bunch of acquisitions-dd- Lou Gerstner . Reputation is the key to success-dd- You have to be loyal to your customers-dd- Li Ka Shing . People are the key to success or extraordinary success-dd- Azim Premji . The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as a human being-dd- His heart withers if it does not answer another heart-dd- His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . The secret of joy in work is contained in one word – excellence-dd- To know how to do something well is to enjoy it-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Success comes when people act together; failure tends to happen alone-dd- Deepak Chopra . Nothing reinforces a professional relationship more than enjoying success with someone-dd- Harold Ramis . Coming together is a beginning-dd- Keeping together is progress-dd- Working together is success-dd- Henry Ford . The keystone of successful business is cooperation-dd- Friction retards progress-dd- J-dd-C-dd- Penney . Your successes and happiness are forgiven you only if you generously consent to share them-dd- Albert Camus . Success is the one unpardonable sin against our fellows-dd- Ambrose Bierce . All those who are around me are the bridge to my success, so they are all important-dd- Manny Pacquiao . I believe that people who don’t achieve anything in life are isolated and resent those that are successful-dd- Manuel Puig . My mum always told me 95 per cent of success was partnering well-dd- Marc Anthony . Successful organizations, including the Military, have learned that the higher the risk, the more necessary it is to engage everyone’s commitment and intelligence-dd- Margaret J-dd- Wheatley . The success of each of us benefits us all, and the success of us all benefits each of us individually-dd- Walter Ulbricht . Being a part of success is more important than being personally indispensable-dd- Pat Riley . Fortune sides with him who dares-dd- Virgil . Stop chasing the money and start chasing the passion-dd- Tony Hsieh . The truly passionate people do it out of love, caring and truth-dd- Maxime Lagacé . While money can’t buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery-dd- Groucho Marx . A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him-dd- David Brinkley . The ideals which have lighted me on my way and time after time given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been truth, goodness, and beauty… The ordinary objects of human endeavour – property, outward success, luxury – have always seemed to me contemptible-dd- Albert Einstein . Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition-dd- It asks too little of yourself-dd- And it will leave you unfulfilled-dd- Barack Obama . I was working eighteen hours a day, seven days a week, trying to build a business, expand our coverage, and bring in investors-dd- But my life, I realized, was out of control-dd- In terms of the traditional measures of success, which focus on money and power, I was very successful-dd- But I was not living a successful life by any sane definition of success-dd- I knew something had to radically change-dd- I could not go on that way-dd- Arianna Huffington . To live the lives we truly want and deserve, and not just the lives we settle for, we need a Third Metric, a third measure of success that goes beyond the two metrics of money and power, and consists of four pillars: well-being, wisdom, wonder and giving-dd- Arianna Huffington . Success and money can really be quite blinding-dd- Jim Harrison . Real success is know about money, it’s about making an positive impact in the world-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Don’t think money does everything or you are going to end up doing everything for money-dd- Voltaire . Money is like manure-dd- It stinks when you pile it; it grows when you spread it-dd- JRD Tata . Real riches are the riches possessed inside-dd- B-dd- C-dd- Forbes . The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . That should be the measure of success for everyone-dd- It’s not money, it’s not fame, it’s not celebrity; my index of success is happiness-dd- Lupe Fiasco . A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money-dd- John Ruskin . What material success does is provide you with the ability to concentrate on other things that really matter-dd- And that is being able to make a difference, not only in your own life, but in other people’s lives-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Too many people spend money they earned-dd--dd-to buy things they don’t want-dd--dd-to impress people that they don’t like-dd- Will Rogers . Top 15 things money can’t buy: Time-dd- Happiness-dd- Inner Peace-dd- Integrity-dd- Love-dd- Character-dd- Manners-dd- Health-dd- Respect-dd- Morals-dd- Trust-dd- Patience-dd- Class-dd- Common sense-dd- Dignity-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart-dd- Jonathan Swift . Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants-dd- Epictetus . Nothing is particularly hard if you break it down into small jobs-dd- Henry Ford . You don’t have to show people how successful you are-dd- Martin Yan . What would you like the most on your tombstone-qq- ‘She/he was famous’ or ‘she/he was a kind and loving friend’-qq- Maxime Lagacé . The more that you read, the more things you will know-dd- The more you learn, the more places you’ll go-xx- Dr-dd- Seuss . No-one knows what he can do until he tries-dd- Publilius Syrus . Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it-dd- Bruce Lee . Winning doesn’t always mean being first-dd- Winning means you’re doing better than you’ve done before-dd- Bonnie Blair . The most important aspect of my personality as far as determining my success goes; has been my questioning conventional wisdom, doubting experts and questioning authority-dd- While that can be painful in your relationships with your parents and teachers, it’s enormously useful in life-dd- Larry Ellison . You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think-dd- A-dd-A-dd- Milne . Every action in our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity-dd- Edwin Hubbel Chapin . Be silly, be honest, be kind-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Don’t let what you can’t do stop you from doing what you can do-dd- John Wooden . Give the world the best you have, and the best will come to you-dd- Madeline Bridge . Fall seven times, stand up eight-dd- Japanese Saying . Play is our brain’s favorite way of learning-dd- Diane Ackerman . Don’t expect your friend to be a perfect person-dd- But, help your friend to become a perfect person-dd- That is true friendship-xx- Mother Teresa . It doesn’t matter how slowly you go – as long as you don’t stop-xx- Confucius . Never give up on what you really want to do-dd- The person with big dreams is more powerful than one with all the facts-dd- Albert Einstein . If you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely-dd- Roald Dahl . No kid is unsmart-dd- Every kid’s a genius at something-dd- Our job is to find it-dd- And then encourage it-dd- Robin Sharma . Pulling someone down will never help you reach the top-dd- . Why fit in when you were born to stand out-qq- Dr-dd- Seuss . Fame and success are very different things-dd- Enya . True success is having done his best to be his best-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The measure of success is happiness and peace of mind-dd- Bobby Davro . You are great-dd- Already-dd- Whether you realize it or not-dd- Whether anybody else realizes it or not-dd- And it’s not because you launched an iPhone app, or finished school a year early, or bought yourself a sweet-ass boat-dd- These things do not define greatness-dd- Mark Manson . Integrity is more valuable than income-dd- Honor is richer than fame-dd- Self-worth is wealthier than net worth-dd- Robin Sharma . The man who has done his level best… is a success, even though the world may write him down a failure-dd- B-dd- C-dd- Forbes . The great secret of true success, of true happiness, is this: the man or woman who asks for no return, the perfectly unselfish person, is the most successful-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed-dd- Vaclav Havel . For some, success and happiness mean popularity, noise, having the spotlight-dd- For others, it means peace, wisdom, silence, doing what’s important to you and making an impact-dd- Maxime Lagacé . One should guard against preaching to young people success in the customary form as the main aim in life-dd- The most important motive for work in school and in life is pleasure in work, pleasure in its result and the knowledge of the value of the result to the community-dd- Albert Einstein . The greatest compliment that was ever paid me was when one asked me what I thought, and attended to my answer-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Neither self nor wealth can be measured in terms of what you consume or own-dd- Rolf Potts . My mother drew a distinction between achievement and success-dd- She said that achievement is the knowledge that you have studied and worked hard and done the best that is in you-dd- Success is being praised by others, and that’s nice, too, but not as important or satisfying-dd- Always aim for achievement and forget about success-dd- Helen Hayes . Love the moment-dd- Flowers grow out of dark moments-dd- Therefore, each moment is vital-dd- It affects the whole-dd- Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed-dd- Corita Kent . True success, true happiness lies in freedom and fulfillment-dd- Dada Vaswani . To follow without halt, one aim; there is the secret of success-dd- And success-qq- What is it-qq- I do not find it in the applause of the theater; it lies rather in the satisfaction of accomplishment-dd- Anna Pavlova . If I have been of service, if I have glimpsed more of the nature and essence of ultimate good, if I am inspired to reach wider horizons of thought and action, if I am at peace with myself, it has been a successful day-dd- Alex Noble . What we’re beginning to recognize now is that success is not always about doing more, but also about doing better, and we do better when we’re connected to our inner wisdom, strength, and intuition-dd- Arianna Huffington . Success is a journey, not a destination-dd- The doing is often more important than the outcome-dd- Arthur Ashe . I don’t believe the most successful people are the ones who got the best grades, got into the best schools, or made the most money-dd- Ben Stein . Most of the successful people I’ve known are the ones who do more listening than talking-dd- Bernard Baruch . Success is about enjoying what you have and where you are, while pursuing achievable goals-dd- Bo Bennett . Do your best when no one is looking-dd- If you do that, then you can be successful in anything that you put your mind to-dd- Bob Cousy . Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others-dd- Unsuccessful people are always asking, “What’s in it for me-qq-”-dd- Brian Tracy . Being best is a false goal, you have to measure success on your own terms-dd- Damien Hirst . Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart-dd- Kahlil Gibran . I don’t work for the others, I work for myself-dd- And I chose the way to work for myself-dd- But working for myself, that means working for the society-dd- If you really want to work for yourself, think about the others, the DT time, making sure you help others, because only when the other people are successful, when the other people are happy, you’ll be successful, you’ll be happy-dd- Jack Ma . Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming-dd- John Wooden . The successful man doesn’t use others, other people use the successful man, for above all the success is of service-dd- Mark Caine . Success is about honour, feeling morally calibrated, absence of shame, not what some newspaper defines from an external metric-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Success is the progressive realization of predetermined, worthwhile, personal goals-dd- Paul J-dd- Meyer . Success in anything is through happiness-dd- Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . Modesty should be typical of the success of a champion-dd- Major Taylor . I think people often confuse success with fame and stardom-dd- Brenda Blethyn . We must do our work for its own sake, not for fortune or attention or applause-dd- Steven Pressfield . Success is simple-dd- Do what’s right, the right way, at the right time-dd- Arnold H-dd- Glasow . Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity-dd- William Menninger . Success is not the key to happiness-dd- Happiness is the key to success-dd- If you love what you are doing, you will be successful-dd- Albert Schweitzer . A great secret of success is to go through life as a man who never gets used up-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Success is the good fortune that comes from aspiration, desperation, perspiration and inspiration-dd- Evan Esar . There is no scientific answer for success-dd- You can’t define it-dd- You’ve simply got to live it and do it-dd- Anita Roddick . So I feel like success is opportunity plus preparation, so work begets work, and as long as you’re prepared it’s going to continue to come your way-dd- Anthony Mackie . One important key to success is self-confidence-dd- An important key to self-confidence is preparation-dd- Arthur Ashe . One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . The key to success is to focus our conscious mind on things we desire not things we fear-dd- Brian Tracy . Experience shows that success is due less to ability than to zeal-dd- Charles Buxton . The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . The key is over time-dd- Success is built sequentially-dd- It’s one thing at a time-dd- Gary Keller . The secret of success is sincerity-dd- Jean Giraudoux . Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well-dd- Jim Rohn . Singleness of purpose is essential for success in life-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . The key to my success has been to give up everything for my dream-dd- John H-dd- Johnson . The key to success is to keep growing in all areas of life – mental, emotional, spiritual, as well as physical-dd- Julius Erving . Success follows doing what you want to do-dd- There is no other way to be successful-dd- Malcolm Forbes . Success is achieved by developing our strengths, not by eliminating our weaknesses-dd- Marilyn vos Savant . Without an open-minded mind, you can never be a great success-dd- Martha Stewart . Failure is the key to success; each mistake teaches us something-dd- Morihei Ueshiba . Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Integrity is the essence of everything successful-dd- R-dd- Buckminster Fuller . Success has a simple formula: do your best, and people may like it-dd- Sam Ewing . Success in any endeavor depends on the degree to which it is an expression of your true self-dd- Ralph Marston . Climb mountains not so the world can see you, but so you can see the world-dd- David McCullough Jr . 