Listen to silence-dd- It has so much to say-dd- Rumi . The quieter you become the more you are able to hear-dd- Rumi . Saying nothing sometimes says the most-dd- Emily Dickinson . Speech is silver, silence is golden-dd- Thomas Carlyle . All men’s miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone-dd- Blaise Pascal . A fool is known by his speech; and a wise man by silence-dd- Pythagoras . It is better in prayer to have a heart without words than words without a heart-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . When you have nothing to say, say nothing-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind-dd- Albert Einstein . Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom-dd- Francis Bacon . Silence is a source of great strength-dd- Lao Tzu . There was a brief silence-dd- I think I heard snow falling-dd- Erich Segal . I, schooled in misery, know many purifying rites, and I know where speech is proper and where silence-dd- Aeschylus . In human intercourse the tragedy begins, not when there is misunderstanding about words, but when silence is not understood-dd- Henry David Thoreau . I think 99 times and find nothing-dd- I stop thinking, swim in silence, and the truth comes to me-dd- Albert Einstein . If I could I would always work in silence and obscurity, and let my efforts be known by their results-dd- Emily Bronte . All I insist on, and nothing else, is that you should show the whole world that you are not afraid-dd- Be silent, if you choose; but when it is necessary, speak – and speak in such a way that people will remember it-dd- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart . I decided it is better to scream-dd- Silence is the real crime against humanity-dd- Nadezhda Mandelstam . I’ve begun to realize that you can listen to silence and learn from it-dd- It has a quality and a dimension all its own-dd- Chaim Potok . Silence is true wisdom’s best reply-dd- Euripides . Time and silence are the most luxurious things today-dd- Tom Ford . The more you understand silence, that’s where the balance comes-dd- Rick Rubin . Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn whatever state I am in, therein to be content-dd- Helen Keller . Inner silence is the mother of all talents-dd- Sri Sri Ravi Shankar . In the silence behind what can be heard lies the answers we have been searching for for so long-dd- Andreas Fransson . Silence is so freaking loud-dd- Sarah Dessen . There is something terribly wrong with a culture inebriated by noise and gregariousness-dd- George Steiner . The things that we understand, create silence-dd- The things that we do not, create emotion-dd- Kapil Gupta . Silence is sometimes the best answer-dd- Dalai Lama . Within us is the soul of the whole, the wise silence, the universal beauty, the eternal One-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I think the first virtue is to restrain the tongue; he approaches nearest to gods who knows how to be silent, even though he is in the right-dd- Cato The Elder . Don’t waste words on people deserve your silence-dd- Sometimes the most powerful thing you can say is nothing at all-dd- Mandy Hale . If there were a little more silence, if we all kept quiet…maybe we could understand something-dd- Federico Fellini . The human heart has hidden treasures, in secret kept, in silence sealed; the thoughts, the hopes, the dreams, the pleasures, whose charms were broken if revealed-dd- Charlotte Bronte . Silence speaks when words can’t-dd- (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . The world’s continual breathing is what we hear and call silence-dd- Clarice Lispector . In silence there is eloquence-dd- Stop weaving and see how the pattern improves-dd- Rumi . Now all my teachers are dead except silence-dd- W-dd- S-dd- Merwin . Talk, talk, talk: the utter and heartbreaking stupidity of words-dd- William Faulkner . Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly-dd- Epictetus . The good and the wise lead quiet lives-dd- Euripides (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Silence is a true friend who never betrays-dd- Confucius . As far as I’m concerned, I prefer silent vice to ostentatious virtue-dd- Albert Einstein . Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Silence is the wit of fools-dd- Anatole France . Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Without great solitude no serious work is possible-dd- Pablo Picasso . Speak only if it improves upon the silence-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . I often regret that I have spoken; never that I have been silent-dd- Publilius Syrus . The right word may be effective, but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause-dd- Mark Twain . The truth hurts, but silence kills-dd- Mark Twain . The music is not in the notes, but in the silence between-dd- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart . As we must account for every idle word, so must we account for every idle silence-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Three hundred years of humiliation, abuse and deprivation cannot be expected to find voice in a whisper-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Silence is golden when you can’t think of a good answer-dd- Muhammad Ali . Silence is the ultimate weapon of power-dd- Charles de Gaulle . If you face God in prayer and silence, God will speak to you-dd- Then you will know that you are nothing-dd- It is only when you realize your nothingness, your emptiness, that God can fill you with Himself-dd- Souls of prayer are souls of great silence-dd- Mother Teresa . It is not easy to keep silent when silence is a lie-dd- Victor Hugo . Silence is argument carried out by other means-dd- Ernesto Che Guevara . You have a grand gift for silence, Watson-dd- It makes you quite invaluable as a companion-dd- Arthur Conan Doyle (Sherlock Holmes) . Experience teaches us that silence terrifies people the most-dd- Bob Dylan . The eternal silence of these infinite spaces frightens me-dd- Blaise Pascal . Silence is the perfectest herald of joy-dd- I were but little happy if I could say how much-dd- William Shakespeare . Let us be silent, that we may hear the whispers of the gods-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude-dd- We are for the most part more lonely when we go abroad among men than when we stay in our chambers-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves together-dd- Thomas Carlyle . A sage thing is timely silence, and better than any speech-dd- Plutarch . Be silent or let thy words be worth more than silence-dd- Pythagoras . We need silence to be able to touch souls-dd- Mother Teresa . Silence is more eloquent than words-dd- Thomas Carlyle . The best cure for the body is a quiet mind-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Sometimes it’s better to be silent and smile-dd- Unknown . Silence, healing-dd- Heraclitus . Your silence will not protect you-dd- Audre Lorde . I like working in silence-dd- Eric Ripert . Since long I’ve held silence a remedy for harm-dd- Aeschylus . Silence is more musical than any song-dd- Christina Rossetti . No one nor anything can silence me-dd- Dmitri Mendeleev . Solitude is a catalyst for innovation-dd- Susan Cain (See her excellent book Quiet or her blog quietrev-dd-com) . Silence is safer than speech-dd- Epictetus . You misinterpret everything, even the silence-dd- Franz Kafka . Do not underestimate the determination of a quiet man-dd- Iain Duncan Smith . The silence is not suppression; instead, it is all there is-dd- Annie Dillard . Silence is better than unmeaning words-dd- Pythagoras . The silence is so deep it hurts our ears-dd- Haruki Murakami . Real action is in silent moments-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone-dd- Alan Watts . Speech is of time, silence is of eternity-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Noise: a stench in the ear-dd- Ambrose Bierce . The quiet mind is richer than a crown-dd- Robert Greene . I was quiet, but I was not blind-dd- Jane Austen . Silence says a lot more than you think-dd- Unknown . Still waters run deep-dd- Unknown . Confidence is silent-dd- Insecurities are loud-dd- Unknown . Getting no message is also a message-dd- Unknown . A wise man once said nothing-dd- Unknown . You are a slave to what you do say, a master of what you don’t say-dd- . Silence isn’t empty-dd- It’s full of ansers-dd- Unkwown . Silence is a place of great power and healing-dd- Rachel Naomi Remen . Silence is the mother of truth-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . To hear, one must be silent-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . Sound is our mind, silence is our being-dd- Osho . Listening to the eternal involves a silence within us-dd- Thomas Raymond Kelly . One need not always be saying something in this noisy world-dd- Sarah Orne Jewett . You cannot be angry when alone-dd- Osho . The wisest man is the silent one-dd- Examine his actions-dd- Judge him by them-dd- Karen Marie Moning . Silence is the virtue of fools-dd- Francis Bacon . A silent man is easily reputed wise-dd- Frederick William Robertson . Speak for yourself and from yourself, or be silent-dd- George Henry Lewes . Speech is the small change of silence-dd- George Meredith . Never be bullied into silence-dd- Harvey Fierstein . Hope will never be silent-dd- Harvey Milk . Great souls suffer in silence-dd- Friedrich Schiller . The eternal silence of these infinite spaces frightens me-dd- David Markson . Absolute silence leads to sadness-dd- It is the image of death-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Being quiet is fine, most people don’t listen anyways-dd- Unknown . Silence has been destroyed, but also the idea that it’s important to learn how another person thinks, to enter the mind of another person-dd- The whole idea of empathy is gone-dd- We are now part of this giant machine where every second we have to take out a device and contribute our thoughts and opinions-dd- Gary Shteyngart . Seeing her sitting there unresponsive makes me realize that silence has a sound-dd- Jodi Picoult . The cruelest lies are often told in silence-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . Noise is the most impertinent of all forms of interruption-dd- It is not only an interruption, but also a disruption of thought-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Living as we do in an age of noise and bluster, success is now measured accordingly-dd- We must all be seen, and heard, and on the air-dd- Daphne du Maurier . The ocean, the desert, and the jungle are the last strongholds and resorts of peace-dd- P-dd-C-dd- Wren . I just realized that sleep sometimes is the only precious wage for the hard working man-dd- Akilnathan Logeswaran . Nowadays silence is looked on as odd and most of my race has forgotten the beauty of meaning much by saying little-dd- Now tongues work all day by themselves with no help from the mind-dd-” Toni Morrison . Soon silence will have passed into legend-dd- Man has turned his back on silence-dd- Day after day he invents machines and devices that increase noise and distract humanity from the essence of life, contemplation, meditation…tooting, howling, screeching, booming, crashing, whistling, grinding, and trilling bolster his ego-dd- His anxiety subsides-dd- His inhuman void spreads monstrously like a gray vegetation-dd- Jean Arp . I did the only thing I knew how to do: I built my own walls of silence to disguise my desperation and what later came to be recognized and diagnosed as depression-dd- Sharon E-dd- Rainey . By silence, I hear other men’s imperfections and conceal my own-dd- Citium Zeno . I have only one confidant, and that is the silence of night-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Some of the greatest battles will be fought within the silent chambers of your own soul-dd- Ezra Taft Benson . It’s the steady, quiet, plodding ones who win in the lifelong race-dd- Robert W-dd- Service . A fair request should be followed by the deed in silence-dd- Dante Alighieri . He who does not understand your silence will probably not understand your words-dd- Elbert Hubbard . No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow-dd- Alice Walker . The true genius shudders at incompleteness – and usually prefers silence to saying something which is not everything it should be-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . How much better is silence; the coffee cup, the table-dd- How much better to sit by myself like the solitary sea-bird that opens its wings on the stake-dd- Let me sit here for ever with bare things, this coffee cup, this knife, this fork, things in themselves, myself being myself-dd- Virginia Woolf . No durable things are built on violent passion-dd- Nature grows her plants in silence and in darkness, and only when they have become strong do they put their heads above the ground-dd- Annie Besant . When words become unclear, I shall focus with photographs-dd- When images become inadequate, I shall be content with silence-dd- Ansel Adams . I go silent so I can write-dd- When my tongue is wagging my fingers are silent-dd- Sonia Rumzi . Choose silence of all virtues, for by it you hear other men’s imperfections, and conceal your own-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Withdraw into yourself, perceive there a silence as old as being, even older… Emil Cioran . Within each of us, there is silence-dd- A silence as vast as the universe-dd- And when we experience that silence, we remember who we are-dd- Gunilla Norris . No writer in our time has been more isolated than Kafka, and yet few have achieved communication as well as he did-dd- Eugenio Montale . Silence is the universal refuge, the sequel to all dull discourses and all foolish acts, a balm to our every chagrin, as welcome after satiety as after disappointment; that background which the painter may not daub, be he master or bungler, and which, however awkward a figure we may have made in the foreground, remains ever our inviolable asylum, where no indignity can assail, no personality can disturb us-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Have you ever heard the wonderful silence just before the dawn-qq- Or the quiet and calm just as a storm ends-qq- Or perhaps you know the silence when you haven’t the answer to a question you’ve been asked, or the hush of a country road at night, or the expectant pause of a room full of people when someone is just about to speak, or, most beautiful of all, the moment after the door closes and you’re alone in the whole house-qq- Each one is different, you know, and all very beautiful if you listen carefully-dd- Norton Juster . I think that one’s art is a growth inside one-dd- I do not think one can explain growth-dd- It is silent and subtle-dd- One does not keep digging up a plant to see how it grows-dd- Emily Carr . As happens sometimes, a moment settled and hovered and remained for much more than a moment-dd- And sound stopped and movement stopped for much, much more than a moment-dd- John Steinbeck . I have come to believe over and over again that what is most important to me must be spoken, made verbal and shared, even at the risk of having it bruised or misunderstood-dd- Audre Lorde . I have always loved the desert-dd- One sits down on a desert sand dune, sees nothing, hears nothing-dd- Yet through the silence something throbs, and gleams-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupéry . Staying silent is like a slow growing cancer to the soul and a trait of a true coward-dd- There is nothing intelligent about not standing up for yourself-dd- You may not win every battle-dd- However, everyone will at least know what you stood for – you-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . I need to be alone-dd- I need to ponder my shame and my despair in seclusion; I need the sunshine and the paving stones of the streets without companions, without conversation, face to face with myself, with only the music of my heart for company-dd- Henry Miller . Truth is not only violated by falsehood; it may be equally outraged by silence-dd- Henri Frederic Amiel . When I pronounce the word Future, the first syllable already belongs to the past-dd- When I pronounce the word Silence, I destroy it-dd- Wisława Szymborska . Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best-dd- Henry Van Dyke . We went down into the silent garden-dd- Dawn is the time when nothing breathes, the hour of silence-dd- Everything is transfixed, only the light moves-dd- Leonora Carrington . I drank the silence of God from a spring in the woods-dd- Georg Trakl . You can hear the footsteps of God when silence reigns in the mind-dd- Sathya Sai Baba . Silence is the language of God; it is also the language of the heart-dd- Sivananda . After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music-dd- Aldous Huxley . Your very silence shows you agree-dd- Euripides . Never miss a good chance to shut up-dd- Will Rogers . That man’s silence is wonderful to listen to-dd- Thomas Hardy . There’s zero correlation between being the best talker and having the best ideas-dd- Susan Cain . I didn’t like having to explain to them, so I just shut up, smoked a cigarette, and looked at the sea-dd- Albert Camus . Poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it-dd- Criss Jami . Good as is discourse, silence is better and shames it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . People are like music, some speak the truth and others are just noise-dd- Bill Murray . Noise proves nothing-dd- Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid-dd- Mark Twain . No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut-dd- Sam Rayburn . It’s so simple to be wise-dd- Just think of something stupid to say and then don’t say it-dd- Sam Levenson . No man should live where he can hear his neighbor’s dog bark-dd- Nathaniel Macon . It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it-dd- Maurice Switzer (Not from Mark Twain, see https://quoteinvestigator-dd-com/2010/05/17/remain-silent/) . It is beautiful to talk about beautiful things and even more beautiful to silently gaze at them-dd- Dejan Stojanovic . Silence makes idiots seem wise even for a minute-dd- Carlos Ruiz Zafón . Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, abstains from giving us wordy evidence of the fact-dd- George Eliot . I get tired of talking when I want to be silent-dd- Henry Rollins . God is silent-dd- Now if only man would shut up-dd- Woody Allen . The world is never quiet, even its silence eternally resounds with the same notes, in vibrations which escape our ears-dd- As for those that we perceive, they carry sounds to us, occasionally a chord, never a melody-dd- Albert Camus . Luxury, today, is solitude and silence-dd- Paul-Henri Spaak . Only silence perfects silence-dd- A-dd- R-dd- Ammons . Finding Nirvana is like locating silence-dd- Jack Kerouac . Silence is not the absence of sound, but the absence of self-dd- Anthony de Mello . In most areas of life, the less you say, the more profound and mysterious you appear-dd- Robert Greene . Maybe silence is something we’re uncomfortable with as a culture, I don’t know-dd- Anton Yelchin . When people are proud of their speech, be proud of your silence-dd- Luqman . Those who weep for the happy periods which they encounter in history acknowledge what they want; not the alleviation but the silencing of misery-dd- Albert Camus . Silence is not always tact and it is tact that is golden, not silence-dd- Samuel Butler . Better remain silent, better not even think, if you are not prepared to act-dd- Annie Besant . I found I had less and less to say, until finally, I became silent, and began to listen-dd- I discovered in the silence, the voice of God-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts; And when you can no longer dwell in the solitude of your heart you live in your lips, and sound is a diversion and a pastime-dd- And in much of your talking, thinking is half murdered-dd- Kahlil Gibran . There is greater comfort in the substance of silence than in the answer to a question-dd- Thomas Merton . Does not everything depend on our interpretation of the silence around us-qq- Lawrence Durrell . I said nothing for a time, just ran my fingertips along the edge of the human-shaped emptiness that had been left inside me-dd- Haruki Murakami . The space, the gaps, the pauses, the silence – those things that allow us to regenerate and recharge – had all but disappeared in my own life and in the lives of so many I knew-dd- Arianna Huffington . We refuse to turn off our computers, turn off our phone, log off Facebook, and just sit in silence, because in those moments we might actually have to face up to who we really are-dd- Jefferson Bethke . There is no sound more annoying than the chatter of a child, and none more sad than the silence they leave when they are gone-dd- Mark Lawrence . If we had a keen vision of all that is ordinary in human life, it would be like hearing the grass grow or the squirrel’s heart beat, and we should die of that roar which is the other side of silence-dd- George Eliot . For now she need not think of anybody-dd- She could be herself, by herself-dd- And that was what now she often felt the need of – to think; well not even to think-dd- To be silent; to be alone-dd- Virginia Woolf . There’s really no such thing as the ‘voiceless’-dd- There are only the deliberately silenced, or the preferably unheard-dd- Arundhati Roy . I have learned now that while those who speak about one’s miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Silence is the eternal duty of man-dd- Thomas Carlyle . When truth is replaced by silence, the silence is a lie-dd- Yevgeny Yevtushenko . All I want is blackness-dd- Blackness and silence-dd- Sylvia Plath . Under all speech that is good for anything there lies a silence that is better-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Human beings can’t bear silence-dd- It would mean that they would bear themselves-dd- Pascal Mercier . Your hearts know in silence the secrets of the days and the nights-dd- Khalil Gibran . I am silence among the secrets, and the Self-knowledge of the knowledgeable-dd- Bhagavad Gita . All tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent-dd- Edmund Burke . Speech and silence-dd- We feel safer with a madman who talks than with one who cannot open his mouth-dd- Emile M-dd- Cioran . Silence is the most perfect expression of scorn-dd- George Bernard Shaw . There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls-dd- George Carlin . A yawn is a silent shout-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . Silence is an empty space, space is the home of the awakened mind-dd- Buddha . Lying is done with words and also with silence-dd- Adrienne Rich . Silence is sometimes the severest criticism-dd- Charles Buxton . When I speak, you must not listen to the words, my dear-dd- Listen to the Silence-dd- Anthony de Mello . To sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Silence is only frightening to people who are compulsively verbalizing-dd- William S-dd- Burroughs . The world would be happier if men had the same capacity to be silent that they have to speak-dd- Baruch Spinoza . If you’re asked: What is the silence-qq- Respond: It is the first stone of the Wisdom’s temple-dd- Pythagoras . He who establishes his argument by noise and command shows that his reason is weak-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Don’t waste words on people who deserve your silence-dd- Sometimes the most powerful thing you can say is nothing at all-dd- Unknown . It seems only the old are able to sit next to one another and not say anything and still feel content-dd- The young, brash and impatient, must always break the silence-dd- It is a waste, for silence is pure-dd- Nicholas Sparks . One must learn to be silent just as one must learn to talk-dd- Virginia Woolf . Only when the voice of duty is silent, or when it has already spoken, may we allowably think of the consequences of a particular action-dd- Augustus Hare . It is always assumed by the empty-headed, who chatter about themselves for want of something better, that people who do not discuss their affairs openly must have something to hide-dd- Honoré de Balzac . Silence is foolish if we are wise, but wise if we are foolish-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . When we speak we are afraid our words will not be heard, nor welcomed, but when we are silent we are still afraid-dd- So it is better to speak remembering we were never meant to survive-dd- Audre Lorde . You are most powerful when you are most silent-dd- People never expect silence-dd- They expect words, motion, defense, offense, back and forth-dd- They expect to leap into the fray-dd- They are ready, fists up, words hanging leaping from their mouths-dd- Alison McGhee . Silence was not the absence of sound but was itself a sound that could be loud or soft, soothing or disturbing, complex or simple-dd- Julius Lester . I like the silent church before the service begins, better than any preaching-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Music is pleasing not only because of the sound but because of the silence that is in it: without the alternation of sound and silence there would be no rhythm-dd- Thomas Merton . A sudden silence in the middle of a conversation suddenly brings us back to essentials: it reveals how dearly we must pay for the invention of speech-dd- Emile M-dd- Cioran . We’ve known about the transcendent power of solitude for centuries; it’s only recently that we’ve forgotten it-dd- Susan Cain . Silence is a statement that is open to gross misinterpretation-dd- Craig Bruce . It is more noble by silence to avoid an injury than by argument to overcome it-dd- Francis Beaumont . Silences are the most underrated part of comedy-dd- David Steinberg . The moment you become aware of the silence, you also have become silent-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Silent gratitude isn’t very much to anyone-dd- Gertrude Stein . Silence, I learned, is some times the most beautiful sound-dd- Charlotte Eriksson . You can never get silence anywhere nowadays, have you noticed-qq- Bryan Ferry . The most significant conversations of our lives occur in silence-dd- Simon Van Booy . Quiet is peace-dd- Tranquility-dd- Quiet is turning down the volume knob on life-dd- Silence is pushing the off button-dd- Shutting it down-dd- All of it-dd- Khaled Hosseini . In a world of noise, confusion and conflict it is necessary that there be places of silence, inner discipline and peace-dd- In such places love can blossom-dd- Thomas Merton . I’m very interested in silence-dd- And, more importantly, in what happens when people aren’t talking on stage-dd- I’m interested in letting actors play and do things between the lines-dd- And in slowing everything down-dd- Annie Baker . A soul that has never tasted the sweetness of inner silence is a restless spirit which disturbs the silence of others-dd- Mary Faustina Kowalska . Without silence, there cannot be any real appreciation in life, which is as delicate in its inner fabric as a closed rosebud-dd- Deepak Chopra . I discovered that I felt at home and alive in the silence, which compelled me to enter my interior world and around there-dd- Karen Armstrong . Silence can often be more disturbing than noise, it reveals the complicated mechanism of our thoughts-dd- José Rodrigues Miguéis . I’m a master of speaking silently—all my life I’ve spoken silently and I’ve lived through entire tragedies in silence-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . You find peace not by rearranging the circumstances of your life, but by realizing who you are at the deepest level-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Make peace with silence, and remind yourself that it is in this space that you’ll come to remember your spirit-dd- Wayne W-dd- Dyer . Those who remain unmoved by the wind of joy silently follow the Path-dd- Bodhidharma . By silencing the mind, we can experience real peace-dd- As long as various kinds of thoughts agitate the brain, we don’t experience 100 percent peace-dd- Henepola Gunaratana . Great joy, especially after a sudden change of circumstances, is apt to be silent, and dwells rather in the heart than on the tongue-dd- Henry Fielding . Listen closely… the eternal hush of silence goes on and on throughout all this, and has been going on, and will go on and on-dd- This is because the world is nothing but a dream and is just thought of and the everlasting eternity pays no attention to it-dd- Jack Kerouac . I love to read, and I like the fact that there’s some silence in my life-dd- Giancarlo Esposito . There are in life a few moments so beautiful, that even words are a sort of profanity-dd- Diana Palmer . I woke up early and took the first train to take me away from the city-dd- The noise and all its people-dd- I was alone on the train and had no idea where I was going, and that’s why I went there-dd- Charlotte Eriksson . To listen to the silence, wherever you are, is an easy and direct way of becoming present-dd- Eckhart Tolle . My personal hobbies are reading, listening to music, and silence-dd- Edith Sitwell . Love is essential, gregariousness is optional-dd- Susan Cain . Words can sting like anything, but silence breaks the heart-dd- Phyllis McGinley . Love, and do what you will-dd- If you keep silence, do it out of love-dd- If you cry out, do it out of love-dd- If you refrain from punishing, do it out of love-dd- Augustine of Hippo . We sit silently and watch the world around us-dd- This has taken a lifetime to learn-dd- Nicholas Sparks . Only those who are comfortable with each other can sit without speaking-dd- Nicholas Sparks . I don’t want to be married just to be married-dd- I can’t think of anything lonelier than spending the rest of my life with someone I can’t talk to, or worse, someone I can’t be silent with-dd- Mary Ann Shaffer . Your mind has a flood of questions-dd- There is but one teacher who can answer them-dd- Who is that teacher-qq- Your silence-loving heart-dd- Sri Chinmoy . When you’re comfortable with someone, you don’t need to always fill the void with noise-dd- I liked it when we would just be-dd- Elizabeth Eulberg . Not words nor laughter but rather someone who will fall in love with your silence-dd- Sanober Khan . A heart worth loving is one you understand, even in silence-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . True friends are two people who are comfortable sharing silence together-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . We will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Be silent and safe — silence never betrays you; be true to your word and your work and your friend; put least trust in him who is foremost to praise you, nor judge of a road till it draw to the end-dd- John Boyle O’Reilly . What greater thing is there for two human souls than to feel that they are joined – to strengthen each other – to be at one with each other in silent unspeakable memories-dd- George Eliot . Ships that pass in the night, and speak each other in passing, only a signal shown, and a distant voice in the darkness; So on the ocean of life, we pass and speak one another, only a look and a voice, then darkness again and a silence-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . There comes a moment when the silence between two people can have the purity of a diamond-dd- Philippe Djian . Some hearts understand each other, even in silence-dd- Unknown . Slowly we became silent, and silence itself if an enemy to friendship-dd- Norman Maclean . The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen-dd- Just listen-dd- Perhaps the most important thing we ever give each other is our attention… A loving silence often has far more power to heal and to connect than the most well-intentioned words-dd- Rachel Naomi Remen . It is in deep solitude that I find the gentleness with which I can truly love my brothers-dd- The more solitary I am the more affection I have for them…-dd- Solitude and silence teach me to love my brothers for what they are, not for what they say-dd- Thomas Merton . The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing… not healing, not curing… that is a friend who cares-dd- Henri Nouwen . If you can sit in silence with a person for half an hour and yet be entirely comfortable, you and that person can be friends-dd- If you cannot, friends you’ll never be and you need not waste time in trying-dd- L-dd-M-dd- Montgomery . Silent solitude makes true speech possible and personal-dd- If I am not in touch with my own belovedness, then I cannot touch the sacredness of others-dd- If I am estranged from myself, I am likewise a stranger to others-dd- Brennan Manning . Perhaps the most important thing we bring to another person is the silence in us, not the sort of silence that is filled with unspoken criticism or hard withdrawal-dd- The sort of silence that is a place of refuge, of rest, of acceptance of someone as they are-dd- We are all hungry for this other silence-dd- It is hard to find-dd- In its presence we can remember something beyond the moment, a strength on which to build a life-dd- Rachel Naomi Remen . There is something hugely civilised about allowing long pauses in a conversation-dd- Very few people can stand that kind of silence-dd- James Robertson . Silence is one of the great arts of conversation-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Speech is great, but silence is greater-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Learn to be silent-dd- Let your quiet mind listen and absorb-dd- Pythagoras . The silence often of pure innocence persuades when speaking fails-dd- William Shakespeare . There is a time to be quiet and a time to talk-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Never forget that when we are silent, we are one-dd- And when we speak we are two-dd- Indira Gandhi . Be a loner-dd- That gives you time to wonder, to search for the truth-dd- Have holy curiosity-dd- Make your life worth living-dd- Albert Einstein . Most people do not listen with the intent to understand; they listen with the intent to reply-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Strength is born in the deep silence of long-suffering hearts; not amid joy-dd- Arthur Helps . He knew the lie of silence to be as evil as the lie of speech-dd- Gilbert Parker . Never assume that loud is strong and quiet is weak-dd- Unknown . Sorrow and silence are strong, and patient endurance is godlike-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . A man who lives right, and is right, has more power in his silence than another has by his words-dd- Phillips Brooks . The daggers of silence last longer than anything ever spoken-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Spend your free time the way you like, not the way you think you’re supposed to-dd- Susan Cain . The more you know the less you need to say-dd- Jim Rohn . You often hear old platitudes such as, ‘Speak out-dd- Be heard-dd-’ On the contrary, a breath of fresh air would be something like: ‘Silence, think for at least 15 minutes, and then maybe speak out-dd- Criss Jami . The easiest way to get touch with this universal power is through silent Prayer-dd- Shut your eyes, shut your mouth, and open your heart-dd- This is the golden rule of prayer-dd- Prayer should be soundless words coming forth from the centre of your heart filled with love-dd- Amit Ray . We need silence to be able to reach our Self-dd- Both internal and external silence is very important to feel the presence of that supreme Love-dd- Amit Ray . Sometimes you need to sit lonely on the floor in a quiet room in order to hear your own voice and not let it drown in the noise of others-dd- Charlotte Eriksson . Silence may be golden, but can you think of a better way to entertain someone than to listen to him-qq- Brigham Young . It’s okay to be honest about not knowing rather than spreading falsehood-dd- While it is often said that honesty is the best policy, silence is the second best policy-dd- Criss Jami . Silence is the safest course for any man to adopt who distrust himself-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . Focus your attention on the quality of your words, and not the quantity, because few sensible talks attracts millions of listeners more than a thousand gibberish-dd- Michael Bassey Johnson . Wise men, when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet, give themselves the benefit of the doubt, and remain silent-dd- Napoleon Hill . Silence is of different kinds, and breathes different meanings-dd- Charlotte Brontë . I think I will do nothing for a long time but listen, and accrue what I hear into myself…and let sound contribute toward me-dd- Walt Whitman . What we can’t speak, we say in silence-dd- Hillary Jordan . You throw thorns, falling in my silence they become flowers-dd- Buddha . Non-judgment quiets the internal dialogue, and this opens once again the doorway to creativity-dd- Deepak Chopra . Do you want to change the world-qq- Then change yourself first-dd- Do you want to change yourself-qq- Then remain completely silent inside the silence-sea-dd- Sri Chinmoy . 