Obstacles are the cost of greatness-dd- Robin Sharma . The question isn’t who is doing to let me, it’s who is going to stop me-dd- Ayn Rand . I wasn’t there to compete-dd- I was there to win-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . All the power is within you-dd- You can do anything-dd- Swami Vivekananda . The place between your comfort zone and your dream is where life takes place-dd- Helen Keller . Stop whining, start grinding-dd- Eric Thomas . To be a star, you must shine your own light, follow your own path, and don’t worry about darkness, for that is when the stars shine brightest-dd- Napoleon Hill . Never bend your head-dd- Hold it high-dd- Look the world straight in the eye-dd- Helen Keller . What you want exists-dd- Don’t settle until you get it-dd- Jay Shetty . Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen-dd- Conan O’Brien . How bad do you want it-qq- Gary Vaynerchuk . I am not afraid… I was born to do this-dd- Joan of Arc . If you fell down yesterday, stand up today-dd- H-dd-G-dd- Wells . The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Blood, sweat and respect-dd- First two you give-dd- Last one you earn-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . Conformity gets you nowhere-dd- Neil Strauss . Be so good they can’t ignore you-dd- Steve Martin . Show the world how much you’ll fight for the winners circle-dd- Pat Riley . If you don’t design your own life plan, chances are you’ll fall into someone else’s plan and guess what they have planned for you-qq- Not much-dd- Jim Rohn . Action is the real measure of intelligence-dd- Napoleon Hill . Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear-dd- George Addair . It’s your place in the world; it’s your life-dd- Go on and do all you can with it, and make it the life you want to live-dd- Mae Jemison . Those who truly want something will keep trying until they die-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Learn to be comfortable in the uncomfortable-dd- Learn to be peaceful, not bored-dd- Learn to be inspired, not scared-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Make each day your masterpiece-dd- John Wooden . Don’t count the days make the days count-dd- Muhammad Ali . Everything you can imagine is real-dd- Pablo Picasso . Develop success from failures-dd- Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success-dd- Dale Carnegie . It’s not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life, it’s what you whisper to yourself that has the most power-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Fall seven times, stand up eight-dd- Japanese proverb . You’re probably on the right track if you feel like a sidewalk worm during a rainstorm-dd- Larry Page (Google) . Always ask yourself if what you’re doing today is getting you closer to where you want to be tomorrow-dd- Paulo Coelho . Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot-dd- Make it hot by striking-dd- William Butler Yeats . I can’t believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary-dd- Lou Holtz . I want the world to be better because I was here-dd- Will Smith . The habit of persistence is the habit of victory-dd- Herbert Kaufman . Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself-dd- Andrew Carnegie . When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world-dd- George Washington Carver . “No” simply means begin again at one level higher-dd- Peter Diamandis . To seek greatness is the only righteous vengeance-dd- Criss Jami (This is one of my favorite motivational quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up-dd- Babe Ruth . Every strike brings me closer to the next home run-dd- Babe Ruth . Do the best you can until you know better-dd- Then when you know better, do better-dd- Maya Angelou . If you can dream it, you can do it-dd- Walt Disney . The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing-dd- Walt Disney . Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Win from within-dd- Usain Bolt . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Never, never, never give up-dd- Winston Churchill . If you’re going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston Churchill . Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm-dd- Winston Churchill . Strength does not come from physical capacity-dd- It comes from an indomitable will-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Diligence is the mother of good luck-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Energy and persistence conquer all things-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Don’t stop when you’re tired; stop when you’re done-dd- Marilyn Monroe . The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary-dd- Vince Lombardi . The secret of getting ahead is getting started-dd- Mark Twain (More info on the source here) . Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better-dd- It’s not-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve-dd- Napoleon Hill . Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right-dd- Henry Ford . Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life-dd- Don’t be trapped by dogma-dd- Steve Jobs . It is not the strength of the body that counts, but the strength of the spirit-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand-dd- The sun’s rays do not burn until brought to a focus-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . I have been impressed with the urgency of doing-dd- Knowing is not enough; we must apply-dd- Being willing is not enough; we must do-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . If you can’t fly then run, if you can’t run then walk, if you can’t walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage-dd- Anais Nin . I was taught that the way of progress was neither swift nor easy-dd- Marie Curie . There is always room at the top-dd- Daniel Webster . Action is character-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . Leap, and the net will appear-dd- John Burroughs . Be your own hero-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I prefer to die trying-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Wake up determined-dd- Go to bed satisfied-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . I like getting to that point where it’s hard, and then, pushing harder-dd- Zach Miller . Light tomorrow with today-dd- Elizabeth Barrett Browning . Show them what crazy dreams can do-dd- Nike . We must act-dd- Marie Curie . Remember why you started-dd- Erin Janus . Success is my only option, failure’s not-dd- Eminem . I am not talented-dd- I am obsessed-dd- Conor McGregor . You could be anyone if you put the time-dd- Conor McGregor . Nothing is given-dd- Everything is earned-dd- LeBron James . If you can’t stop thinking about it, don’t stop working for it-dd- Unknown . I didn’t come this far to only go this far-dd- Unknown . The moment you want to quit is the moment you need to keep pushing-dd- Unknown . One day or day one-dd- It’s your choice-dd- Unknown . Don’t wait for opportunity-dd- Create it-dd- Unknown . You are your only limit-dd- Unknown . Prove them wrong-dd- Unknown . I can and I will-dd- Unknown . Don’t call it a dream, call it a plan-dd- Unknown . What you allow is what will continue-dd- Unknown . Don’t stop until you’re proud-dd- Unknown . Don’t look back – you’re not going that way-dd- Unknown . You are capable of amazing things-dd- Unknown . Better an oops than a what if-dd- Unknown . Storms make trees take deeper roots-dd- Unknown . Don’t wish for it-dd- Work for it-dd- Unknown . Will it be easy-qq- No-dd- Will it be worth it-qq- Absolutely-dd- Unknown . Strive for progress, not perfection-dd- Unknown . Feel the fear-dd- Do it anyway-xx- Jillian Michaels . Don’t wait-dd- The time will never be just right-dd- Napoleon Hill . Half-heartedness never won a battle-dd- William McKinley . Good is the enemy of great-dd- Jony Ive (Apple) . Quality is not an act, it is a habit-dd- Aristotle . Aim for the highest-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Do your thing and don’t care if they like it-dd- Tina Fey . What you do today can improve all your tomorrows-dd- Ralph Marston . And you ask “What if I fall-qq-”-dd- Oh, but my darling, “What if you fly-qq-”-dd- Erin Hanson . Nothing happens to anybody which he is not fitted by nature to bear-dd- Marcus Aurelius . You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great-dd- Zig Ziglar . What’s the tiniest step you can take-qq- Do that first-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet-dd- Only through experiences of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired and success achieved-dd- Helen Keller . Don’t bend; don’t water it down; don’t try to make it logical; don’t edit your own soul according to the fashion-dd- Rather, follow your most intense obsessions mercilessly-dd- Franz Kafka . Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done-dd- Louis D-dd- Brandeis . Knowing what you want and going after it every day is one of the most beautiful things anyone can have in life-dd- Tom Bilyeu . Everything will happen for you all of a sudden and you will be thankful you didn’t give up-dd- Blessings are coming-dd- Believe that-dd- Jay Shetty . Become the best in the world at what you do-dd- Keep redefining what you do until this is true-dd- Naval Ravikant . I am not what happened to me-dd- I am what I choose to become-dd- Unknown . Strength grows in the moments you can’t go on, but you keep going anyway-dd- Unknown . I realized that I don’t have to be perfect-dd- All I have to do is show up and enjoy the messy, imperfect and beautiful journey of life-dd- Unknown . I’m not here to be average-dd- I’m here to be awesome-dd- Unknown . Your potential is endless-dd- Go do what you were created to do-dd- Unknown . How many success stories do you need to hear before you make your own-qq- Unknown . Start where you are-dd- Use what you have-dd- Do what you can-dd- Arthur Ashe . The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire, the size of your dream and how you handle disappointment along the way-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . It’s our own ability to have an idea and go after the idea and make it happen-dd- That’s what at the end of the day defines us-dd- Satya Nadella (Microsoft) . I want to be looked back on as being very innovative, very trusted and ethical and ultimately making a big difference in the world-dd- Sergey Brin (Google) . Having faith, beliefs, and convictions is a great thing, but your life is measured by the actions you take based upon them-dd- Nick Vujicic . Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success-dd- A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you-dd- Achieve-xx- Achieve-xx- Andrew Carnegie . Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . A positive mind finds a way it can be done; A negative mind looks for all the ways it can’t be done-dd- Napoleon Hill . When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve-dd- Napoleon Hill . We’re not playing solitaire out here-dd- Bill Parcells . The ultimate inspiration is the deadline-dd- Nolan Bushnell . Expect problems and eat them for breakfast-dd- Alfred A-dd- Montapert . Don’t worry about looking good – worry about achieving your goals-dd- Ray Dalio . You can’t be that kid standing at the top of the waterslide, overthinking it-dd- You have to go down the chute-dd- Tina Fey . Doing nothing is very hard to do… you never know when you’re finished-dd- Leslie Nielsen . There are seven days in a week and someday isn’t one of them-dd- Unknown . Only dead fish go with the flow-dd- Unknown . Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting-dd- Christopher Morley . You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take-dd- Wayne Gretzky . Dream as if you’ll live forever-dd- Live as if you’ll die today-dd- James Dean . Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence-dd- Vince Lombardi . Aim for the moon-dd- If you miss, you may hit a star-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . A quitter never wins and a winner never quits-dd- Napoleon Hill . Of course motivation is not permanent-dd- But then, neither is bathing; but it is something you should do on a regular basis-dd- Zig Ziglar . If life gives you lemons, make lemonade-dd- Unknown . Live every day like it’s your last-dd- Unknown . Be like a postage stamp – stick to one thing until you get there-dd- Unknown . You can’t make a rainbow without a little rain-dd- Unknown . Don’t watch the clock; do what it does-dd- Keep going-dd- Sam Levenson . Either you run the day or the day runs you-dd- Jim Rohn . Sweat is the cologne of accomplishment-dd- Heywood Hale Broun . Whenever I feel the need to exercise I lie down until it goes away-dd- Paul Terry . Even if you fall on your face you’re still moving forward-dd- Victor Kiam . If your only goal is to become rich, you will never achieve it-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . I think everybody should get rich and famous and do everything they ever dreamed of so they can see that it’s not the answer-dd- Jim Carrey . It’s never too late to go back to bed-dd- Unknown . It is what it is-dd- And it’s not good-dd- Unknown . I do marathons, on Netflix-dd- Unknown . Work hard-dd- Complain harder-dd- Unknown . Procrastinate now-dd- Don’t put it off-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . There are four basic human needs; food, sleep, sex and revenge-dd- Banksy . What I’m looking for is not out there, it is in me-dd- Helen Keller . If you are not doing what you love, you are wasting your time-dd- Billy Joel . It is never too late to be what you might have been-dd- George Eliot . Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck-dd- Dalai Lama . Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears-dd- Les Brown . We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong-dd- The amount of work is the same-dd- Carlos Castaneda . I have had all of the disadvantages required for success-dd- Larry Ellison (Oracle) . Life has a way of testing a person’s will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen at once-dd- Paulo Coelho . A wise man can always be found alone-dd- A weak man can always be found in crowd-dd- Unknown . To dare is to lose one’s footing momentarily-dd- Not to dare is to lose oneself-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . What are the most powerful words in the universe-qq- The ones you use to talk to yourself-dd- Karen Salmansohn . My mama always used to tell me: ‘If you can’t find somethin’ to live for, you best find somethin’ to die for-dd- Tupac . Motivation comes from meaning-dd- Everything comes from meaning-dd- Jay Shetty . If you do not conquer self, you will be conquered by self-dd- Napoleon Hill . You have to be at your strongest when you’re feeling at your weakest-dd- Unknown . It doesn’t get easier-dd- You get stronger-dd- Unknown . It’s difficult to follow your dream-dd- It’s a tragedy not to-dd- Unknown . There is no class so pitiably wretched as that which possesses money and nothing else-dd- Andrew Carnegie . A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with – a man is what he makes of himself-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . Sentiment without action is the ruin of the soul-dd- Edward Abbey . Most people fail in life because they major in minor things-dd- Tony Robbins . It is not the path which is the difficulty; rather, it is the difficulty which is the path-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . A hero is one who knows how to hang on for one minute longer-dd- Norwegian proverb . Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs-dd- Farrah Gray . Finishing something will give you satisfaction-dd- Finishing something important to you will give you meaning-dd- A meaningful life is a good life-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The most important thing is to continue-dd- Forget about others, forget about the scoreboard, forget about your failures-dd- Just keep pushing-dd- Maxime Lagacé . To avoid criticism, say nothing, do nothing, be nothing-dd- Elbert Hubbard . You don’t “discover” your place in the world-dd- You carve it out-dd- Thibaut . Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind-dd- Be led by the dreams in your heart-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Winners focus on winning-dd- Losers focus on winners-dd- @Eric Thomas . Winners never quit and quitters never win-dd- Vince Lombardi . Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough-dd- Og Mandino . What comes easy won’t last-dd- What lasts won’t come easy-dd- Unknown . You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction-dd- George Lorimer . Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you’ll be able to see further-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Don’t do what you can do – try what you can’t do-dd- William Faulkner . Someone once told me growth and comfort do not coexist-dd- And I think it’s a really good thing to remember-dd- Ginni Rometty (IBM) . Embrace bad news to learn where you need the most improvement-dd- Bill Gates . A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships-dd- Helen Keller . It is always your next move-dd- Napoleon Hill . Let your workings remain a mystery-dd- Just show people the results-dd- Lao Tzu . The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others-dd- Hasidic proverb . The man who does more than he is paid for will soon be paid for more than he does-dd- Napoleon Hill . Genius begins great works; labor alone finishes them-dd- Joseph Joubert . One of the greatest satisfaction in life is creating something you truly believe in-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Do what you love, and don’t stop until you get what you love-dd- Work as hard as you can, imagine immensities-dd- Debbie Millman . Done is better than perfect-dd- Sheryl Sandberg (Facebook) . Even if you on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there-dd- Will Rogers . True happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done, the zest of creating things new-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . A company shouldn’t get addicted to being shiny, because shiny doesn’t last-dd- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . Work gives you meaning and purpose, and life is empty without it-dd- Stephen Hawking . When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla) . Failure is an option here-dd- If things are not failing, you are not innovating enough-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla) . You get the best out of others when you give the best of yourself-dd- Harvey Firestone . Leadership is an action, not a position-dd- Donal McGannon . Be so ridiculously great at what you do that the world cannot help but give you an audience-dd- Joubert Botha . Our work is the presentation of our capabilities-dd- Edward Gibbon . Your income right now is a result of your standards, it is not the industry, it is not the economy-dd- Tony Robbins . Leaders spend 5% of their time on the problem and 95% of their time on the solution-dd- Get over it and crush it-xx- Tony Robbins . We are judged by what we finish, not by what we start-dd- Unknown . The ability to concentrate and to use time well is everything-dd- Lee Iacocca (Ford) . Management is nothing more than motivating other people-dd- Lee Iacocca . The speed of the boss is the speed of the team-dd- Lee Iacocca . I believe in the dignity of labor, whether with head or hand; that the world owes no man a living but that it owes every man an opportunity to make a living-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . I believe you have to be willing to be misunderstood if you’re going to innovate-dd- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . If you only do thing where you know the answer in advance, your company goes away-dd- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . We are limited, not by our abilities, but by our vision-dd- Kahlil Gibran . No man can become rich without himself enriching others-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much-dd- Helen Keller . The greater the difficulty, the greater the glory-dd- Cicero . Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor-dd- Truman Capote . Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records-dd- William Arthur Ward . Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it-dd- Helen Keller . The clearer you are about the impact you want to have in the world, the less intimidating obstacles will look like-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The most important thing in life is to stop saying ‘I wish’ and start saying ‘I will’-dd- Consider nothing impossible, then treat possibilities as probabilities-dd- Charles Dickens . Wear your failure as a badge of honor-dd- Sundar Pichai (Google) . It’s fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . All that was great in the past was ridiculed, condemned, combated, suppressed — only to emerge all the more powerfully, all the more triumphantly from the struggle-dd- Nikola Tesla . The challenges in our lives are there to strengthen our convictions-dd- They are not there to run us over-dd- Nick Vujicic . Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet-dd- Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved-dd- Nick Vujicic . Sometimes, you have to get knocked down lower than you have ever been to stand back up taller than you ever were-dd- Jim Kwik . All my problems bow before my stubbornness-dd- Amit Kalantri . If you get tired, learn to rest, not to quit-dd- Banksy . Falling down is an accident-dd- Staying down is a choice-dd- Unknown . No matter how much it hurts now, someday, you will look back and realize your struggles changed your life for the better-dd- Unknown . Don’t you dare give up on this life-dd- Not tonight-dd- Not tomorrow-dd- Not ever-dd- Unknown . Sometimes, you have to get knocked down lower than you have ever been to stand back up taller than you ever were-dd- Unknown . I do not think that there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance-dd- It overcomes almost everything, even nature-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . I always tried to turn every disaster into an opportunity-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal-dd- My strength lies solely in my tenacity-dd- Louis Pasteur . Most great people have achieved their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure-dd- Napoleon Hill . First principle: never to let one’s self be beaten down by persons or by events-dd- Marie Curie . When it’s darkest, men see the stars-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Some people dream of success, while others wake up and work hard at it-dd- Napoleon Hill . Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning-dd- Gloria Steinem . I truly believe that in order to truly be great at something you have to give into a certain amount of madness-dd- Joe Rogan . Confidence comes from experience-dd- Experiences comes from trying and failing and trying again, this time better-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The time that leads to mastery is dependent on the intensity of our focus-dd- Robert Greene . The less you fear, the more power you will have and the more fully you will live-dd- Robert Greene . If you give up on your dreams, what’s left-qq- Jim Carrey . Success is a state of mind-dd- If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success-dd- Joyce Brothers . It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . Don’t give up on your dreams, or your dreams will give up on you-dd- John Wooden . Success only comes to those who dare to attempt-dd- Mallika Tripathi . One important key to success is self-confidence-dd- An important key to self-confidence is preparation-dd- Arthur Ashe . I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within-dd- It was there all the time-dd- Anna Freud . Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will-dd- Suzy Kassem . Anything that gets your blood racing is probably worth doing-dd- Hunter S-dd- Thompson . Victory is always possible for the person who refuses to stop fighting-dd- Napoleon Hill . You’ll never change your life until you change something you do daily-dd- The secret of your success is found in your daily routine-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it-dd- Jordan Belfort (The Wolf Of Wall-Street) . To be successful your focus has to be so intense that others think you’re crazy-dd- Unknown . You did not wake up today to be mediocre-dd- Unknown . Don’t tell people your dreams-dd- Show them-dd- Unknown . Dreams don’t work unless you do-dd- Unknown . Your imagination is your preview of life’s coming attractions-dd- Albert Einstein . Rarely are opportunities presented to you in a perfect way-dd- In a nice little box with a yellow bow on top-dd- Susan Wojcicki (YouTube) . Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal-dd- Henry Ford . If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it-dd- Andrew Carnegie . The most successful men in the end are those whose success is the result of steady accretion-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . Any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought-dd- Napoleon Hill . Finding an opportunity is a matter of believing it’s there-dd- Barbara Corcoran . Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible-dd- Tony Robbins . The path to success is to take massive, determined action-dd- Tony Robbins . If you don’t risk anything, you risk even more-dd- Erica Jong . Opportunities don’t happen, you create them-dd- Chris Grosser . If you can’t change a situation, change your mind-dd- Unknown . With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves-dd- Viktor E-dd- Frankl . What you’re afraid is not the sea but to lose sight of the shore-dd- Remember: the promised land is on the other side-dd- Maxime Lagacé . No matter how hard the past is, you can always begin again-dd- Jack Kornfield . If you dare nothing, then when the day is over, nothing is all you will have gained-dd- Neil Gaiman . Very often a change of self is needed more than a change of scene-dd- Arthur Christopher Benson . If you want a future that makes you happy, if you want a world that you’re excited about, get your ass out there and earn it-dd- Tom Bilyeu . We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us-dd- Joseph Campbell . The biggest risk is not taking any risk-dd- In a world that’s changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks-dd- Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook) . Fear is the biggest disability of all-dd- And will paralyze you more than being in a wheelchair-dd- Nick Vujicic . The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible-dd- Arthur C-dd- Clarke . If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten-dd- Tony Robbins . We can change our lives-dd- We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish-dd- Tony Robbins . The starting point of all achievement is desire-dd- Keep this constantly in mind-dd- Weak desires bring weak results, just as a small fire makes a small amount of heat-dd- Napoleon Hill . All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea-dd- Napoleon Hill . Be willing to sacrifice what you think you have today for the life that you want tomorrow-dd- Neil Strauss . Some injuries heal more quickly if you keep moving-dd- Nick Vujicic . What’s dangerous is not to evolve-dd- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . Either I will find a way, or I will make one-dd- Philip Sidney . The only way to shut everybody up is to win-dd- Terry Bradshaw . It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up-dd- Vince Lombardi . Goals are powerful motivators but they can also make you miserable-dd- World-class daily habits are what you need-dd- Maxime Lagacé . To give anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift-dd- Steve Prefontaine . If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary-dd- Jim Rohn . You’re never a loser until you quit trying-dd- Mike Ditka . Success isn’t permanent, and failure isn’t fatal-dd- Mike Ditka . How much can you know about yourself if you’ve never been in a fight-qq- Fight Club . Don’t ever let good enough be good enough-dd- Bill Parcells . Individuals play the game, but teams win championships-dd- Bill Parcells . Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there-dd- Bo Jackson . There will be obstacles-dd- There will be doubters-dd- There will be mistakes-dd- But with hard work, there are no limits-dd- Michael Phelps . When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you’ll be successful-dd- Eric Thomas . The devotion of thought to an honest achievement makes the achievement possible-dd- Mary Baker Eddy . In the long run, we only hit what we aim at-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything-dd- Napoleon Hill . Today I will do what others won’t so tomorrow I can do what others can’t-dd- Jerry Rice . The greatest danger we face is the mind going soft-dd- Robert Greene . Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it-dd- Washington Irving . Continuous improvement is better than delayed perfection-dd- Mark Twain . If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand-dd- Bob Proctor . Your past does not equal your future-dd- Tony Robbins . Excellence is an art won by training and habituation-dd- Aristotle . If you want something you never had you have to do something you’ve never done-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Make your habits so specific and your dreams so inspiring that motivation will take care of itself-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Success isn’t always about greatness-dd- It’s about consistency-dd- Consistent hard work gains success-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that’s your own self-dd- Aldous Huxley . Do 40 hard minutes, not an hour and a half of nonsense-dd- Jason Statham . It’s not about perfect-dd- It’s about effort-dd- And when you bring that effort every single day, that’s where transformation happens-dd- That’s how change occurs-dd- Jillian Michaels . The last three or four reps is what makes the muscle grow-dd- This area of pain divides the champion from someone else who is not a champion-dd- That’s what most people lack, having the guts to go on and just say they’ll go through the pain no matter what happens-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity, no matter how impressive their other talents-dd- Andrew Carnegie . It is the mind that makes the body rich-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it-dd- The time will pass anyway-dd- Earl Nightingale . Motivation is what gets you started-dd- Habit is what keeps you going-dd- Jim Rohn . Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to do-dd- Don’t wish it were easier, wish you were better-dd- Jim Rohn . Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success-dd- Napoleon Hill . Lack of emotion causes lack of progress and lack of motivation-dd- Tony Robbins . If you can’t, you must-dd- If you must, you can-dd- Tony Robbins . If you have no destination, you’ll never get there-dd- Harvey Mackay . Effort is only effort when it begins to hurt-dd- José Ortega y Gassett . No pain, no gain-dd- Shut up and train-dd- Unknown . Making excuses burns zero calories per hour-dd- Unknown . Without self-discipline, success is impossible-dd- Period-dd- Unknown . One hour from now, do you want to be sweaty ─ or sorry-qq- Unknown . Don’t stop when you’re tired-dd- Stop when you are done-dd- Unknown . You’re only one workout away from a good mood-dd- Unknown . Train insane or remain the same-dd- Unknown . It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop-dd- Confucius . Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace-dd- Mike Ditka . Look in the mirror, that’s your competition-dd- Eric Thomas . If someone tells you “you can’t” they’re showing you their limits, not yours-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Popularity games is what envious kids play-dd- Long term learning games is what smart kids play-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom-dd- George Washington Carver . Nothing great ever came that easy-dd- Kresley Cole . Without a struggle, there can be no progress-dd- Frederick Douglass . You have brains in your head-dd- You have feet in your shoes-dd- You can steer yourself any direction you choose-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . The more that you read, the more things you will know-dd- The more that you learn, the more places you’ll go-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty-dd- Anyone who keeps learning stays young-dd- The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young-dd- Henry Ford . There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow men-dd- True nobility lies in being superior to your former self-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood-dd- Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less-dd- Marie Curie . Stop hating yourself for everything you aren’t and start loving yourself for everything you already are-dd- Unknown . People do not decide to become extraordinary-dd- They decide to accomplish extraordinary things-dd- Edmund Hillary . Anything is possible when you are inner peace-dd- Master Shifu (Kung Fun Panda) . You’ve gotta let go of that stuff from the past because it just doesn’t matter-xx- The only thing that matters is what you choose to be now-dd- Po (Kung Fu Panda) . Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more-dd- Tony Robbins . Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers-dd- Tony Robbins . The more you give, the more comes back to you-dd- Napoleon Hill . I have no special talents-dd- I am only passionately curious-dd- Albert Einstein . By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail-dd- Benjamin Franklin . There’s a way to do it better – find it-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others-dd- Ayn Rand . Learn to be happy with the endless try/fail/learn approach-dd- True growth is slow and steady-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Nothing ever comes to one, that is worth having, except as a result of hard work-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . If you shut the door to all errors, truth will be shut out-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . My goal is not to be better than anyone else, but to be better than I used to be-dd- Wayne Dyer . Don’t ask for what the world needs-dd- Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it-dd- Brené Brown . I am just a child who has never grown up-dd- I still keep asking these ‘how’ and ‘why’ questions-dd- Occasionally, I find an answer-dd- Stephen Hawking . Apply yourself-dd- Get all the education you can, but then, by God, do something-dd- Don’t just stand there, make it happen-dd- Lee Iacocca . Forget the mistake-dd- Remember the lesson-dd- Unknown . Be ready to fail because only then you are ready to succeed-dd- Unknown . You were born to be real, not perfect-dd- Unknown . Making mistakes is better than faking perfections-dd- Unknown . Do something wonderful, people may imitate it-dd- Albert Schweitzer . If you only do what you can do, you will never be more than you are now-dd- Master Shifu (Kung Fu Panda) . The days you don’t want to are the days you have to if you want to reach your goal-dd- Jay Shetty . Best lesson I have learned in life came from the worst feeling I ever felt in life-dd- Jay Shetty . Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful-dd- Joshua J-dd- Marine . Learning is the only thing the mind never exhausts, never fears, and never regrets-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Who is wise-qq- He that learns from everyone-dd- Benjamin Franklin . The expert at anything was once a beginner-dd- Helen Hayes . She believed she could so she did-dd- Unknown . Life is tough, darling, but so are you-dd- Stephanie Bennett-Henry . Have no fear of perfection; you’ll never reach it-dd- Marie Curie . Only I can change my life-dd- No one can do it for me-dd- Carol Burnett . Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th-dd- Julie Andrews . Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate-dd- Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure-dd- Marianne Williamson . I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse-dd- Florence Nightingale . We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves-dd- We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained-dd- Marie Curie . She remembered who she was and the game changed-dd- Lalah Delia . You have the power to change the course of your life with each thought, habit, and action-dd- Make it count-dd- Lalah Delia . Self-care is how you take your power back-dd- Lalah Delia . Choose people who choose you-dd- Jay Shetty . A bad day for your ego is a great day for your soul-dd- Jillian Michaels . I never dreamed about success-dd- I worked for it-dd- Estee Lauder . Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear-dd- George Addair . The soul that is within me no man can degrade-dd- Frederick Douglass . The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going-dd- Epictetus . He who wishes to be rich in a day will be hanged in a year-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Deep down you know what you want-dd- Deep down you have what it takes-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you had one shot, or one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted in one moment-dd- Would you capture it or just let it slip-qq- Eminem . The man who acquires the ability to take full possession of his own mind may take possession of anything else to which he is justly entitled-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Start by doing what’s necessary; then do what’s possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible-dd- Francis of Assisi . I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it-dd- The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear-dd- Nelson Mandela . The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it-dd- Michaelangelo . Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements-dd- Napoleon Hill . I am not a product of my circumstances-dd- I am a product of my decisions-dd- Stephen Covey . Without ambition one starts nothing-dd- Without work one finishes nothing-dd- The prize will not be sent to you-dd- You have to win it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life-dd- Tony Robbins . The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones-dd- Confucius . Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . We aim above the mark to hit the mark-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines-dd- Robert H-dd- Schuller . I was not the most talented, but I was the one who worked the hardest-dd- It made all the difference-dd- Maxime Lagacé . You will never be able to hit a target that you cannot see-dd- Robin Sharma . A lot of people will just stop because they’re dead tired-dd- You gotta do that extra one-dd- That’s when you improve-dd- Usain Bolt . No matter how far you think you are ahead of me, I’m going to catch you-dd- That’s my mentality that I go out there with-dd- Usain Bolt . You don’t get any medal for trying something, you get medals for results-dd- Bill Parcells . Never let the world define you as less than great-dd- Bill Parcells . The worst thing I can be is the same as everybody else-dd- I hate that-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . I didn’t want to just be a body building champion-dd- I wanted to be the best body builder of all time-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . Stop being afraid of what could go wrong and think of what could go right-dd- Unknown . When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it-dd- Henry Ford . I believe that the true road to preeminent success in any line is to make yourself master of that line-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all-dd- Dale Carnegie . You’ll never get ahead of anyone as long as you try to get even with him-dd- Lou Holtz . Every adversity, every failure, and every heartache, carries with it the seed of an equivalent or greater benefit-dd- Napoleon Hill . You cannot swim for new horizons until you have courage to lose sight of the shore-dd- William Faulkner . The real secret to success is enthusiasm-dd- Walter Chrysler . Never think there is anything impossible for the soul-dd- Swami Vivekananda . One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals-dd- Michael Korda . Make the most of yourself… for that is all there is of you-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . It’s what you practice in private that you will be rewarded for in public-dd- Tony Robbins . Without ambition, one starts nothing-dd- Without work, one finishes nothing-dd- The prize will not be sent to you-dd- You have to win it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . 