Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not-dd- Ann Brashares . Comparison is the thief of joy-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Whoever envies another confesses his superiority-dd- Samuel Johnson . A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not-dd- Seneca . Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others-dd- He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind-dd- Buddha . The truest mark of being born with great qualities, is being born without envy-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . Envy is pain at the good fortune of others-dd- Aristotle . Never hate jealous people-dd- They are jealous because they think you are better than them-dd- Paulo Coelho . The spirit of envy can destroy; it can never build-dd- Margaret Thatcher . To live without comparison is to remove a tremendous burden-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius-dd- Fulton J-dd- Sheen . Nothing sharpens sight like envy-dd- Thomas Fuller . It is not greed that drives the world, but envy-dd- Warren Buffett . Man will do many things to get himself loved; he will do all things to get himself envied-dd- Mark Twain . The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you-dd- Bette Midler . Surrounded by the flames of jealousy, the jealous one winds up, like the scorpion, turning the poisoned sting against himself-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The fastest way to lose friends and alienate people is to get better and improve yourself-dd- Life Math Money . Noble hearts are neither jealous nor afraid because jealousy spells doubt and fear spells pettiness-dd- Honoré de Balzac . People hate those who make them feel their own inferiority-dd- Lord Chesterfield . Jealousy is the only vice that gives no pleasure-dd- Patrick Henry . You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars-dd- Gary Allan . Our envy of others devours us most of all-dd- Alexander Solzhenitsyn . Our envy always lasts longer than the happiness of those we envy-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . A competent and self-confident person is incapable of jealousy in anything-dd- Jealousy is invariably a symptom of neurotic insecurity-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . No one can have all he wants, but a man can refrain from wanting what he has not, and cheerfully make the best of a bird in the hand-dd- Seneca . Jealousy is information-dd- It tells you what you desire, what you admire, what you despise in yourself-dd- You could learn from the person you envy if you weren’t blinded by resentment-dd- Learning feels better than loathing-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You don’t really see the person that you are envious of-dd- You see a mirror that reflects what you find lacking in yourself-dd- Paying attention to this can be very instructional-dd- We often despise in others what we wish we could find in ourselves-dd- The Stoic Emperor . As iron is eaten by rust, so are the envious consumed by envy-dd- Antisthenes . Jealousy is the very reverse of understanding, of sympathy, and of generous feeling-dd- Never has jealousy added to character, never does it make the individual big and fine-dd- Emma Goldman . A little jealousy can be a good thing, for we may be reminded to appreciate what we have-dd- Shane Parrish . You’re subject to sorrow, fear, jealousy, anger and inconsistency-dd- That’s the real reason you should admit that you are not wise-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Keep your attention focused entirely on what is truly your own concern, and be clear that what belongs to others is their business and none of yours-dd- Epictetus (This is one of my favorite jealousy quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Jealousy is all the fun you think they had-dd- Erica Jong . Jealousy is the most dreadfully involuntary of all sins-dd- Iris Murdoch . Jealousy is an ugly emotion, but it tells the truth-dd- You mostly envy those who have what you desire-dd- Susan Cain . Envy is a declaration of inferiority-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . For most of us, envy is the basis of our actions; remove envy and we feel we are lost-dd- All our effort is towards success, and in that there is envy; behind that envy there is fear-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Envy is the art of counting the other fellow’s blessings instead of your own-dd- Harold Coffin . The wicked envy and hate; it is their way of admiring-dd- Victor Hugo . Oh, what a bitter thing it is to look into happiness through another man’s eyes-dd- William Shakespeare . Transform jealousy to admiration, and what you admire will become part of your life-dd- Yoko Ono . Anger, hatred and jealousy never solve problems, only affection, concern and respect can do that-dd- Dalai Lama . Jealousy is a miserable feeling-dd- It means you aspire to something that you cannot have-dd- Sophia Loren . Jealousy in romance is like salt in food-dd- A little can enhance the savor, but too much can spoil the pleasure and, under certain circumstances, can be life-threatening-dd- Maya Angelou . Jealousy, an eminently credulous and suspicious passion, allows fancy the greatest possible play-dd- But it does not bestow wit, it banishes all sense-dd- Honoré de Balzac . When you wake up in the morning, tell yourself: The people I deal with today will be meddling, ungrateful, arrogant, dishonest, jealous and surely… None of them can hurt me-dd- Don’t waste the rest of your time here worrying about other people… It will keep you from doing anything useful-dd- Why do you not rather act than complain-qq- Marcus Aurelius . Envy is ignorance, imitation is suicide-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Everybody pities the weak; jealousy you have to earn-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . Every time a friend succeeds, I die a little-dd- Gore Vidal . Envy blinds men and makes it impossible for them to think clearly-dd- Malcolm X . If you find happiness, people may be jealous-dd- Be happy anyway-dd- Mother Teresa . Envy creates silent enemies-dd- Robert Greene . Never outshine the master-dd- Robert Greene . Envy is the central fact of American life-dd- Gore Vidal . Our culture is based on envy-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Nothing brings on jealousy like laughter-dd- Françoise Sagan . Envy aims very high-dd- Ovid . It is better to be envied than pitied-dd- Herodotus . You can’t be yourself within jealousy-dd- Toba Beta . It’s a completely useless emotion – jealousy-dd- I don’t go there-dd- Joy Behar . Envy is an insult to oneself-dd- Yevgeny Yevtushenko . Envy motivates a lot of people-dd- Shia LaBeouf . Jealousy is an inner consciousness of one’s own inferiority-dd- It is a mental cancer-dd- B-dd- C-dd- Forbes . O jealousy-xx- thou magnifier of trifles-dd- Johann Christoph Friedrich von Schiller . Jealousy is the jaundice of the soul-dd- John Dryden . Nothing is as obnoxious as other people’s luck-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . Envy suggests inferiority-dd- Wayne Gerard Trotman . The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch-dd- Jim Rohn . Growth will convert your doubters better than verbal defensiveness-dd- Outgrow your critics in every sense-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Envy comes from people’s ignorance of, or lack of belief in, their own gifts-dd- Jean Vanier . Everyone experiences bouts of jealousy; but the dignified person conceals it, while the vulgar one acts upon it-dd- Ibn Taymiyyah . You are jealous because you are unaware that everything you need is inside you-dd- Peter Deunov . One of the most powerful lessons in life is to recognize that no one can give you power, and many people don’t want you to have it-dd- You have to find the courage to seize it, own it and hold on-xx- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Negative emotions like loneliness, envy, and guilt have an important role to play in a happy life; they’re big, flashing signs that something needs to change-dd- Gretchen Rubin . Five enemies of peace inhabit with us – avarice, ambition, envy, anger, and pride; if these were to be banished, we should infallibly enjoy perpetual peace-dd- Petrarch . Afflictive emotions – our jealousy, anger, hatred, fear – can be put to an end-dd- When you realize that these emotions are only temporary, that they always pass on like clouds in the sky, you also realize they can ultimately be abandoned-dd- Dalai Lama . The best way to avoid envy is to deserve the success you get-dd- Aristotle . Love may be blind but jealousy has 20-20 vision-dd- Anonymous . I envy people who drink – at least they know what to blame everything on-dd- Oscar Levant . If the grass is greener on the other side of the fence, you can bet the water bill is higher-dd- Debbie Macomber . Welcome to the wonderful world of jealousy, he thought-dd- For the price of admission, you get a splitting headache, a nearly irresistible urge to commit murder, and an inferiority complex-dd- Yippee-dd- J-dd-R-dd- Ward . My wife’s jealousy is getting ridiculous-dd- The other day she looked at my calendar and wanted to know who May was-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . A jealous woman does better research than FBI-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Jealousy implies dissatisfaction with what you are-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Jealousy is a keen observer, but looks for all the wrong signs-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . Pride, envy, avarice – these are the sparks have set on fire the hearts of all men-dd- Dante Alighieri . Facebook just sounds like a drag, in my day seeing pictures of peoples vacations was considered a punishment-dd- Betty White . We are always trying to become something else-dd- We are always trying to become noble, to become a hero, an example, an ideal; and if we really go behind this urge to become, we will find that there is envy and that behind that envy there is fear, the fear of what one is-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Throughout life, from childhood, from school until we die, we are taught to compare ourselves with another; yet when I compare myself with another I am destroying myself-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . As we are — the world is-dd- That is, if we are greedy, envious, competitive, our society will be competitive, envious, greedy, which brings misery and war-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Jealousy – that jumble of secret worship and ostensible aversion-dd- Emil Cioran . Envy, if surrounded on all sides by the brightness of another’s prosperity, like the scorpion confined within a circle of fire, will sting itself to death-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Envy lurks at the bottom of the human heart like a viper in its hole-dd- Honoré de Balzac . Jealousy can open the blood, it can make black roses-dd- Sylvia Plath . Now think of the things which goad man into destroying man: they are hope, envy, hatred, fear and contempt-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Yet he was jealous, though he did not show it, for jealousy dislikes the world to know it-dd- Lord Byron . Jealousy is always born with love, but does not die with it-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . In jealousy there is more of self-love than of love to another-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . I thought that jealousy was an idea-dd- It isn’t-dd- It’s a pain-dd- But I didn’t feel as they do in a Broadway melodrama-dd- I didn’t want to kill anybody-dd- I just wanted to die-dd- Floyd Dell . Jealousy sees things always with magnifying glasses which make little things large, of dwarfs giants, of suspicions truths-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . The jealous are possessed by a mad devil and a dull spirit at the same time-dd- Johann Kaspar Lavater . More men die of jealousy than of cancer-dd- Joseph P-dd- Kennedy . Jealousy is one of the wickedest of all the passions-dd- But reprehensible though it is, jealousy is almost rather to be pitied than blamed – its first victims are those who harbor the feeling-dd- Arthur Lynch . The bitter often band together into anti-support groups, conspiring to ensure no one succeeds-dd- Forward momentum is stamped out quickly by the ambient sense of disapproval-dd- Individual growth threatens the communal cover story-dd- “If you can progress, what does that say about me-qq-” The Stoic Emperor . Jealousy or a zero-sum view of success, someone else getting all the attention-dd- Jerry Neumann . The lovesick, the betrayed, and the jealous all smell alike-dd- Colette . Jealousy is no more than feeling alone against smiling enemies-dd- Elizabeth Bowen . The envious die not once, but as oft as the envied win applause-dd- Baltasar Gracian . Of the seven deadly sins, only envy is no fun at all-dd- Joseph Epstein . The little “me” is jealous-dd- The true self is content-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Don’t be envious-dd- Be inspired-dd- Thibaut . It’s such a poisonous emotion because, at the end of the day, you’re no better off, you’re unhappier, and the person you’re jealous of is still successful or good-looking or whatever they are-dd- Naval Ravikant . Do you want to be that person with all of their reactions, their desires, their family, their happiness level, their outlook on life, and their self image-qq- If you’re not willing to do a whole sale, 24/7, 100% swap with who that person is, then there’s no point in being jealous-dd- Naval Ravikant . Envy and jealousy are the private parts of the human soul-dd- Perhaps the comparison can be extended-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Jealousy is beautiful only on a young and ardent face-dd- After the first wrinkles, trust must return-dd- Alfred Capus . Jealousy is both reasonable and belongs to reasonable men, while envy is base and belongs to the base, for the one makes himself get good things by jealousy, while the other does not allow his neighbor to have them through envy-dd- Aristotle . Envy shoots at others and wounds itself-dd- English proverb . When you criticize someone, see if you are doing it out of envy-dd- Your criticism reveals more about yourself than you realize-dd- Haemin Sunim . When you show yourself to the world and display your talents, you naturally stir all kinds of resentment, envy, and other manifestations of insecurity… you cannot spend your life worrying about the petty feelings of others-dd- Robert Greene . Appearing better than others is always dangerous, but most dangerous of all is to appear to have no faults or weaknesses-dd- Envy creates silent enemies-dd- It is smart to occasionally display defects, and admit to harmless vices, in order to deflect envy and appear more approachable-dd- Robert Greene . Envy among other ingredients has a mixture of the love of justice in it-dd- We are more angry at undeserved than at deserved good-fortune-dd- William Hazlitt . We experience envy when the quality we feel inferior about threatens our self-concept-dd- Shane Parrish . Envy of others is always a reflection of something we feel about ourselves-dd- Shane Parrish . It is not love that is blind, but jealousy-dd- Lawrence Durrell . The chief barrier to happiness is envy-dd- Frank Tyger . Don’t compare your life to others-dd- You have no idea what they have been through-dd- Sam Cawthorn . I don’t want to be anybody else-dd- I’m perfectly happy being me-dd- Naval Ravikant . Unhappy people compare-dd- Happy people don’t care-dd- Maxime Lagacé . A mind that is envious can never be tranquil because it is always comparing, always trying to become something which it is not-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Be content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are-dd- When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you-dd- Lao Tzu . No man likes to be surpassed by those of his own level-dd- Titus Livy . With a few flowers in my garden, half a dozen pictures and some books, I live without envy-dd- Lope de Vega . Don’t torment yourself with jealousy-dd- It’s a silly illusion that someone’s life is better than yours when the truth is that each one of us is on a different path-dd- Demi Lovato . Envy and jealousy are very harmful because you are never ever satisfied with what you have and you never reflect on what you have-dd- You constantly live your life on what you do not have-dd- Tsem Tulku . Even jealousy is based on fantasies: a fantasy that someone else has what belongs to you-dd- Anna Deavere Smith . Jealousy works against you-dd- It takes control away from you, hands it over to the opposition-dd- Maintain control-dd- Ellen Hopkins . Happiness is found when you stop comparing yourself to others-dd- Unknown . The desire to change yourself breeds envy, jealousy; whereas, in the understanding of what you are, there is a transformation of what you are-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . If you are inwardly rich, there is no need to show off, because that in itself is beautiful-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . If the mind is capable of looking at what is without comparison, without judgment, without the desire to alter it into something else, then you will see that there comes a kind of contentment which is not of the mind-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . We are discontented with what is, discontented with things which we have, with what we are; and the discontent arises because of comparison-dd- I am discontented because I see you are learned, rich, happy, powerful-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . According to the Buddha’s teachings, the most basic condition for happiness is freedom-dd- Here we do not mean political freedom, but freedom from the mental formations of anger, despair, jealousy, and delusion-dd- These mental formations are described by the Buddha as poisons-dd- As long as these poisons are still in our heart, happiness cannot be possible-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more-dd- If you concentrate on what you don’t have, you will never, ever have enough-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Envy ought to have no place allowed it in the heart of man; for the goods of this present world are so vile and low that they are beneath it, and those of the future world are so vast and exalted that they are above it-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have-dd- Socrates . You must love in such a way that the person feels free-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If our love is only a will to possess, it is not love-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . The best life is the one in which the creative impulses play the largest part and the possessive impulses the smallest-dd- Bertrand Russell . Where there is comparison and possessiveness there is jealousy-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . At the heart of feelings of jealousy lies our need to feel needed-dd- Shane Parrish . What is always true for jealousy, unlike envy, is that it involves a triangle of relationships between the self, the partner and the rival-dd- Shane Parrish . Chains do not hold a marriage together-dd- It is thread, hundreds of tiny threads which sew people together through the years-dd- Simone Signoret . If you love someone, set them free, if they love you, they’ll come back-dd- Esther Perel . Jealousy is not contemptible, real love has a beak and claws-dd- Simone de Beauvoir . To be mature is, we’re told, to move beyond possessiveness-dd- Jealousy is for babies-dd- The mature person knows that no one owns anyone-dd- Alain De Botton . Jealousy can even be good for love-dd- One partner may feel secretly flattered when the other is mildly jealous-dd- And catching someone flirting with your beloved can spark the kind of lust and romance that reignites a relationship-dd- Helen Fisher . Love may exist without jealousy, although this is rare: but jealousy may exist without love, and this is common; for jealousy can feed on that which is bitter no less than on that which is sweet, and is sustained by pride as often as by affection-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Jealousy is the fear of losing the thing you love most-dd- It’s very normal-dd- Suspicion is the thing that’s abnormal-dd- Jerry Hall . Jealousy is a disease, love is a healthy condition-dd- The immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy – in fact, they are almost incompatible; one emotion hardly leaves room for the other-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Though jealousy be produced by love, as ashes are by fire, yet jealousy extinguishes love as ashes smother the flame-dd- Marguerite de Navarre . Jealousy is the lifelong noose hanging about the neck of love-dd- Caitlin Thomas . Attachment is the root cause of all misery-dd- Possessiveness is nourishment for the ego-dd- Osho . Jealousy is indeed a poor medium to secure love, but it is a secure medium to destroy one-dd- Emma Goldman . Marriage and its entourage of possession and jealousy enslave the spirit-dd- Irvin D-dd- Yalom . Love looks through a telescope; envy, through a microscope-dd- Josh Billings . Jealousy, that dragon which slays love under the pretence of keeping it alive-dd- Havelock Ellis . Jealousy is that pain which a man feels from the apprehension that he is not equally beloved by the person whom he entirely loves-dd- Joseph Addison . Possessiveness reflects the fear of losing-dd- Abhi . Jealousy would be far less torturous if we understood that love is a passion entirely unrelated to our merits-dd- Paul Eldridge . You call it “jealousy”-dd- I call it “fear of losing you”-dd- Unknown . Jealousy is not so much the love of another as the love of ourselves-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness, of hatred, of jealousy, and, most easily of all, the gate of fear-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr . Jealousy is love in competition-dd- Toba Beta . Where jealousy is, love is not-dd- Idea cannot cover love-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . There is no loss of energy in being in love-dd- The loss of energy is in the tail, in everything that follows — jealousy, possessiveness, suspicion, doubt, the fear of losing that love, the constant demand for reassurance and security-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The happiest person: he enjoys everything without wanting to possess anything-dd- Marty Rubin . He that is not jealous is not in love-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher-dd- Oprah Winfrey . It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered-dd- Aeschylus . Be wary of friends — they will betray you more quickly, for they are easily aroused to envy-dd- Robert Greene . Among real friends there is no rivalry or jealousy of one another, but they are satisfied and contented alike whether they are equal or one of them is superior-dd- Plutarch . There is never any pressure, jealousy or competition but only a quiet calmness when they are around-dd- You can be yourself and not worry about what they will think of you because they love you for who you are-dd- Bob Marley . Many ambitious people hate seeing a friend succeed-dd- Their resentment kills the relationship-dd- This is an error, even from a position of pure self-interest-dd- Successful friends are useful-dd- Surges of envy reveal your desires-dd- The negative feeling originates in you, not the other-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Resentment is like drinking poison and waiting for the other person to die-dd- Carrie Fisher . It is never wise to seek or wish for another’s misfortune-dd- If malice or envy were tangible and had a shape, it would be the shape of a boomerang-dd- Charley Reese . Jealousy is not limited to romantic relationships — jealousy exists between siblings, co-workers and even friends-dd- Shane Parrish . Humans are suspicious and jealous creatures-dd- When they see something perfect, they want to find a flaw-dd- Gosho Aoyama . Mortals are easily tempted to pinch the life out of their neighbor’s buzzing glory, and think that such killing is no murder-dd- George Eliot . If I am all the time measuring myself against you, struggling to be like you, then I am denying what I am myself-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Anger, resentment and jealousy doesn’t change the heart of others – it only changes yours-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . To be discontented with what you are is the very beginning of envy-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Jealousy is the fear or apprehension of superiority: envy our uneasiness under it-dd- William Shenstone . Jealousy is the fire of envy that seeks to destroy another’s beauty, rather than to create its own-dd- Wes Fesler . Jealousy is the fear of comparison-dd- Max Frisch . Don’t compare yourself with anyone in this world-dd- If you do so, you are insulting yourself-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . You can only be jealous of someone who has something you think you ought to have yourself-dd- Margaret Atwood . Comparison is a very foolish attitude, because each person is unique and incomparable-dd- Once this understanding settles in you, jealousy disappears-dd- Osho . Insults and irony are often crutches for the cynical and reactionary-dd- It is easy to attack those who are taking risks or building something-dd- Just don’t be jealous when their risks pay off-dd- Don’t be upset if you aren’t invited into the castle they’ve built-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Learn to deflect envy by drawing attention away from yourself-dd- Develop your sense of self–worth from internal standards and not incessant comparisons-dd- Robert Greene . Do not envy those who seems naturally gifted; it is often a curse-dd- Robert Greene . A lot of people get so hung up on what they can’t have that they don’t think for a second about whether they really want it-dd- Lionel Shriver . The moment there is comparison there must be envy-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . When I want more, not only of the mundane things, of the worldly things but also of love, of beauty, of inward richness, the very movement towards the more, towards the end, towards the thing which you are going to get, has envy behind it-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The very structure of the mind is built on acquisition and envy-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . There is no rest for the person who has envy, and there is no love for the person who has bad manners-dd- Ali ibn Abi Talib . Envy is the tax which all distinction must pay-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Envy is a littleness of soul, which cannot see beyond a certain point, and if it does not occupy the whole space, feels itself excluded-dd- William Hazlitt . Qualities like intelligence, beauty and skills are relative and thus when we compare poorly in comparison to our peers, our self-esteem suffers-dd- Shane Parrish . Much of our self-definition comes from comparison with others-dd- Shane Parrish . Envy, the meanest of vices, creeps on the ground like a serpent-dd- Ovid . Envy is ever joined with the comparing of a man’s self; and where there is no comparison, no envy-dd- Francis Bacon . The best revenge is not to be like your enemy-dd- Marcus Aurelius . To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing and be nothing-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Fame is the penalty of success-dd- Jealousy is the penalty of fame-dd- Sivananda . The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents-dd- Salvador Dalí . Behind every successful person lies a pack of haters-dd- Eminem . Men are so constituted that every one undertakes what he sees another successful in, whether he has aptitude for it or not-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . You have enemies-qq- Good-dd- That means you’ve stood up for something, sometime in your life-dd- Winston Churchill . Of all the passions, jealousy is that which exacts the hardest service, and pays the bitterest wages-dd- Its service is to watch the success of one’s enemy; its wages to be sure of it-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . The jealousy that arises from another’s achievement is overcome by developing an awareness of and admiration for one’s own and other’s achievement-dd- Dalai Lama . When you do well, everybody’s after you, and sometimes the motives are legitimate, and sometimes it’s envy and jealousy-dd- Robert Kraft . #1 gets 90% of the hatred-dd- Most of it has nothing to do with you-dd- People realize they can gain attention by attacking the person with the highest name recognition-dd- Attacking you and feeling superior is easier than learning the lessons from your success-dd- Ignore the noise-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Success is seen as proof of guilt by those with jealous minds and fragile egos-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Obsessing over your enemies will make you more like them-dd- The Stoic Emperor . They will envy you for your success, your wealth, for your intelligence, for your looks, for your status – but rarely for your wisdom-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Know that whoever is trying to bring you down, is already below you-dd- Boonaa Mohammed . When attacked by a moralist persecutor, do not be taken in by their crusade; it is motivated by envy, pure and simple-dd- Robert Greene . Overt power grabs and sharp rises to the top are dangerous, creating envy, distrust, and suspicion-dd- Robert Greene . When emerging from humble beginnings, those around you tend to underestimate your authenticity because they knew you before you were ‘somebody’-dd- Criss Jami . There will always be haters-dd- And the more you grow the more they hate; the more they hate the more you grow-dd- Anthony Liccione . People who can’t stand to see the success of others will never experience their own-dd- Unknown . Haters are just confused admirers because they can’t figure out the reason why everyone loves you-dd- Jeffree Star . The best way to counter-attack a hater is to make it blatantly obvious that their attack has had no impact on you-dd- Tim Ferriss . Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway-dd- You’ll be damned if you do, and damned if you don’t-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . If you’re trying to show off for people at the top, forget it-dd- They will look down on you anyhow-dd- And if you’re trying to show off for people at the bottom, forget it-dd- They will only envy you-dd- Status will get you nowhere-dd- Only an open heart will allow you to float equally between everyone-dd- Mitch Albom . Stop comparing and start creating-dd- Brian Norgard . A man is about as big as the things that make him angry-dd- Winston Churchill . Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time-dd- Drake . Envy is the mother of massacres-dd- The Stoic Emperor . To cure jealousy is to see it for what it is, a dissatisfaction with self-dd- Joan Didion . The worst thing about jealousy is how low it makes you reach-dd- Erica Jong . Jealousy endlessly eats through my mind, and jealously endlessly makes me be unkind-dd- Lou Reed . Envy is the coward side of hate, and all her ways are bleak and desolate-dd- Henry Abbey . Love sees sharply, hatred sees even more sharp, but jealousy sees the sharpest for it is love and hate at the same time-dd- Arab proverb . When someone criticizes you, train to immediately ask yourself: “Would I rather be him/her, or I’d rather be me-qq-” before taking the remark at face value-dd- It works wonders-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Guaranteed prescriptions for misery: Substance Abuse-dd- Being unreliable-dd- Resentment-dd- Envy-dd- Seeking vengeance-dd- Inability to learn from the mistakes of others-dd- Inability to handle failure-dd- Shane Parrish . Never make this mistake of thinking that you elevate yourself by humiliating people-dd- Robert Greene . Anger and jealousy can no more bear to lose sight of their objects than love-dd- George Eliot . Jealousy is bred in doubts-dd- When those doubts change into certainties, then the passion either ceases or turns absolute madness-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . Most haters are stuck in a poisonous mental prison of jealousy and self-doubt that blinds them to their own potentiality-dd- Steve Maraboli . Hatred is active, and envy passive dislike; there is but one step from envy to hate-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Envious sabotage likes to masquerade as principled criticism-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Often those that criticize others reveal what he himself lacks-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . The jealous are troublesome to others, but a torment to themselves-dd- William Penn . Jealousy is the result of one’s lack of self-confidence, self-worth, and self-acceptance-dd- Sasha Azevedo . Those who feel inferior and insecure will often hide it with a mask of discerning superiority-dd- They hope this affect will fool the credulous into thinking a stance taken out of envy is instead a position of singular sophistication and purity-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Jealousy is not a barometer by which the depth of love can be read-dd- It merely records the degree of the lover’s insecurity-dd- Margaret Mead . Jealousy is indeed a poor medium to secure love, but it is a secure medium to destroy one’s self-respect-dd- For jealous people, like dope-fiends, stoop to the lowest level and in the end inspire only disgust and loathing-dd- Emma Goldman . Envy is a symptom of lack of appreciation of our own uniqueness and self-worth-dd- Each of us has something to give that no one else has-dd- Elizabeth O’Connor . Those who are believed to be most abject and humble are usually most ambitious and envious-dd- Baruch Spinoza . Man is jealous because of his amour-propre; woman is jealous because of her lack of it-dd- Germaine Greer . Jealousy is a form a hatred built upon insecurity-dd- Unknown . Jealousy is simply and clearly the fear that you do not have value-dd- Jealousy scans for evidence to prove the point – that others will be preferred and rewarded more than you-dd- There is only one alternative – self-value-dd- If you cannot love yourself, you will not believe that you are loved-dd- You will always think it’s a mistake or luck-dd- Take your eyes off others and turn the scanner within-dd- Find the seeds of your jealousy, clear the old voices and experiences-dd- Put all the energy into building your personal and emotional security-dd- Then you will be the one others envy, and you can remember the pain and reach out to them-dd- Jennifer James . I’ve spent most of my life walking under that hovering cloud, jealousy, whose acid raindrops blurred my vision and burned holes in my heart-dd- Once I learned to use the umbrella of confidence, the skies cleared up for me and the sunshine called joy became my faithful companion-dd- Astrid Alauda . Insecure people only eclipse your sun because they’re jealous of your daylight and tired of their dark, starless nights-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . If you are insecure, guess what-qq- The rest of the world is too-dd- Do not overestimate the competition and underestimate yourself-dd- You are better than you think-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Blessed is he who has learned to admire but not envy, to follow but not imitate, to praise but not flatter, and to lead but not manipulate-dd- William Arthur Ward . 