Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change-dd- Confucius . To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often-dd- Winston Churchill . How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world-dd- Anne Frank . Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change-dd- Stephen Hawking . One day or day one-dd- You decide-dd- Unknown . Today was good-dd- Today was fun-dd- Tomorrow is another one-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . If we don’t change, we don’t grow-dd- If we don’t grow, we aren’t really living-dd- Gail Sheehy . Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced-dd- James Baldwin . Let him that would move the world first move himself-dd- Socrates . Love change, fear staying the same-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Change your thoughts and you change your world-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change-dd- Wayne Dyer . Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change-dd- Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley . Life will only change when you become more committed to your dreams than you are to your comfort zone-dd- Billy Cox . Nothing happens unless something is moved-dd- Albert Einstein . When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves-dd- Viktor Frankl . Life is a process-dd- We are a process-dd- The universe is a process-dd- Anne Wilson Schaef . The art of life lies in a constant readjustment to our surrounding-dd- Kakuzo Okakura (The Book Of Tea) . Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through-dd- Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it-dd- This is a kind of death-dd- Anais Nin . Lack of emotion causes lack of progress and lack of motivation-dd- Tony Robbins . Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Only I can change my life-dd- No one can do it for me-dd- Carol Burnett . The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new-dd- Socrates (Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior) . Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes-dd- Don’t resist them; that only creates sorrow-dd- Let reality be reality-dd- Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like-dd- Lao Tzu . If I am an advocate for anything, it is to move-dd- As far as you can, as much as you can-dd- Across the ocean, or simply across the river-dd- Anthony Bourdain . The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order-dd- Alfred North Whitehead . In any given moment we have two options: to step forward into growth or step back into safety-dd- Abraham Maslow . The larger the change, the more people will resist it-dd- Thus, make it seem so tiny and trivial that people don’t even realize it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . That is at bottom the only courage that is demanded of us: to have courage for the most strange, the most singular and the most inexplicable that we may encounter-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails-dd- William Arthur Ward . The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . People wish to be settled; only as far as they are unsettled is there any hope for them-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Stop being afraid of what could go wrong, and start being excited about what could go right-dd- Tony Robbins . After you’ve done a thing the same way for two years, look it over carefully-dd- After five years, look at it with suspicion-dd- And after ten years, throw it away and start all over-dd- Alfred Edward Perlman . When the winds of change blow, some people build walls and others build windmills-dd- Chinese proverb . What can we take on trust in this uncertain life-qq- Happiness, greatness, pride — nothing is secure, nothing keeps-dd- Euripides . To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly-dd- Henri Bergson . If you want to make enemies, try to change something-dd- Woodrow Wilson . All great changes are preceded by chaos-dd- Deepak Chopra . I didn’t get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it-dd- Estée Lauder (This is one of my favorite change quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Things do not change; we change-dd- Henry David Thoreau . I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples-dd- Mother Teresa . You must be the change you wish to see in the world-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Open your arms to change, but don’t let go of your values-dd- Dalai Lama . If you don’t like something, change it-dd- If you can’t change it, change your attitude-dd- Maya Angelou . A fanatic is one who can’t change his mind and won’t change the subject-dd- Winston Churchill . The dogmas of the quiet past, are inadequate to the stormy present-dd- The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion-dd- As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew-dd- Abraham Lincoln (Annual message to Congress, December 1, 1862) . If you always do what you’ve always done, you’ll always get what you’ve always got-dd- Henry Ford . They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom-dd- Confucius . You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in-dd- Heraclitus . Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better-dd- It’s not-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Don’t spend time beating on a wall, hoping to transform it into a door-dd- Coco Chanel . I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it-dd- Pablo Picasso . Loyalty to a petrified opinion never yet broke a chain or freed a human soul-dd- Mark Twain . Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world-dd- Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has-dd- Margaret Mead . Part 1-dd- I am not an advocate for frequent changes in laws and constitutions, but laws and institutions must go hand in hand with the progress of the human mind-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Part 2-dd- As that becomes more developed, more enlightened, as new discoveries are made, new truths discovered and manners and opinions change, with the change of circumstances, institutions must advance also to keep pace with the times-dd- Thomas Jefferson . I’m not interested in preserving the status quo; I want to overthrow it-dd- Niccolo Machiavelli . The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones that do-dd- Steve Jobs . Few will have the greatness to bend history itself; but each of us can work to change a small portion of events, and in the total of all those acts will be written the history of this generation-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . Change is the law of life and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Change will not come if we wait for some other person or if we wait for some time-dd- We are the ones we’ve been waiting for-dd- Barack Obama . The most important thing to do if you find yourself in a hole is to stop digging-dd- Warren Buffett . A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new-dd- Albert Einstein . It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change-dd- Charles Darwin . If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome-dd- Michael Jordan . All of us, every single year, we’re a different person-dd- I don’t think we’re the same person all our lives-dd- Steven Spielberg . You don’t learn to walk by following rules-dd- You learn by doing and by falling over-dd- Richard Branson (Virgin) . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door-dd- Milton Berle . Your past does not equal your future-dd- Tony Robbins . All is flux; nothing stays still-dd- Heraclitus . All things change; nothing perishes-dd- Ovid . It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows-dd- Epictetus . Think progress, not perfection-dd- Ryan Holiday . The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don’t recognize them-dd- Ann Landers . All good things must come to an end-dd- Geoffrey Chaucer . Change is inevitable-dd- Change is constant-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Change your thinking, change your life-dd- Ernest Holmes . In life you need either inspiration or desperation-dd- Tony Robbins . Enter new waters-dd- Robert Greene . Life is a progress, and not a station-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The future has a way of arriving unannounced-dd- George Will . The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion-dd- Tim Ferriss . Every new day is another chance to change your life-dd- Unknown . People change-dd- Memories don’t-dd- Unknown . The only way out is through-dd- Unknown . Old ways won’t open new doors-dd- Unknown . One small positive thought can change your whole day-dd- Unknown . When life changes to be harder, change yourself to be stronger-dd- Unknown . Pain makes people change-dd- Unknown . Change is the end result of all true learning-dd- Leo Buscaglia . People change and forget to tell each other-dd- Lillian Hellman . The main dangers in this life are the people who want to change everything or nothing-dd- Nancy Astor . Change is the constant, the signal for rebirth, the egg of the phoenix-dd- Christina Baldwin . When you are through changing, you are through-dd- Bruce Barton . The world is always in movement-dd- V-dd-S-dd- Naipaul . The human mind always makes progress, but it is a progress in spirals-dd- Madame de Staël . Become a student of change-dd- It is the only thing that will remain constant-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . Change always comes bearing gifts-dd- Price Pritchett . Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Everything comes to pass, nothing comes to stay-dd- Matthew Flickstein . Our only security is our ability to change-dd- John Lilly . Don’t wait for the right opportunity, create it-dd- George Bernard Shaw . If there is no struggle, there is no progress-dd- Frederick Douglass . Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change-dd- Jim Rohn . We can change our lives-dd- We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish-dd- Tony Robbins . We made the world we’re living in and we have to make it over-dd- James Baldwin . If you want peace, be above your desires-dd- If you want meaning, change something important to you-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you never did you should-dd- These things are fun, and fun is good-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . You’re off to great places-xx- Today is your day-xx- Your mountain is waiting, So get on your way-xx- Dr-dd- Seuss . You’ll be on your way up-xx- You’ll be seeing great sights-xx- You’ll join the high fliers who soar to high heights-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Every day of our lives, we are on the verge of making those slight changes that would make all the difference-dd- Mignon McLaughlin . We do not grow absolutely, chronologically-dd- We grow sometimes in one dimension, and not in another; unevenly-dd- We grow partially-dd- We are relative-dd- We are mature in one realm, childish in another-dd- The past, present, and future mingle and pull us backward, forward, or fix us in the present-dd- We are made up of layers, cells, constellations-dd- Anais Nin . The most important thing to remember is this: To be ready at any moment to give up what you are for what you might become-dd- W-dd-E-dd-B-dd- Du Bois . What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him-dd- What he needs is not the discharge of tension at any cost, but the call of a potential meaning waiting to be fulfilled by him-dd- Victor Frankl . Step out of the history that is holding you back-dd- Step into the new story you are willing to create-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails-dd- Explore, dream, discover-dd- Mark Twain . Every great dream begins with a dreamer-dd- Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world-dd- Harriet Tubman . I’d rather regret the things I’ve done than regret the things I haven’t done-dd- Lucille Ball . We have a hunger of the mind which asks for knowledge of all around us, and the more we gain, the more is our desire; the more we see, the more we are capable of seeing-dd- Maria Mitchell . Part 1-dd- For what it’s worth: it’s never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be-dd- Eric Roth . Part 2-dd- There’s no time limit, stop whenever you want-dd- You can change or stay the same, there are no rules to this thing-dd- Eric Roth . Part 3-dd- We can make the best or the worst of it-dd- I hope you make the best of it-dd- And I hope you see things that startle you-dd- Eric Roth . Part 4-dd- I hope you feel things you never felt before-dd- I hope you meet people with a different point of view-dd- Eric Roth . Part 5-dd- I hope you live a life you’re proud of-dd- If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the courage to start all over again-dd- Eric Roth (The Curious Case of Benjamin Button) . The whole course of human history may depend on a change of heart in one solitary and even humble individual – for it is in the solitary mind and soul of the individual that the battle between good and evil is waged and ultimately won or lost-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . Continuity gives us roots; change gives us branches, letting us stretch and grow and reach new heights-dd- Pauline R-dd- Kezer . Every positive change in your life begins with a clear, unequivocal decisions that you are going to either do something or stop doing something-dd- Unknown . Embrace uncertainty-dd- Some of the most beautiful chapters in our lives won’t have a title until much later-dd- Bob Goff . Your journey has molded you for the greater good, and it was exactly what it needed to be-dd- Don’t think that you’ve lost time-dd- There is no short-cutting to life-dd- It took each and every situation you have encountered to bring you to the now-dd- And now is right on time-dd- Asha Tyson . A man may fulfill the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer, and attempting a task he cannot achieve-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning-dd- Ivy Baker Priest . Sometimes the smallest step in the right direction can be the biggest step of your life-dd- Naeem Callaway . Change is hard at first, messy in the middle and gorgeous at the end-dd- Unknown . What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly-dd- Richard Bach . Change is inevitable — except from a vending machine-dd- Robert C-dd- Gallagher . You can judge your age by the amount of pain you feel when you come in contact with a new idea-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Faced with the choice between changing one’s mind and proving that there is no need to do so, almost everyone gets busy on the proof-dd- John Kenneth Galbraith . If you’re in a bad situation, don’t worry it’ll change-dd- If you’re in a good situation, don’t worry it’ll change-dd- John A-dd- Simone Sr . Time is a dressmaker specializing in alterations-dd- Faith Baldwin . It is not necessary to change-dd- Survival is not mandatory-dd- W-dd- Edwards Deming . The more you adapt, the more interesting you are-dd- Martha Stewart . We spend our time searching for security and hate it when we get it-dd- John Steinbeck . You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler-dd- Denis Waitley . You always have the choice between comfort and discomfort, mediocrity and growth, fitting in and standing out-dd- Maxime Lagacé . To change is to think greater than how we feel-dd- To change is to act greater than the familiar feelings of the memorized self-dd- Joe Dispenza . To change is to think greater than your environment-dd- Joe Dispenza . You can waste your lives drawing lines-dd- Or you can live your life crossing them-dd- Shonda Rhimes . The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why-dd- Mark Twain . Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be-dd- Thomas A Kempis . Only within the moment of time represented by the present century has one species – man – acquired significant power to alter the nature of his world-dd- Rachel Carson . People don’t change-dd- Only their costumes do-dd- Gene Moore . Grief does not change you, Hazel-dd- It reveals you-dd- John Green (The Fault in Our Stars) . The heresy of one age becomes the orthodoxy of the next-dd- Helen Keller . If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Most of the change we think we see in life is due to truths being in and out of favor-dd- Robert Frost . We all have big changes in our lives that are more or less a second chance-dd- Harrison Ford . Part 1-dd- For nothing is fixed, forever and forever and forever, it is not fixed; the earth is always shifting, the light is always changing, the sea does not cease to grind down rock-dd- James Baldwin . Part 2-dd- Generations do not cease to be born, and we are responsible to them because we are the only witnesses they have-dd- The sea rises, the light fails, lovers cling to each other, and children cling to us-dd- The moment we cease to hold each other, the sea engulfs us and the light goes out-dd- James Baldwin . Change means movement-dd- Movement means friction-dd- Only in the frictionless vacuum of a nonexistent abstract world can movement or change occur without that abrasive friction of conflict-dd- Saul Alinsky . Without accepting the fact that everything changes, we cannot find perfect composure-dd- But unfortunately, although it is true, it is difficult for us to accept it-dd- Because we cannot accept the truth of transience, we suffer-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Your mind is your predicament-dd- It wants to be free of change-dd- Free of pain, free of the obligations of life and death-dd- But change is law and no amount of pretending will alter that reality-dd- Socrates . No two men ever judged alike of the same thing, and it is impossible to find two opinions exactly similar, not only in different men but in the same men at different times-dd- Michel Montaigne . On the precipice of any great change, we can see with terrifying clarity the familiar firm footing we stand to lose, but we fill the abyss of the unfamiliar before us with dread at the potential loss rather than jubilation over the potential gain of gladnesses and gratifications we fail to envision because we haven’t yet experienced them-dd- Maria Popova . In nature every moment is new; the past is always swallowed and forgotten… Nothing is secure but life, transition, the energizing spirit-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The need for certainty is the greatest disease the mind faces-dd- Robert Greene . Change may be alarming, but it is also refreshing – even exhilarating-dd- Robert Greene . The man who looks for security, even in the mind, is like a man who would chop off his limbs in order to have artificial ones which will give him no pain or trouble-dd- Henry Miller . The past is the present, and the present the future, to the non-progressive mind-dd- James Lendall Basford . We did not change as we grew older; we just became more clearly ourselves-dd- Lynn Hall . Every beginning is a consequence — every beginning ends some thing-dd- Paul Valery . Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are-dd- Bertold Brecht . If you want to truly understand something, try to change it-dd- Kurt Lewin . The bamboo that bends is stronger than the oak that resists-dd- Japanese proverb . A scholar who loves comfort is not fit to be called a scholar-dd- Confucius . You cannot change what you are, only what you do-dd- Philip Pullman . If you have always done it that way, it is probably wrong-dd- Charles Kettering . Amateurs see change coming and become scared-dd- Geniuses seek change and arrive at flow the closer they get to truth-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Personal transformation is not a group affair-dd- It’s a single player game-dd- Groups are where everything significant becomes confounded and gets lost amid promiscuous non seriousness-dd- Only the individual can sustain the purity, focus and prolonged intensity needed for radical change-dd- The Ancient Sage . You have to know who you are to grow your potential-dd- But you have to grow in order to know who you are-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . When we blindly adopt a religion, a political system, a literary dogma, we become automatons-dd- We cease to grow-dd- Anais Nin . I cannot say whether things will get better if we change; what I can say is they must change if they are to get better-dd- Georg C-dd- Lichtenberg . They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself-dd- Andy Warhol . All men make mistakes, but a good man yields when he knows his course is wrong, and repairs the evil-dd- The only crime is pride-dd- Sophocles . Every possession and every happiness is but lent by chance for an uncertain time, and may therefore be demanded back the next hour-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Do I contradict myself-qq- Very well, then, I contradict myself; I am large – I contain multitudes-dd- Walt Whitman . If you don’t like change, you’re going to like irrelevance even less-dd- General Eric Shinseki . Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change-dd- Thomas Hardy . Nothing is absolute-dd- Everything changes, everything moves, everything revolves, everything flies and goes away-dd- Frida Kahlo . Learn wisdom from the ways of a seedling-dd- A seedling which is never hardened off through stressful situations will never become a strong productive plant-dd- Stephen Sigmund . Everything will be alright does not mean everything will stay the same-dd- Unknown . The 3 C’s in life: Choice, Chance, Change-dd- You must make the Choice, to take the Chance, if you want anything in life to Change-dd- Unknown . Don’t be afraid to change-dd- You may lose something good, but you may gain something even better-dd- Unknown . Every ultimate fact is only the first of a new series… The new statement is always hated by the old, and, to those dwelling in the old, comes like an abyss of skepticism-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . You must learn a new way to think before you can master a new way to be-dd- Marianne Williamson . Those who expect moments of change to be comfortable and free of conflict have not learned their history-dd- Joan Wallach Scott . The man who never alters his opinion is like standing water, and breeds reptiles of the mind-dd- William Blake . Stubbornness does have its helpful features-dd- You always know what you are going to be thinking tomorrow-dd- Glen Beaman . What you have become is the price you paid to get what you used to want-dd- Mignon McLaughlin . The wheel of change moves on, and those who were down go up and those who were up go down-dd- Jawaharlal Nehru . People around you, constantly under the pull of their emotions, change their ideas by the day or by the hour, depending on their mood-dd- You must never assume that what people say or do in a particular moment is a statement of their permanent desires-dd- Robert Greene . Do not waste time on things you cannot change or influence-dd- Robert Greene . All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward-dd- Ellen Glasgow . Why fit in when you were born to stand out-qq- Dr-dd- Seuss . Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Growth itself contains the germ of happiness-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly our whole life would change-dd- Buddha . I see my life as an unfolding set of opportunities to awaken-dd- Ram Dass . Accept who you are but be willing the change for the better-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Life is changing all the time and if we fail to change with it we get left behind-dd- Brian Colbert . Change is never a matter of ability, it’s always a matter of motivation-dd- Tony Robbins . What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds-dd- Wayne Dyer . I have come to accept life as a process, and am satisfied that in my ever-going process, I am constantly discovering, expanding, finding the cause of my ignorance, in martial art and especially in life-dd- In short, to be real… Bruce Lee . To change one’s life; Start immediately-dd- Do it flamboyantly-dd- No exceptions-dd- William James . You will never change your life until you change something you do daily-dd- Mike Murdoch . The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die-dd- As well the minds which are prevented from changing their opinions; they cease to be mind-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . You can’t stop the future-dd- You can’t rewind the past-dd- The only way to learn the secret… is to press play-dd- Jay Asher (Thirteen Reasons Why) . Everything you now do is something you have chosen to do-dd- Some people don’t want to believe that-dd- But if you’re over age twenty-one, your life is what you’re making of it-dd- To change your life, you need to change your priorities-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Do not be afraid of change or chaos-dd- Embrace it by being as fluid as possible-dd- Robert Greene . Your days are numbered-dd- Will you pass them half awake and halfhearted or will you live with a sense of urgency-qq- Robert Greene . The minute that you understand that you can poke life and actually something will, you know if you push in, something will pop out the other side, that you can change it, you can mold it-dd- That’s maybe the most important thing-dd- It’s to shake off this erroneous notion that life is there and you’re just gonna live in it, versus embrace it, change it, improve it, make your mark upon it-dd- Steve Jobs (Check out this nice YouTube video) . You were born with the ability to change someone’s life – don’t ever waste it-dd- Unknown . One smile, can start a friendship-dd- One word, can end a fight-dd- One look, can save a relationship-dd- One person can change your whole life-dd- Unknown . Your mind is a powerful things-dd- When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change-dd- Unknown . If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Stop being who you were and become who you are-dd- Paulo Coelho . Find joy in everything you choose to do-dd- Every job, relationship, home… it’s your responsibility to love it, or change it-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another-dd- Anatole France . If you would attain to what you are not yet, you must always be displeased by what you are-dd- For where you are pleased with yourself there you have remained-dd- Keep adding, keep walking, keep advancing-dd- Saint Augustine . Few can accept happiness if it means change-dd- We want the life we have now, only happier-dd- Robert Brault . It’s the most unhappy people who most fear change-dd- Mignon McLaughlin . Destiny is not a matter of chance; but a matter of choice-dd- William Jennings . We become what we habitually contemplate-dd- George Russell . Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle-dd- Napoleon Hill . You don’t have to hold yourself hostage to who you used to be-dd- Oprah Winfrey . If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten-dd- Tony Robbins . I am made and remade continually-dd- Different people draw different words from me-dd- Virginia Woolf . You will never know yourself completely-dd- You are life-dd- You are ever changing-dd- And that’s fine-dd- Just keep going-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The most beautiful and profound way to change yourself is to accept yourself completely, as imperfect as you are-dd- Maxime Lagacé . What you must do now is to adapt fast-dd- The world belongs to those who can change fast-dd- Maxime Lagacé . We cannot change what we are not aware of, and once we are aware, we cannot help but change-dd- Sheryl Sandberg . What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality-dd- Plutarch . Be the change you want to see happen rather than trying to change anyone else-dd- Arleen Lorrance . There’s only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that’s your own self-dd- Aldous Huxley . If we could change ourselves, the tendencies in the world would also change-dd- As a man changes his own nature, so does the attitude of the world change towards him-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . If we want to change the world, we change ourselves-dd- Jack Ma (alibaba-dd-com) . You have brains in your head-dd- You have feet in your shoes-dd- You can steer yourself any direction you choose-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Change is slow and gradual-dd- It requires hard work, a bit of luck, a fair amount of self-sacrifice, and a lot of patience-dd- Robert Greene . The best way to protect yourself is to be as fluid and formless as water; never bet on stability or lasting order-dd- Everything changes-dd- Robert Greene . It is the hard days, the times that challenge you to your very core, that determine who you are-dd- Sheryl Sandberg . Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement-dd- Golda Meir . So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being-dd- Henri-Frederic Amiel . If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one-dd- Dolly Parton . It’s not so much that we’re afraid of change or so in love with the old ways, but it’s that place in between that we fear-dd- Marilyn Ferguson . I have accepted fear as part of life – specifically the fear of change… I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says “turn back…” Erica Jong . It takes a lot of courage to release the familiar and seemingly secure, to embrace the new-dd- But there is no real security in what is no longer meaningful-dd- There is more security in the adventurous and exciting, for in movement there is life, and in change there is power-dd- Alan Cohen . Your assumptions are your windows on the world-dd- Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won’t come in-dd- Isaac Asimov . You’re always you, and that don’t change, and you’re always changing, and there’s nothing you can do about it-dd- Neil Gaiman . The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become-dd- Charles Dubois . You can’t change what’s going on around you until you start changing what’s going on within you-dd- Unknown . Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world-dd- Today I am wise, so I am changing myself-dd- Rumi . I will not carry a thing to its culmination simply because I entered in-dd- I may have said I wanted it, but I will have the courage to say, “I have changed my mind-dd-” Muriel Strode . It’s humbling to start fresh-dd- It takes a lot of courage…-dd- You just have to put your ego on a shelf and tell it to be quiet-dd- Jennifer Ritchie Payette . Life is very tough-dd- If you don’t laugh, it’s tough-dd- Joan Rivers . What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Never a failure, always a lesson-dd- Unknown . Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher, can change the world-dd- Malala Yousafzai . So, open your mouth, lad-xx- For every voice counts-xx- Dr-dd- Seuss . Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world-dd- Nelson Mandela . If you want a peaceful world, be peaceful yourself-dd- If you want a generous world, be generous yourself-dd- All macro changes start by micro changes-dd- Maxime Lagacé . No one changes the world who isn’t obsessed-dd- Billie Jean King . Each of us can make a difference, and all of us ought to try-dd- Barack Obama . Never ever depend on governments or institutions to solve any major problems-dd- All social change comes from the passion of individuals-dd- Margaret Mead . Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle-dd- And so we must straighten our backs and work for our freedom-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . The world is moving so fast these days that the one who says it can’t be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it-dd- Harry Emerson Fosdick . You really can change the world if you care enough-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . If you don’t like the way the world is, you change it-dd- You have an obligation to change it You just do it one step at a time-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn-dd- Gloria Steinem . Let your smile change the world but never let the world change your smile-dd- Unknown . Ask not what your country can do for you – ask what you can do for your country-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . To me success means effectiveness in the world, that I am able to carry my ideas and values into the world – that I am able to change it in positive ways-dd- Maxine Hong Kingston . The philosophers have only interpreted the world, in various ways-dd- The point, however, is to change it-dd- Karl Marx . As you grow older you will discover that you have two hands-dd- One for helping yourself, the other for helping others-dd- Audrey Hepburn . There are just some kind of men who’re so busy worrying about the next world they’ve never learned to live in this one-dd- Harper Lee . When people are ready to, they change-dd- They never do it before then, and sometimes they die before they get around to it-dd- You can’t make them change if they don’t want to, just like when they do want to, you can’t stop them-dd- Andy Warhol . At the end of the day, it’s not about what you have or even what you’ve accomplished-dd- It’s about what you’ve done with those accomplishments-dd- It’s about who you’ve lifted up, who you’ve made better-dd- It’s about what you’ve given back-dd- Denzel Washington . You change the world by being yourself-dd- Yoko Ono . Vision without action is merely a dream-dd- Action without vision just passes the time-dd- Vision with action can change the world-dd- Joel A-dd- Barker . Time, which changes people, does not alter the image we have retained of them-dd- Marcel Proust . People do not change, they are merely revealed-dd- Anne Enright . Part 1-dd- When I was a young man, I wanted to change the world-dd- I found it was difficult to change the world, so I tried to change my nation-dd- Unknown . Part 2-dd- When I found I couldn’t change the nation, I began to focus on my town-dd- I couldn’t change the town and as an older man, I tried to change my family-dd- Unknown . Part 3-dd- Now, as an old man, I realize the only thing I can change is myself, and suddenly I realize that if long ago I had changed myself, I could have made an impact on my family-dd- Unknown . Part 4-dd- My family and I could have made an impact on our town-dd- Their impact could have changed the nation and I could indeed have changed the world-dd- Unknown . I wanted to change the world-dd- But I have found that the only thing one can be sure of changing is oneself-dd- Aldous Huxley . You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . To say goodbye is to die a little-dd- Raymond Chandler . Change, like healing, takes time-dd- Veronica Roth . Things change-dd- And friends leave-dd- Life doesn’t stop for anybody-dd- Stephen Chbosky . If you love deeply, you’re going to get hurt badly-dd- But it’s still worth it-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Love evolves-dd- It starts like a wild fire and finishes like embers-dd- Maxime Lagacé . We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love-dd- Tom Robbins . Love can change a person the way a parent can change a baby- awkwardly, and often with a great deal of mess-dd- Lemony Snicket . Don’t change yourself so that other people will like you-dd- Be yourself so that the right people will love you-dd- Unknown . A person needs at intervals to separate from family and companions and go to new places-dd- One must go without familiars in order to be open to influences, to change-dd- Katharine Butler Hathaway . If you were all alone in the universe with no one to talk to, no one with which to share the beauty of the stars, to laugh with, to touch, what would be your purpose in life-qq- It is other life, it is love, which gives your life meaning-dd- This is harmony-dd- We must discover the joy of each other, the joy of challenge, the joy of growth-dd- Mitsugi Saotome . A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . There came a time when the risk to remain tight in the bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom-dd- Anais Nin . Anger, resentment and jealousy doesn’t change the heart of others – it only changes yours-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Every woman that finally figured out her worth, has picked up her suitcases of pride and boarded a flight to freedom, which landed in the valley of change-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . You never have a friend all figured out-dd- Just when you think you know what makes them tick, they tock-dd- Robert Brault . Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . We cannot change anything until we accept it-dd- Condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . Will you look back on life and say, “I wish I had,” or “I’m glad I did”-qq- Zig Ziglar . Growth is the only evidence of life-dd- John Henry Newman . If you don’t risk anything, you risk even more-dd- Erica Jong . Your big opportunity may be right where you are standing right now-dd- Napoleon Hill . If things start happening, don’t worry, don’t stew, just go right along and you’ll start happening too-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . The more you love, the more you risk-dd- The more you risk, the more you experience-dd- The more your experience, the more your learn-dd- The more your learn, the more you grow-dd- The more you grow, the more you’re living-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you don’t look back at yourself and think, “Wow, how stupid I was a year ago,” then you must not have learned much in the last year-dd- Ray Dalio . Just for the record darling, not all positive change feels positive in the beginning-dd- S-dd-C-dd- Lourie . The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled-dd- For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . Why do you go away-qq- So that you can come back-dd- So that you can see the place you came from with new eyes and extra colors-dd- And the people there see you differently, too-dd- Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving-dd- Terry Pratchett . It must happen to us all… We pack up what we’ve learned so far and leave the familiar behind-dd- No fun, that shearing separation, but somewhere within, we must dimly know that saying goodbye to safety brings the only security we’ll ever know-dd- Richard Bach . Negative emotions like loneliness, envy, and guilt have an important role to play in a happy life; they’re big, flashing signs that something needs to change-dd- Gretchen Rubin . The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress-dd- Charles Kettering . Change does not necessarily assure progress, but progress implacably requires change-dd- Education is essential to change, for education creates both new wants and the ability to satisfy them-dd- Henry Steele Commager . Progress lies not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be-dd- Kahlil Gibran . We are either progressing or retrograding all the while-dd- There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life-dd- James Freeman Clarke . The object of a new year is not that we should have a new year-dd- It is that we should have a new soul-dd- G-dd- K-dd- Chesterton . The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live-dd- Mortimer Adler . People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously-dd- This is how character is built-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . If change is forced upon you, you must resist the temptation to overreact or feel sorry for yourself-dd- Robert Greene . Growth is painful-dd- Change is painful-dd- But nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don’t belong-dd- Unknown . It’s okay to be scared-dd- Being scared means you’re about to do something really, really, brave-dd- Unknown . One of the happiest moments ever is when you find the courage to let go of what you can’t change-dd- Unknown . Some people don’t like change, but you need to embrace change if the alternative is disaster-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla) . He who rejects change is the architect of decay-dd- The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery-dd- Harold Wilson . Change is as inexorable as time, yet nothing meets with more resistance-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Rather than wishing for change, you first must be prepared to change-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don’t adjust the goals, adjust the action steps-dd- Confucius . Fix your eyes forward on what you can do, not back on what you cannot change-dd- Tom Clancy . Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . We are products of our past, but we don’t have to be prisoners of it-dd- Rick Warren . Innovation is the ability to see change as an opportunity – not a threat-dd- Steve Jobs . My job is not to be easy on people-dd- My job is to make them better-dd- Steve Jobs . To succeed in this world, you have to change all the time-dd- Sam Walton (Walmart) . Entrepreneurship is about creating change, not just companies-dd- Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook) . See yourself as a cheetah: your speed is important but changing direction fast even more-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Make the first step and you’ll be closer than you were-dd- Richard Branson . Business opportunities are like buses, there’s always another one coming-dd- Richard Branson . Step with care and great tact, and remember that life’s a great balancing act-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . In times of change, learners inherit the Earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists-dd- Eric Hoffer . You must have long term goals to keep you from being frustrated by short term failures-dd- Charles C-dd- Noble . What I am demanding of other people is what I am demanding of myself-dd- Margaret Mead . The most successful people are those who are good at plan B-dd- James Yorke . Society, community, family are all conserving institutions-dd- They try to maintain stability, and to prevent, or at least to slow down, change-dd- But the organization of the post-capitalist society of organizations is a destabilizer-dd- Because its function is to put knowledge to work – on tools, processes, and products; on work; on knowledge itself – it must be organized for constant change-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . New insights fail to get put into practice because they conflict with deeply held internal images of how the world works … images that limit us to familiar ways of thinking and acting-dd- That is why the discipline of managing mental models — surfacing, testing, and improving our internal pictures of how the world works — promises to be a major breakthrough for learning organizations-dd- Peter Senge . One area in which human nature will never change: People will congregate around a single strong personality like planets orbiting a sun-dd- Robert Greene . Keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final-dd- Roger W-dd- Babson . Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions-dd- Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great-dd- Mark Twain . The inability of those in power to still the voices of their own consciences is the great force leading to change-dd- Kenneth Kaunda . If you’re not doing some things that are crazy, then you’re doing the wrong things-dd- Larry Page (Google) . He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils; for time is the greatest innovator-dd- Francis Bacon . Things alter for the worse spontaneously, if they be not altered for the better designedly-dd- Francis Bacon . You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight-dd- Jim Rohn . LAW #45: Preach the need for change, but never reform too much at once-dd- Robert Greene #48lawsofpower . Be ruthless on yourself; do not repeat the same tired methods-dd- Robert Greene . Can you take criticism and use it constructively-qq- Robert Greene . The only way that we can live, is if we grow-dd- The only way that we can grow is if we change-dd- The only way that we can change is if we learn-dd- The only way we can learn is if we are exposed-dd- And the only way that we can become exposed is if we throw ourselves out into the open-dd- Do it-dd- Throw yourself-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . 