The rich invest in time, the poor invest in money-dd- Warren Buffett . The more you learn, the more you earn-dd- Warren Buffett . If you make meaning, you’ll make money-dd- Guy Kawasaki . Rich people believe “I create my life”-dd- Poor people believe “Life happens to me”-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Earn with your mind, not your time-dd- Naval Ravikant . Trade money for time, not time for money-dd- You’re going to run out of time first-dd- Naval Ravikant . Stop buying things you don’t need, to impress people you don’t even like-dd- Suze Orman . If it’s only about money we are hopeless-dd- If it’s about people we are hopeful-dd- Maxime Lagacé . There are people who have money and people who are rich-dd- Coco Chanel . I make myself rich by making my wants few-dd- Henry David Thoreau . When I had money everyone called me brother-dd- Polish proverb . Don’t just make money, make a difference-dd- Grant Cardone . Money moves from those who do not manage it to those who do-dd- Dave Ramsey . The money you have gives you freedom; the money you pursue enslaves you-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money-dd- W-dd- C-dd- Fields . My favorite things in life don’t cost any money-dd- It’s really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time-dd- Steve Jobs . Wealth is not about having a lot of money; it’s about having a lot of options-dd- Chris Rock . That man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Invest in as much of yourself as you can, you are your own biggest asset by far-dd- Warren Buffett . Formal education will make you a living-dd- Self-education will make you a fortune-dd- Jim Rohn . Don’t let making a living prevent you from making a life-dd- John Wooden . Money is a great servant but a bad master-dd- Francis Bacon . I think everybody should get rich and famous and do everything they ever dreamed of so they can see that it’s not the answer-dd- Jim Carrey . Spend your money on the things money can buy-dd- Spend your time on the things money can’t buy-dd- Haruki Murakami . I don’t want to make money-dd- I just want to be wonderful-dd- Marilyn Monroe . The ultimate purpose of money is so that you do not have to be in a specific place at a specific time doing anything you don’t want to do-dd- Naval Ravikant . Seek wealth, not money or status-dd- Wealth is having assets that earn while you sleep-dd- Money is how we transfer time and wealth-dd- Status is your place in the social hierarchy-dd- Naval Ravikant . Money is numbers and numbers never end-dd- If it takes money to be happy, your search for happiness will never end-dd- Bob Marley . The best way to become a billionaire is to help a billion people-dd- Peter Diamandis . The rich invest their money and spend what is left; the poor spend their money and invest what is left-dd- Jim Rohn . Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition-dd- It asks too little of yourself-dd- And it will leave you unfulfilled-dd- Barack Obama . You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity-dd- Thomas Wolfe . It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor-dd- Seneca . Not he who has much is rich, but he who gives much-dd- Erich Fromm (This is one of my favorite money quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Rule No-dd- 1: Never lose money-dd- Rule No-dd- 2: Never forget Rule No-dd- 1-dd- Warren Buffett . I always knew I was going to be rich-dd- I don’t think I ever doubted it for a minute-dd- Warren Buffett . We don’t make movies to make money, we make money to make more movies-dd- Walt Disney . Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Money is not the only answer, but it makes a difference-dd- Barack Obama . Money can’t buy happiness, but it will certainly get you a better class of memories-dd- Ronald Reagan . Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score-dd- The real excitement is playing the game-dd- Donald Trump . Simply put: we don’t build services to make money; we make money to build better services-dd- And we think this is a good way to build something-dd- Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook) . I believe the power to make money is a gift of God-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . There is only one boss-dd- The customer-dd- And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else-dd- Sam Walton (Walmart) . The rich cannot accumulate wealth without the co-operation of the poor in society-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . If you can get paid for doing what you love, every paycheck is a bonus Oprah Winfrey . We have always believed that it’s possible to make money without being evil-dd- Larry Page (Google) . Money won’t create success, the freedom to make it will-dd- Nelson Mandela . Capital as such is not evil; it is its wrong use that is evil-dd- Capital in some form or other will always be needed-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . We buy things we don’t need with money we don’t have to impress people we don’t like-dd- Tyler Durden (Fight Club) . Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money-dd- Johnny Cash . My formula for success is rise early, work late and strike oil-dd- J-dd- Paul Getty . When it is a question of money, everybody is of the same religion-dd- Voltaire . All the money you made will never buy back your soul-dd- Bob Dylan . It is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating-dd- Oscar Wilde . I don’t care too much for money, for money can’t buy me love-dd- The Beatles . I’d like to live as a poor man with lots of money-dd- Pablo Picasso . Rich people are committed to being rich-dd- Poor people want to be rich-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Rich people focus on opportunities-dd- Poor people focus on obstacles-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . It does not take money to make money-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . All money is a matter of belief-dd- Adam Smith . Money may be spent but never squandered-dd- Li Ka Shing . A man in debt is so far a slave-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Money is like manure-dd- You have to spread it around or it smells-dd- J-dd- Paul Getty . Money is a way of measuring wealth but is not wealth in itself-dd- Alan Watts . Don’t go broke trying to go rich-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Money doesn’t change people-dd- It unmasks them-dd- Unknown . Money is the best deodorant-dd- Elizabeth Taylor . Life is a game-dd- Money is how we keep score-dd- Ted Turner . Rich people think big-dd- Poor people think small-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Rich people play the money game to win-dd- Poor people play the money game to not lose-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Money grows on the tree of persistence-dd- Japanese proverb . The fools in life want things fast and easy — money, success, attention-dd- Robert Greene . If money’s where you find happiness, you’ll always be poor-dd- NF . If you cannot control your emotions, you cannot control your money-dd- Warren Buffett . Money, like vodka, turns a person into an eccentric-dd- Anton Chekhov . Money has no grey areas-dd- You either make it or you lose it-dd- Kevin O’Leary (Shark Tank) . Words are the money of fools-dd- Thomas Hobbes . Fortune sides with him who dares-dd- Virgil . The goal isn’t more money-dd- The goal is living life on your terms-dd- Chris Brogan . Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination-dd- Oscar Wilde . I find out what the world needs-dd- Then, I go ahead and invent it-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Make your goal more than money-dd- Make it about helping people and creating a better future-dd- Maxime Lagacé . It’s not how much money you make, but how much money you keep, how hard it works for you, and how many generations you keep it for-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . There is gold everywhere-dd- Most people are not trained to see it-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Like Warren, I had a considerable passion to get rich, not because I wanted Ferraris – I wanted the independence-dd- I desperately wanted it-dd- Charlie Munger . Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work-dd- Thomas Edison . I’m hard working, frugal, steadfast, willing to learn and to build a credible name-dd- Li Ka Shing . What matters is that you achieve success and become free-dd- Then you can do whatever you like-dd- Kevin O’Leary (Shark Tank) . It’s not about the money-dd- It’s about the life I want to live-dd- Unknown . If your goal is to be comfortable, chances are you’ll never get rich-dd- But if your goal is to be rich, chances are you’ll end up mighty comfortable-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker (Secrets of the Millionaire Mind) . Rich people act in spite of fear-dd- Poor people let fear stop them-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Rich people choose to get paid based on results-dd- Poor people choose to get paid based on time-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Keep your eye on the goal, keep moving toward your target-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . It’s simple arithmetic: “Your income can grow only to the extent you do”-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Where the determination is, the way can be found-dd- George S-dd- Clason (The Richest Man in Babylon) . Opportunity is a haughty goddess who wastes no time with those who are unprepared-dd- George S-dd- Clason (The Richest Man in Babylon) . To fulfill a dream, to be allowed to sweat over lonely labor, to be given a chance to create, is the meat and potatoes of life-dd- The money is the gravy-dd- Bette Davis . You have to be myopic and completely focused and unbalanced in every way-dd- Once you’ve achieved success, you’re free to do whatever you like-dd- Kevin O’Leary (Shark Tank) . Someone’s sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago-dd- Warren Buffett . If you don’t find a way to make money while you sleep, you will work until you die-dd- Warren Buffett . If you don’t get serious about your money you will never have serious money-dd- Grant Cardone . Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math-dd- Ambrose Bierce . Does running out of money count as exercise-qq- Unknown . It’s amazing how fast later comes when you buy now-dd- Milton Berle . Taking drugs and thinking that you are happy is like taking a loan and thinking you have money-dd- Thibaut . Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit-dd- George Carlin . A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don’t need it-dd- Bob Hope . Cocaine is God’s way of telling you you are making too much money-dd- Robin Williams . If you didn’t get the deferred-gratification gene, you’ve got to work very hard to overcome that-dd- Charlie Munger . Men are like bank accounts-dd- Without a lot of money they don’t generate a lot of interest-dd- Unknown . There’s no money in poetry, but then there’s no poetry in money, either-dd- Robert Graves . If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to-dd- Dorothy Parker . Inflation is taxation without legislation-dd- Milton Friedman . People say that money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you have enough money, you can have a key made-dd- Joan Rivers . Investing should be more like watching paint dry or watching grass grow-dd- If you want excitement, take $800 and go to Las Vegas-dd- Paul Samuelson . I love money-dd- I love everything about it-dd- I bought some pretty good stuff-dd- Got me a $300 pair of socks-dd- Got a fur sink-dd- An electric dog polisher-dd- A gasoline powered turtleneck sweater-dd- And, of course, I bought some dumb stuff, too-dd- Steve Martin . Money and women are the most sought after and the least known about of any two things we have-dd- Will Rogers . The quickest way to double your money is to fold it in half and put it in your back pocket-dd- Will Rogers . Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don’t have for something they don’t need-dd- Will Rogers . If you think nobody cares if you’re alive, try missing a couple of car payments-dd- Earl Wilson . The funny thing is, the people who work really hard, they work really hard so they can sit on their ass – they just want to sit on their ass in nicer surroundings-dd- Karl Pilkington . When I was young I thought that money was the most important thing in life; now that I am old I know that it is-dd- Oscar Wilde . Someone asked me why women don’t gamble as much as men do, and I gave the commonsensical reply that we don’t have as much money-dd- That was a true and incomplete answer-dd- In fact, women’s total instinct for gambling is satisfied by marriage-dd- Gloria Steinem . Rich people have small TVs and big libraries, and poor people have small libraries and big TVs-dd- Zig Ziglar . Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys-dd- P-dd- J-dd- O’Rourke . Money can buy you a fine dog, but only love can make him wag his tail-dd- Kinky Friedman . Whoever said money can’t buy happiness simply didn’t know where to go shopping-dd- Gertrude Stein . I put a dollar in one of those change machines-dd- Nothing changed-dd- George Carlin . Some people are so poor, all they have is money-dd- Unknown . There are two things people want more than sex and money… recognition and praise-dd- Mary Kay Ash . Money is only a tool-dd- It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver-dd- Ayn Rand . I refuse to apologize for my ability – I refuse to apologize for my success – I refuse to apologize for my money-dd- If this is evil, make the most of it-dd- Ayn Rand . The way to stop financial joyriding is to arrest the chauffeur, not the automobile-dd- Woodrow Wilson . Money is multiplied in practical value depending on the number of W’s you control in your life: what you do, when you do it, where you do it, and with whom you do it-dd- Tim Ferriss . Making money is a common sense-dd- It’s not rocket science-dd- But unfortunately, when it comes to money, common sense is uncommon-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . You either make sense or you make money-dd- R-dd- Buckminster Fuller . When you’re finally wealthy, you’ll realize that it wasn’t what you were seeking in the first place-dd- Naval Ravikant . He sacrifices his health in order to make money-dd- Then he sacrifices money to recuperate his health-dd- And then he is so anxious about the future that he does not enjoy the present; the result being that he does not live in the present or the future; he lives as if he is never going to die, and then dies having never really lived-dd- Dalai Lama . Rich people stay rich by living like they are broke-dd- Broke people stay broke by living like they are rich-dd- Unknown . You were not born to just pay bills and die-dd- Unknown . There is a gigantic difference between earning a great deal of money and being rich-dd- Marlene Dietrich . When you know how to make money, you’re obligated to-dd- Marshall Sylver . It’s a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money-dd- Albert Camus . Money is the alienated essence of man’s work and existence; this essence dominates him and he worships it-dd- Karl Marx . Many folks think they aren’t good at earning money, when what they don’t know is how to use it-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual doom-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . They deem me mad because I will not sell my days for gold; and I deem them mad because they think my days have a price-dd- Kahlil Gibran . So many people of wealth understand much more about making and saving money than about using and enjoying it-dd- They fail to live because they are always preparing to live-dd- Alan Watts . It doesn’t matter about money; having it, not having it-dd- Or having clothes, or not having them-dd- You’re still left alone with yourself in the end-dd- Billy Idol . It is not the employer who pays the wages-dd- Employers only handle the money-dd- It is the customer who pays the wages-dd- Henry Ford . Fortune is like glass – the brighter the glitter, the more easily broken-dd- Publilius Syrus . You can make money or you can make sense-dd- The two are mutually exclusive-dd- R-dd- Buckminster Fuller . Frugality includes all the other virtues-dd- Cicero . Just because you can afford it doesn’t mean you should buy it-dd- Suze Orman . He that wants money, means, and content is without three good friends-dd- William Shakespeare . The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell-dd- Confucius . You don’t get rich by spending your time to save money-dd- You get rich by saving your time to make money-dd- Naval Ravikant . Change your focus from making money to serving more people-dd- Serving people makes the money come in-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Success is not the result of making money; earning money is the result of success – and success is in direct proportion to our service-dd- Earl Nightingale . Real wealth is not about money-dd- Real wealth is: not having to go to meetings, not having to spend time with jerks, not being locked into status games, not feeling like you have to say “yes”, not worrying about others claiming your time and energy-dd- Real wealth is about freedom-dd- James Clear . Human beings are much bigger than just making money-dd- Muhammad Yunus . In the Middle Ages, the rich spent their money carelessly on extravagant luxuries, whereas peasants lived frugally minding every penny-dd- Today, the tables have turned-dd- The rich take great care managing their assets and investments while the less well go into debt buying cars and televisions they don’t really need-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . The supreme commandment of the rich is ‘Invest-xx- The supreme commandment of the rest of us is Buy-xx- Yuval Noah Harari . Wealth does not make people happy, but positive increases in wealth may-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Do not spend what is left after spending, but spend what is left after saving-dd- Warren Buffett . To acquire money requires valor, to keep money requires prudence, and to spend money well is an art-dd- Berthold Auerbach . Without wisdom, gold is quickly lost by those who have it-dd- George S-dd- Clason (The Richest Man In Babylon) . Look to your health; and if you have it, praise God, and value it next to a good conscience; for health is the second blessing that we mortals are capable of; a blessing that money cannot buy-dd- Izaak Waldon . Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons-dd- Woody Allen . It’s good to have money and the things that money can buy, but it’s good, too, to check up once in a while and make sure that you haven’t lost the things that money can’t buy-dd- George Lorimer . By sowing frugality we reap liberty, a golden harvest-dd- Agesilaus . Remember that the only purpose of money is to get you what you want, so think hard about what you value and put it above money-dd- Ray Dalio . To give real service you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, and that is sincerity and integrity-dd- Douglas Adams . Money cannot buy peace of mind-dd- It cannot heal ruptured relationships, or build meaning into a life that has none-dd- Richard M-dd- DeVos . A wise person should have money in their head, but not in their heart-dd- Jonathan Swift . Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . Not having money to spend doesn’t mean we can’t have well-spent moments every day-dd- Sarah Ban Breathnach . What difference does it make how much you have-qq- What you do not have amounts to much more-dd- Seneca . No wealth can ever make a bad man at peace with himself-dd- Plato . Don’t go to work to make money; go to work to spread joy-dd- Marianne Williamson . If you live for having it all, what you have is never enough-dd- Vicki Robin (Your Money Or Your Life) . While money can’t buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery-dd- Groucho Marx . Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Find something you love to do-dd- If you don’t make money at it, at least you love going to work-dd- Mark Cuban . If you weren’t happy yesterday you won’t be happy tomorrow-dd- It’s money-dd- It’s not happiness-dd- Mark Cuban . The more you stress over bills, the more difficult it is to focus on your goals-dd- The cheaper you can live, the greater your options Mark Cuban . Happiness starts with you-dd- Not with your relationships, not with your job, not with your money, but with you-dd- Unknown . If you want to feel rich, just count all the gifts you have that money can’t buy-dd- Unknown . You can only become truly accomplished at something you love-dd- Don’t make money your goal-dd- Instead, pursue the things you love doing, and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off you-dd- Maya Angelou . Money has never made man happy, nor will it, there is nothing in its nature to produce happiness-dd- The more of it one has the more one wants-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Making money isn’t the backbone of our guiding purpose; making money is the by-product of our guiding purpose-dd- If you’re doing something you love, you’re more likely to put your all into it, and that generally equates to making money-dd- Warren Buffett . You aren’t wealthy until you have something money can’t buy-dd- Garth Brooks . The glow of one warm thought is to me worth more than money-dd- Thomas Jefferson . I have always enjoyed a simple lifestyle-dd- I have very modest needs in terms of material comfort-dd- Li Ka Shing . I would like to do more meaningful deeds-dd- I don’t care how much money or how much energy it takes-dd- I have very simple needs-dd- With the blessings that I have received, I have no need for more wealth-dd- Li Ka Shing . Life’s value is lost when the pursuit of money becomes the goal as opposed to the pursuit of true happiness-dd- Steven Redhead . For me, the best things in life — meaningful work, meaningful relationships, interesting experiences, good food, sleep, music, ideas, sex, and other basic needs and pleasures — are not, past a certain point, materially improved upon by having a lot of money-dd- Ray Dalio . I can understand wanting to have millions of dollars, there’s a certain freedom, meaningful freedom, that comes with that-dd- But once you get much beyond that, I have to tell you, it’s the same hamburger-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . I’m not motivated by money or power or fame-dd- In the end, it doesn’t bring much happiness-dd- The only thing that is driving me is self-satisfaction, self-validation-dd- William Clay Ford, Jr-dd- . It’s easier to feel a little more spiritual with a couple of bucks in your pocket-dd- Craig Ferguson . Success isn’t measured by money or power or social rank-dd- Success is measured by your discipline and inner peace-dd- Mike Ditka . Financial peace isn’t the acquisition of stuff-dd- It’s learning to live on less than you make, so you can give money back and have money to invest-dd- You can’t win until you do this-dd- Dave Ramsey . The most beautiful things are not associated with money; they are memories and moments-dd- If you don’t celebrate those, they can pass you by-dd- Alek Wek . Money is human happiness in the abstract; he, then, who is no longer capable of enjoying human happiness in the concrete devotes himself utterly to money-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . I have no money, no resources, no hopes-dd- I am the happiest man alive-dd- Henry Miller . In a heart filled with gratitude, there is no room for discontentment-dd- Rachel Cruze . Possessions make you rich-qq- I don’t have that type of richness-dd- My richness is life, forever-dd- Bob Marley . Do what you love and the money will follow-dd- Marsha Sinetar . A man is rich in proportion to the things he can afford to let alone-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A good reputation is more valuable than money-dd- Publilius Syrus . Save one-third, live on one-third, and give away one-third-dd- Angelina Jolie . My principles are more important than the money or my title-dd- Muhammad Ali . Attitude is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than what people do or say-dd- It is more important than appearance, giftedness, or skill-dd- Charles R-dd- Swindoll . Winning at money is 80 percent behavior and 20 percent head knowledge-dd- What to do isn’t the problem; doing it is-dd- Most of us know what to do, but we just don’t do it-dd- If I can control the guy in the mirror, I can be skinny and rich-dd- Dave Ramsey . I pity that man who wants a coat so cheap that the man or woman who produces the cloth shall starve in the process-dd- Benjamin Harrison . Never go into business purely to make money-dd- If that’s the motive you’re better off doing nothing-dd- Richard Branson . I am not impressed by money, social status or job title-dd- I’m impressed by the way someone treats other human beings-dd- Unknown . There are some things that money can’t buy… like manners, morals and integrity-dd- Unknown . If you don’t have integrity, you have nothing-dd- You can’t buy it-dd- You can have all the money in the world, but if you are not a moral and ethical person, you really have nothing-dd- Henry Kravis . How you spend your money is how you vote on what exists in the world-dd- Vicki Robin (Your Money Or Your Life) . If you’re chasing money, you’ll always be lacking-dd- Chase purpose and money will chase you-dd- Tony Gaskins . Empty pockets never held anyone back-dd- Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Success is not just making money-dd- Success is happiness-dd- Success is fulfillment; it’s the ability to give-dd- Adam Neumann . Enthusiasm is the greatest asset you can possess, for it can take you further than money, power or influence-dd- Dada Vaswani . Never work just for money or for power-dd- They won’t save your soul or help you sleep at night-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . There are things that might bring in a lot of money but I wouldn’t do-dd- A person has to be able to look beyond money-dd- As long as we can keep our dignity, life becomes more meaningful-dd- Li Ka Shing . Understand that ethical wealth creation is possible-dd- If you secretly despise wealth, it will elude you-dd- Navel Ravikant . A man is usually more careful of his money than of his principles-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr . A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money-dd- John Ruskin . Don’t tell me what you value, show me your budget, and I’ll tell you what you value-dd- Joe Biden . Time is money-dd- Wasted time means wasted money means trouble-dd- Shirley Temple . Show me where a man spends his time and money, and I’ll show you his god-dd- Martin Luther . Time is more valuable than money-dd- You can get more money, but you cannot get more time-dd- Jim Rohn . Time is the coin of your life-dd- It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent-dd- Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you-dd- Carl Sandburg . Instead of buying stuff, buy time-dd- Spending money to save time boosts happiness-dd- Adam Grant . Waste your money and you’re only out of money, but waste your time and you’ve lost a part of your life-dd- Michael Leboeuf . Time well spent results in more money to spend, more money to save, and more time to vacation-dd- Zig Ziglar . Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it, and others do just the same with their time-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Time is money-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Be selective with who you invest your time-dd- Wasted time is worse than wasted money-dd- Unknown . To say that “time is money” is a grotesque undervaluation of time-dd- You can lose a fortune and make another one-dd- Lost time is irretrievable-dd- Do not trade time for trifles-dd- The Stoic Emperor . They say time is money, but that’s not true-dd- You can make your money back-dd- Steven Griffith . Time and money are mostly interchangeable-dd- Winston Churchill . Money is usually attracted, not pursued-dd- Jim Rohn . All that spirits desire, spirits attain-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Abundance is not something we acquire-dd- It is something we tune into-dd- Wayne W-dd- Dyer . What we really want to do is what we are really meant to do-dd- When we do what we are meant to do, money comes to us, doors open for us, we feel useful, and the work we do feels like play to us-dd- Julia Cameron . Both poverty and riches are the offspring of thought-dd- Napoleon Hill . You can attract only that which you mentally become and feel yourself to be in reality-dd- Ernest Holmes . The person who sends out positive thoughts activates the world around him positively and draws back to himself positive results-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Abundance is a mindset, not a dollar amount-dd- Cultivate gratitude for the things you have now and everything that is added will feel like a bonus-dd- Tony Robbins . Like the air you breathe, abundance in all things is available to you-dd- Your life will simply be as good as you allow it to be-dd- Abraham Hicks . See yourself living in abundance and you will attract it-dd- It always works, it works every time with every person-dd- Bob Proctor . Acknowledging the good that you already have in your life is the foundation for all abundance-dd- Eckhart Tolle . The Law of Attraction states that whatever you focus on, think about, read about, and talk about intensely, you’re going to attract more of into your life-dd- Jack Canfield . Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you; for everyone who asks, receives-dd- The Bible . If you are feeling a shortage of time or money, your best effort would be to focus upon better-feeling thoughts, and do more things that make you feel good-dd- Abraham Hicks . Everybody is like a magnet-dd- You attract to yourself reflections of that which you are-dd- David R-dd- Hawkins . You are today where your thoughts have brought you; you will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you-dd- James Allen . Whatever your mind can conceive and believe it can achieve-dd- Napoleon Hill (Think and Grow Rich) . The starting point of all achievement is desire-dd- Keep this constantly in mind-dd- Weak desire brings weak results, just as a small fire makes a small amount of heat-dd- Napoleon Hill . To bring anything into your life, imagine that it’s already there-dd- Richard Bach . What you focus on you create more of-dd- Jen Sincero (You Are a Badass at Making Money) . The daily practice of gratitude is one of the conduits by which your wealth will come to you-dd- Rhonda Byrne (The Secret) . Life isn’t happening to you; life is responding to you-dd- Rhonda Byrne . A simple “I love you” means more than money-dd- Frank Sinatra . He who marries for love without money has good nights and sorry days-dd- Unknown . Love is the most expensive gift-dd- Make sure you don’t give it to someone that’s cheap-dd- Unknown . Love of money is the disease which makes men most groveling and pitiful-dd- Cassius Longinus . Love is worth so much more than money-dd- There are so many people who are filthy rich, but have nobody to genuinely love them-dd- Unconditional love is priceless-dd- Suzy Kassem . You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving-dd- Amy Carmichael . Work like you don’t need the money-dd- Love like you’ve never been hurt-dd- Dance like nobody’s watching-dd- Satchel Paige . Money is like love; it kills slowly and painfully the one who withholds it, and enlivens the other who turns it on his fellow man-dd- Kahlil Gibran . A true lover always feels in debt to the one he loves-dd- Ralph W-dd- Sockman . Love is like money… hard to find easy to lose-dd- Ally Mbululo . A man in love is like a clipped coupon — it’s time to cash in-dd- Mae West . Love conquers all things except poverty and toothache-dd- Mae West . Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Money and women-dd- They’re two of the strongest things in the world-dd- The things you do for a woman you wouldn’t do for anything else-dd- Same with money-dd- Satchel Paige . The first time you marry for love, the second for money, and the third for companionship-dd- Jackie Kennedy . You’d be surprised what people will do for money that they wouldn’t do for love-dd- Rachel Caine . I can live without money, but I cannot live without love-dd- Judy Garland . Love is like money… hard to find easy to lose-dd- Ally Mbululo . Friends and good manners will carry you where money won’t go-dd- Margaret Walker . Money doesn’t make people happy-dd- People make people happy-dd- Steve Wynn . Where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody-dd- Agatha Christie . Money and success don’t change people; they merely amplify what is already there-dd- Will Smith . Money can’t buy friends, but you can get a better class of enemy-dd- Spike Milligan . Making money is a happiness-dd- And that’s a great incentive-dd- Making other people happy is a super-happiness-dd- Muhammad Yunus . He who loses money, loses much; He who loses a friend, loses much more; He who loses faith, loses all-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Everyone wants to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down-dd- Oprah Winfrey . I think of my business and investments as extension of my family-dd- Barbara Corcoran (Shark Tank) . It doesn’t take money to turn off the television and cultivate real bonding time-dd- Marianne Williamson . The greatest legacy one can pass on to one’s children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one’s life, but rather a legacy of character and faith-dd- Billy Graham . The holy passion of friendship is so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring in nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money-dd- Mark Twain . The rule is not to talk about money with people who have much more or much less than you-dd- Katherine Whitehorn . I believe in giving my kids enough so they can do anything, but not so much that they can do nothing-dd- Warren Buffett . How much would you sell a good relationship for-qq- There’s not enough money in the world to get you to part with a valued relationship-dd- Ray Dalio . Remember that in great partnerships, consideration and generosity are more important than money-dd- Ray Dalio . Friendship is like money, easier made than kept-dd- Samuel Butler . Teaching kids about money is never just about money-dd- Dave Ramsey . An investment in knowledge pays the best interest-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Rich people constantly learn and grow-dd- Poor people think they already know-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker (Secrets of the Millionaire Mind) . A child must be taught early that money is only a means, a type of usefulness, an implement-dd- Like all instruments, it has certain purposes, but it will not do everything-dd- One must learn how to use it, what it will do, but above all what it will not do-dd- Bruce Lee . Schools teach you how to work for money, but don’t teach how to make money work for you-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Don’t be addicted to money-dd- Work to learn-dd- don’t work for money-dd- Work for knowledge-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . We have an obligation and a responsibility to be investing in our students and our schools-dd- We must make sure that people who have the grades, the desire and the will, but not the money, can still get the best education possible-dd- Barack Obama . Don’t be impressed by money, followers, degrees and titles-dd- Be impressed by kindness, integrity, humility and generosity-dd- Unknown . The habit of saving is itself an education; it fosters every virtue, teaches self-denial, cultivates the sense of order, trains to forethought, and so broadens the mind-dd- T-dd-T-dd- Munger . Be a lifelong student-dd- The more you learn, the more you earn and the more self-confidence you will have-dd- Brian Tracy . What is important when you are young is to train yourself to get by with little money and make the most of your youthful energy-dd- Robert Greene . Any titles, money, or privilege you inherit are actually hindrances-dd- They delude you into believing you are owed respect-dd- Robert Greene . Value learning over money-dd- Robert Greene . There is no amount of money, time or energy too great to spend on our children-dd- They are our angels, our future-dd- In failing them, we are failing ourselves-dd- Marianne Williamson . Study the biographies of those who have built great fortunes, and you will learn that money came to them after they had produced or discovered something-dd- William J-dd- Reilly . True happiness lies in the pursuit of your goal, achievement in your chosen field-dd- This must always remain primary-dd- Whenever money becomes primary, you are on treacherous ground-dd- William J-dd- Reilly . Those who keep learning, will keep rising in life-dd- Charlie Munger . You are your greatest asset-dd- Put your time, effort and money into training, grooming, and encouraging your greatest asset-dd- Tom Hopkins . If you want your income to grow, you too must grow-dd- Idowu Koyenikan . My parents raised me and my six siblings with little money… but lots of love-dd- Hilda Solis . The most beautiful things are not associated with money; they are memories and moments-dd- If you don’t celebrate those, they can pass you by-dd- Alek Wek . The easiest way for your children to learn about money is for you not to have any-dd- Katharine Whitehorn . That man who seeks to learn more of his craft shall be richly rewarded-dd- George S-dd- Clason (The Richest Man In Babylon) . If you’re not failing, you’re not pushing your limits, and if you’re not pushing your limits, you’re not maximizing your potential-dd- Ray Dalio (Principles) . You are your greatest asset-dd- Put your time, effort and money into training, grooming, and encouraging your greatest asset-dd- Tom Hopkins . Don’t think money does everything or you are going to end up doing everything for money-dd- Voltaire . Making money is not a thing that you do – it’s a skill that you learn-dd- Naval Ravikant . What you do, and how you do it, is so much more important than how hard you do it-dd- Naval Ravikant . If you’re good at something, never do it for free-dd- Jonathan Nolan . The way to become rich is to make money, not to save it-dd- Kate Chopin . Wealth is more often the result of a lifestyle of hard work, perseverance, planning, and, most of all, self-discipline-dd- Thomas J-dd- Stanley (The Millionaire Next Door) . Wealth after all is a relative thing since he that has little and wants less is richer than he that has much and wants more-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Wealth may be an excellent thing, for it means power, and it means leisure, it means liberty-dd- James Russell Lowell . The companies that are successful, they start out to make meaning, not to make money-dd- Guy Kawasaki . Success comes to those who dedicate everything to their passion in life-dd- To be successful, it is also very important to be humble and never let fame or money travel to your head-dd- A-dd- R-dd- Rahman . Making money is no fun-dd- Contributing to and changing the world is a lot more fun-dd- Muhammad Yunus . Profit or perish… There are only two ways to make money: increase sales and decrease costs-dd- Fred DeLuca . If money is your hope for independence you will never have it-dd- The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience, and ability-dd- Henry Ford . Don’t tell me where your priorities are-dd- Show me where you spend your money and I’ll tell you what they are-dd- James W-dd- Frick . Making money isn’t hard in itself… What’s hard is to earn it doing something worth devoting one’s life to-dd- Carlos Ruiz Zafón . Chase the vision, not the money-dd- The money will end up following you-dd- Tony Hsieh (Zappos) . Money is a guarantee that we may have what we want in the future-dd- Though we need nothing at the moment it insures the possibility of satisfying a new desire when it arises-dd- Aristotle . Money is like manure; it’s not worth a thing unless it’s spread around encouraging young things to grow-dd- Thornton Wilder . I like to take risks-dd- That’s how I make money-dd- But they are calculated risks-dd- Kevin O’Leary (Shark Tank) . You get rich connecting with opportunities that can produce and multiply money-dd- You don’t get rich saving money… Missing opportunities is what costs people money-dd- Grant Cardone . Wealth is the ability to fully experience life-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Look at what caused people to make a lot of money and you will see that usually it is in proportion to their production of what the society wanted-dd- Ray Dalio . There is an excellent correlation between giving society what it wants and making money, and almost no correlation between the desire to make money and how much money one makes-dd- Ray Dalio . Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants-dd- Epictetus . A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business-dd- Henry Ford . In fact, the confidence of the people is worth more than money-dd- Carter G-dd- Woodson . Perfection is the enemy of profitability-dd- Mark Cuban (Shark Tank) . Don’t start a company unless it’s an obsession and something you love-dd- If you have an exit strategy, it’s not an obsession-dd- Mark Cuban . It’s not about money or connections-dd- It’s the willingness to outwork and outlearn everyone-dd- Mark Cuban . The man who does more than he is paid for will soon be paid for more than he does-dd- Napoleon Hill . We should be focusing on building the things that don’t exist-dd- Larry Page (Google) . There’s no such thing as a free lunch-dd- Milton Friedman . Put the customers first, the employees second, and the shareholders third-dd- Jack Ma (Alibaba) . What I love doing is creating things I can be proud of, and if you create things that you can be proud of, the byproduct of that can be that you become a millionaire or you become a billionaire, because people like what you’ve created-dd- Richard Branson (Virgin) . We’re never in lack of money-dd- We lack people with dreams, (people) who can die for those dreams-dd- Jack Ma . You will get rich by giving society what it wants but does not yet know how to get-dd- At scale-dd- Naval Ravikant (Check out this amazing Twitter Storm by Naval) . People don’t care about your business they care about their problems… so be the solution they need-dd- Unknown . Start with the customer and work backwards-dd- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . I think frugality drives innovation, just like other constraints do-dd- Jeff Bezos . Pay people enough so that they’re not thinking about money and they’re thinking about the work-dd- Once you do that, it turns out there are three factors that the science shows lead to better performance, not to mention personal satisfaction: autonomy, mastery, and purpose-dd- Dan Pink (Drive) . Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art-dd- Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art-dd- Andy Warhol . Don’t start a business-dd- Find a problem-dd- Solve a problem-dd- The business comes second-dd- Robert Herjavec (Shark Tank) . Every sale has five basic obstacles: no need, no money, no hurry, no desire, no trust-dd- Zig Ziglar . If you make a really good product that people want and are willing to pay for, money will come-dd- Forrest Mars, Jr-dd- . Money is just a consequence-dd- I always say to my team, ‘Don’t worry too much about profitability-dd- If you do your job well, the profitability will come’-dd- Bernard Arnault . To do meaningful work is to contribute – to create value in society-dd- Charles Koch . Money is not a goal-dd- The goal is to make companies grow, develop, be competitive, be in different areas, be efficient to have a great human team inside the company-dd- Carlos Slim Helu . If you do everything that everyone else does in business, you’re going to lose-dd- The only way to really be ahead, is to ‘be different’-dd- Larry Ellison (Oracle) . Being an entrepreneur isn’t really about starting a business-dd- It’s a way of looking at the world: seeing opportunity where others see obstacles, taking risks when others take refuge-dd- Michael Bloomberg . A good reputation for yourself and your company is an invaluable asset not reflected in the balance sheets-dd- Li Ka Shing . Reputation is the key to success-dd- You have to be loyal to your customers-dd- Li Ka Shing . America owes 80% of it’s economic growth today to new inventions-dd- Li Ka Shing . Learn to sell-dd- Learn to build-dd- If you can do both, you will be unstoppable-dd- Naval Ravikant . Risk comes from not knowing what you are doing-dd- Warren Buffett . Never depend on single income-dd- Make investment to create a second source-dd- Warren Buffett . The Stock Market is designed to transfer money from the active to the patient-dd- Warren Buffett . Only buy something that you’d be perfectly happy to hold if the market shut down for ten years-dd- Warren Buffett . If you aren’t willing to own a stock for ten years, don’t even think about owning it for ten minutes-dd- Warren Buffett . You’re not going to get rich renting out your time-dd- You must own equity – a piece of a business – to gain your financial freedom-dd- Naval Ravikant . The reason you want wealth is because it buys you freedom-dd- Naval Ravikant . Never spend your money before you have earned it-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Money demands that you sell, not your weakness to men’s stupidity, but your talent to their reason-dd- Ayn Rand . The way to make money in the stock market is to buy a stock-dd- Then, when it goes up, sell it-dd- If it’s not going to go up, don’t buy it-xx- Will Rogers . The art is not in making money, but in keeping it-dd- Proverb . Invest a few moments in thinking-dd- It will pay good interest-dd- Unknown . If investing is entertaining, if you’re having fun, you’re probably not making any money-dd- Good investing is boring-dd- George Soros . Investing isn’t about beating others at their game-dd- It’s about controlling yourself at your own game-dd- Benjamin Graham (The Intelligent Investor) . I’m only rich because I know when I’m wrong…I basically have survived by recognizing my mistakes-dd- George Soros . A penny saved is a penny earned-dd- Benjamin Franklin . The person who doesn’t know where his next dollar is coming from usually doesn’t know where his last dollar went-dd- Unknown . To make money in the markets, you have to think independently and be humble-dd- Ray Dalio . A good investor in this new world knows to always expect the unexpected-dd- Jim Cramer . A simple fact that is hard to learn is that the time to save money is when you have some-dd- Joe Moore . The circulation of confidence is better than the circulation of money-dd- James Madison . Put all good eggs in one basket and then watch that basket-dd- Andrew Carnegie . If you would become wealthy, then what you save must earn, and its children must earn, that all may help to give to you the abundance you crave-dd- George S-dd- Clason (The Richest Man in Babylon) . I will tell you how to become rich-dd- Close the doors-dd- Be fearful when others are greedy-dd- Be greedy when others are fearful-dd- Warren Buffett . In investing, what is comfortable is rarely profitable-dd- Robert Arnott . Money speaks only one language: “If you save me today, I will save you tomorrow”-dd- Unknown . If you would be wealthy, think of saving as well as getting-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Try to save something while your salary is small; it’s impossible to save after you begin to earn more-dd- Jack Benny . Don’t think in terms of taking huge risks to get rewards-dd- Think about the least amount of risk for the greatest reward, and be extremely disciplined in that-dd- Tony Robbins . To get rich, you have to be making money while you’re asleep-dd- David Bailey . Whatever your income, always live below your means-dd- Thomas J-dd- Stanley (The Millionaire Next Door) . Know what you own, and know why you own it-dd- Peter Lynch . He who promises runs in debt-dd- The Talmud . Every time you borrow money, you’re robbing your future self-dd- Nathan W-dd- Morris . You will either tell your money what to do, or the lack of it will always manage you-dd- Dave Ramsey . Who goeth a borrowing-dd- Goeth a sorrowing-dd- Thomas Tusser . Debt is the worst poverty-dd- Thomas Fuller . Borrowing is the mother of trouble-dd- Hebrew proverb . Live within your means, never be in debt, and by husbanding your money you can always lay it out well-dd- Andrew Jackson . If you would know the value of money, go and try to borrow some-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Rather go to bed supperless, than rise in debt-dd- Benjamin Franklin . The second vice is lying, the first is running in debt-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Creditors have better memories than debtors-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Don’t let your mouth write no check that your tail can’t cash-dd- Bo Diddley . When a man is in love or in debt, someone else has the advantage-dd- Bill Balance . Debt, n-dd- An ingenious substitute for the chain and whip of the slavedriver-dd- Ambrose Bierce (The Devil’s Dictionary) . Promises make debts, and debts make promises, but promises never pay debts… Charles H-dd- Spurgeon (Plain Advice for Plain People) . Always borrow money from a pessimist, he doesn’t expect to be paid back-dd- Unknown . The only man who sticks closer to you in adversity than a friend is a creditor-dd- Unknown . Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need most-dd- American proverb . You willed yourself to where you are today, so will yourself out of it-dd- Stephen Richards . Lack of money is the root of all evil-dd- George Bernard Shaw . If you start out to solely make money, you will attract the wrong kind of employees-dd- Guy Kawasaki . Money is power, freedom, a cushion, the root of all evil, the sum of blessings-dd- Carl Sandburg . Wealth is like sea-water; the more we drink, the thirstier we become; and the same is true of fame-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Defining success as money and power is like sitting on a two-legged stool-dd- Arianna Huffington . Greed is not a financial issue-dd- It’s a heart issue-dd- Andy Stanley . Money is like oxygen: you need it to breathe, but it can also suffocate you-dd- Jack Dorsey (Twitter) . It is not the creation of wealth that is wrong, but the love of money for its own sake-dd- Margaret Thatcher . You must gain control over your money or the lack of it will forever control you-dd- Dave Ramsey . If you worship money and things – if they are where you tap real meaning in life – then you will never have enough-dd- David Foster Wallace (This Is Water) . Money poisons you when you’ve got it, and starves you when you haven’t-dd- D-dd-H-dd- Lawrence . Money is the wealthy man’s curtain which hides all his defects from the world-dd- Unknown . Prestige is the shadow of money and power-dd- C-dd- Wright Mills . Many have jeopardized their own pursuit of wealth or financial independence for the allusion of looking wealthy instead of being wealthy-dd- Andrew Hallam (Millionaire Teacher) . Within certain limits, it is actually true that the less money you have, the less you worry-dd- George Orwell . Money without brains is always dangerous-dd- Napoleon Hill . The man who damns money has obtained it dishonorably; the man who respects it has earned it-dd- Ayn Rand . Every job from the heart is, ultimately, of equal value-dd- The nurse injects the syringe; the writer slides the pen; the farmer plows the dirt; the comedian draws the laughter-dd- Monetary income is the perfect deceiver of a man’s true worth-dd- Criss Jami . If you say that getting the money is the most important thing, you’ll spend your life completely wasting your time-dd- You’ll be doing things you don’t like doing in order to go on living, that is to go on doing thing you don’t like doing, which is stupid-dd- Alan Watts . It is not the creation of wealth that is wrong, but the love of money for its own sake-dd- Margaret Thatcher . Empty pockets never held anyone back-dd- Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . They who are of the opinion that money will do everything, may very well be suspected to do everything for money-dd- George Saville . Money and corruption are ruining the land, crooked politicians betray the working man, pocketing the profits and treating us like sheep, and we’re tired of hearing promises that we know they’ll never keep-dd- Ray Davies . If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free-dd- If our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed-dd- Edmund Burke . If you want to know what a man is really like, take notice of how he acts when he loses money-dd- Simone Weil . There are no get rich quick schemes-dd- That’s just someone else getting rich off you-dd- Naval Ravikant . Make money your god, and it will plague you like the devil-dd- Henry Fielding . No one has ever become poor by giving-dd- Anne Frank . Your dream is to feel good; God’s dream is for you to do good-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . The test of a civilization is in the way that it cares for its helpless members-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . True charity is the desire to be useful to others with no thought of recompense-dd- Emanuel Swedenborg . The life of a man consists not in seeing visions and in dreaming dreams, but in active charity and in willing service-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . Is the rich world aware of how four billion of the six billion live-qq- If we were aware, we would want to help out, we’d want to get involved-dd- Bill Gates . Philanthropy is not about the money-dd- It’s about using whatever resources you have at your fingertips and applying them to improving the world-dd- Melinda Gates . The truth of the matter is: you can create a great legacy, and inspire others, by giving it to philanthropic organizations-dd- Michael Bloomberg . The charity that is a trifle to us can be precious to others-dd- Homer . To be doing good deeds is man’s most glorious task-dd- Sophocles . I’m going to give away a lot more than half my money-dd- I’d be happy to give that to the government if the government put together programs that were like I’m giving away to charity, in which I believe the money is effectively used to help people-dd- Ray Dalio . Every man must decide whether he will walk in the creative light of altruism or the darkness of destructive selfishness-dd- This is the judgement-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received-dd- It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters-dd- Amit Ray . The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Philanthropy is not about money, it’s about feeling the pain of others and caring enough about their needs to help-dd- Timothy Pina . Simple, genuine goodness is the best capital to found the business of this life upon-dd- It lasts when fame and money fail, and is the only riches we can take out of this world with us-dd- Louisa May Alcott . Every charitable act is a stepping stone towards heaven-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . My goal wasn’t to make a ton of money-dd- It was to build good computers-dd- Steve Wozniak (Apple) . Ridiculous yachts and private planes and big limousines won’t make people enjoy life more, and it sends out terrible messages to the people who work for them-dd- It would be so much better if that money was spent in Africa – and it’s about getting a balance-dd- Richard Branson . As I started getting rich, I started thinking, “what the hell am I going to do with all this money-qq-”-dd- You have to learn to give-dd- Ted Turner (CNN) . How wonderful it is that nobody needs to wait a single moment before starting to improve the world-dd- Anne Frank . I would rather have it said, “He lived usefully”, than, “He died rich”-dd- Benjamin Franklin . No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another-dd- Charles Dickens . You reach a point where you don’t work for money-dd- Walt Disney . Philanthropy is about solving problems-dd- Naveen Jain . Wealth is not to feed our egos, but to feed the hungry and to help people help themselves-dd- Andrew Carnegie . Giving is about more than donating money-dd- It’s about sharing your capabilities, content, and connections—and above all, giving others the chance to be heard, respected, and valued-dd- Adam Grant . Making money and doing good in the world are not mutually exclusive-dd- Arianna Huffington . The acquisition of wealth is no longer the driving force in our lives-dd- We work to better ourselves and the rest of humanity-dd- Captain Jean-Luc Picard (Star Trek) . The world is more malleable than you think and it’s waiting for you to hammer it into shape-dd- Bono . Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world-dd- Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has-dd- Eli Broad . Go into the world and do well-dd- But more importantly, go into the world and do good-dd- Minor Myers Jr . As the purse is emptied, the heart is filled-dd- Victor Hugo . I just sit in my office and read all day-dd- Warren Buffett . I never took a day off in my twenties-dd- Not one-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . Be nice to nerds-dd- Chances are you’ll end up working for one-dd- Bill Gates . It’s okay to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla) . Starting and growing a business is as much about the innovation, drive and determination of the people who do it as it is about the product they sell-dd- Elon Musk . There is no better catalyst to success than curiosity-dd- Michael Dell . I started Dell with $1000 dollars-dd- Now it’s a billion dollar company-dd- Impossible is nothing-dd- Michael Dell . What should exist-qq- To me, that’s the most exciting question imaginable-dd- What do we need that we don’t have-qq- How can we realise our potential-qq- Paul Allen (Microsoft) . Dream audaciously-dd- Have the courage to fail forward-dd- Act with urgency-dd- Phil Knight (Nike) . The trouble in America is not that we are making too many mistakes, but that we are making too few-dd- Phil Knight . I can’t comment on what having a lot of money means to others, but I do know that for me, having a lot more money isn’t a lot better than having enough to cover the basics-dd- Ray Dalio (Bridgewater) . The only way you are going to have success is to have lots of failures first-dd- Sergey Brin (Google) . You can make money without doing evil-dd- Sergey Brin . If we were motivated by money, we would have sold the company a long time ago and ended up on a beach-dd- Larry Page (Google) . Have a healthy disregard for the impossible-dd- Larry Page . We want to create beautiful, intuitive services and technologies that are so incredibly useful that people use them twice a day-dd- Like they use a toothbrush-dd- There aren’t that many things people use twice a day-dd- Larry Page . Today, making money is very simple-dd- But making sustainable money while being responsible to the society and improving the world is very difficult-dd- Jack Ma (Alibaba) . I don’t care about revenues-dd- Jack Ma . Some people dream of success, while others wake up and work hard at it-dd- Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook) . I mean, the real story is actually pretty boring, right-qq- I mean, we just sat at our computers for six years and coded-dd- Mark Zuckerberg . When something has to be done, do it-dd- In France, we are full of good ideas, but we rarely put them into practice-dd- Bernard Arnault (LVMH) . I learned from my dad that change and experimentation are constants and important-dd- You have to keep trying new things-dd- S-dd- Robson Walton (Walmart) . One day, I had asked my mother for a pair of sneakers-dd- And the look on her face that she couldn’t afford it – it just made me realize that I needed to step up as a man-dd- Sean Combs (P-dd- Diddy) . Change your language and you change your thoughts-dd- Karl Albrecht (Aldi) . I believe people have to follow their dreams — I did-dd- Larry Ellison (Oracle) . Whatever money is, it’s just a method of keeping score now-dd- I mean, I certainly don’t need more money-dd- Larry Ellison . People were working eight hours a day, but I worked sixteen hours… It was really full, non-stop work-dd- Li Ka Shing (Hong Kong investor and philanthropist) . Invest now, before it’s too late-dd- The train is about to leave the station-dd- Aliko Dangote (Dangote Group, Nigeria) . Everything I’ve done I’ve copied from somebody else-dd- Sam Walton (Walmart) . High expectations are the key to everything-dd- Sam Walton . What would you do if you weren’t afraid-dd- Sheryl Sandberg (Facebook) . It is the ultimate luxury to combine passion and contribution-dd- It’s also a very clear path to happiness-dd- Sheryl Sandberg . Done is better than perfect-dd- Sheryl Sandberg . A sustainable world means working together to create prosperity for all-dd- Jacqueline Mars (American candy company Mars) . We are each other’s destiny-dd- Jacqueline Mars (American candy company Mars) . My relationship with money is that it’s a tool to be self-sufficient, but it’s not something that is a part of who I am-dd- Laurene Powell Jobs (widow and heir of Steve Jobs) . To do what you wanna do, to leave a mark – in a way that you think is important and lasting – that’s a life well-lived-dd- Laurene Powell Jobs . Become one of those people who work hard, invest and build, and at the same time create employment and opportunities for others-dd- Gina Rinehart (Hancock Prospecting) . There is no monopoly on becoming a millionaire-dd- If you’re jealous of those with more money, don’t just sit there and complain – do something to make more money yourself-dd- Gina Rinehart . Every day, you have to get up with new energy and new ideas to contribute to pushing the organization forward-dd- Abigail Johnson (Fidelity Investments) . Independent thinking is one of the things most valued in an investment professional-dd- Abigail Johnson . Whether it’s salary or a promotion or a job, I think it’s important for women to ask for what they think they deserve-dd- Susan Wojcicki (Youtube) . Things are always changing-dd- Part of being successful here is being comfortable with not knowing what’s going to happen-dd- Susan Wojcicki . If you do every job like you’re going to do it for the rest of your life, that’s when you get noticed-dd- Mary Barra (GM) . My definition of innovative is providing value to the customer-dd- Mary Barra . I learned to always take on things I’d never done before-dd- Growth and comfort do not coexist-dd- Ginni Rometty (IBM) . Your value will be not what you know; it will be what you share-dd- Ginni Rometty . Do all the good you can, for all the people you can, in all the ways you can, as long as you can-dd- Hillary Clinton . I suppose I could have stayed home and baked cookies and had teas-dd- Hillary Clinton . I say always follow your passion, no matter what, because even if it’s not the same financial success, it’ll lead you to the money that’ll make you the happiest-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . A lot of money with the wrong career is not going to make you happy-dd- If you have money without happiness, it doesn’t mean anything-dd- It’s all about happiness-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . I wanted to have money; I wanted to be special; I wanted people to like me; I wanted to be famous-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . I truly believe that women should be financially independent from their men-dd- And let’s face it, money gives men the power to run the show-dd- Beyoncé Knowles . I don’t flaunt my money-dd- I like to stay at nice hotels but I’m not a flashy chick-dd- I haven’t got much jewellery or anything-dd- Beyoncé Knowles . The reason I’ve been able to be so financially successful is my focus has never, ever for one minute been money-dd- Oprah Winfrey . I hope the way you spend your money is in line with the truth of who you are and what you care about-dd- I hope that your money brings joy to you and the ones you love-dd- And I hope you use it as a powerful force for good to fulfill your best intentions-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more-dd- If you concentrate on what you don’t have, you will never, ever have enough-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Do what you love and success will follow-dd- Passion is the fuel behind a successful career-dd- Meg Whitman (Hewlett Packard) . ‘Perfect’ is the enemy of ‘good enough’-dd- Meg Whitman . The price of inaction is far greater than the cost of a mistake-dd- Meg Whitman . Barack and I were both raised by families who didn’t have much in the way of money or material possessions but who had given us something far more valuable – their unconditional love, their unflinching sacrifice, and the chance to go places they had never imagined for themselves-dd- Michelle Obama . If your family doesn’t have much money, I want you to remember that in this country, plenty of folks, including me and my husband, we started out with very little-dd- Michelle Obama . Success isn’t about how much money you make, it’s about the difference you make in people’s lives-dd- Michelle Obama . Find people who will make you better-dd- Michelle Obama . Money flows into my life from all directions-dd- . I am wealthy-dd- . I am a magnet for money-dd- Prosperity is drawn to me-dd- . Money comes to me easily and effortlessly-dd- . Money is the root of joy and comfort-dd- . I am the master of my wealth-dd- . My life is full of abundance-dd- . I deserve to have abundance and prosperity-dd- . I always think positively about money and wealth-dd- . I am open to receive wealth in many ways-dd- . Money comes to me in miraculous ways-dd- . The more I contribute for others-dd- The more money I make-dd- . Money now comes to me from unexpected sources-dd- . I am deserving of abundance in my life-dd- . Attracting money is easy-dd- . Life is abundant and I am safe-dd- . Every day in every way, I receive more and more money-dd- . An avalanche of money is coming my way-dd- . I can easily imagine myself having limitless abundance-dd- . Money will be flowing into my life-dd- . I am worthy of a wealthy life-dd- . I am grateful for what I already have and for all that I receive now-dd- . Ultimately, there’s one investment that supersedes all others: Invest in yourself-dd- Warren Buffett . 