Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it-dd- Haruki Murakami . We all die-dd- The goal isn’t to live forever, the goal is to create something that will-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . That it will never come again is what makes life so sweet-dd- Emily Dickinson . It is not length of life, but depth of life-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . People living deeply have no fear of death-dd- Anais Nin . Live your life, do your work, then take your hat-dd- Henry David Thoreau . For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one-dd- Kahlil Gibran . A man with outward courage dares to die; a man with inner courage dares to live-dd- Lao Tzu . No one is actually dead until the ripples they cause in the world die away-dd- Terry Pratchett . He who is not busy being born is busy dying-dd- Bob Dylan . Our dead are never dead to us, until we have forgotten them-dd- George Eliot . I feel monotony and death to be almost the same-dd- Charlotte Brontë . Death is a challenge-dd- It tells us not to waste time… It tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other-dd- Leo Buscaglia . What we have once enjoyed deeply we can never lose-dd- All that we love deeply becomes a part of us-dd- Helen Keller . I don’t want to die without any scars-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Tell your friend that in his death, a part of you dies and goes with him-dd- Wherever he goes, you also go-dd- He will not be alone-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Whatever you want to do, do it now-dd- There are only so many tomorrows-dd- Michael Landon . You’ll drift apart, it’s true, but you’ll be out in the open, part of everything alive again-dd- Philip Pullman . As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die-dd- Unknown . Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets-dd- Arthur Miller . Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside in a cloud of smoke, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming “Wow-xx- What a Ride-xx- Hunter S-dd- Thompson . Goodbyes are only for those who love with their eyes-dd- Because for those who love with heart and soul there is no such thing as separation-dd- Rumi . What would life be worth if there were no death-qq- Who would enjoy the sun if it never rained-qq- Who would yearn for the day if there were no night-qq- Glenn Ringtved . It matters not how a man dies, but how he lives-dd- The act of dying is not of importance, it lasts so short a time-dd- Samuel Johnson . Death will never make sense to your mind-dd- Only time and self-understanding will alleviate your suffering-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Death commences too early – almost before you’re half-acquainted with life – you meet the other-dd- Tennessee Williams . Man cannot possess anything as long as he fears death-dd- But to him who does not fear it, everything belongs-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life-dd- Bertolt Brecht . There is a sacredness in tears-dd- They are not the mark of weakness, but of power-dd- They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues-dd- They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition, and of unspeakable love-dd- Washington Irving . Neither fire nor wind, birth nor death can erase our good deeds-dd- Buddha . They say you die twice-dd- One time when you stop breathing and a second time, a bit later on, when somebody says your name for the last time-dd- Banksy . The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague-dd- Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins-qq- Edgar Allan Poe . A normal human being does not want the Kingdom of Heaven: he wants life on earth to continue-dd- George Orwell . Everyone dies eventually, whether they have power or not-dd- That’s why you need to think about what you’ll accomplish while you’re alive-dd- Mary Macbeth . Why should I fear death-qq- If I am, death is not-dd- If death is, I am not-dd- Why should I fear that which cannot exist when I do-qq- Epicurus . Mostly it is loss which teaches us about the worth of things-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Death never takes the wise man by surprise, he is always ready to go-dd- Jean de La Fontaine (This is one of my favorite death quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Death is a distant rumor to the young-dd- Andrew A-dd- Rooney . Death is not the greatest loss in life-dd- The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live-dd- Norman Cousins . In the short term, you’ll see a thunderstorm-dd- Once the thunderstorm is over, you’ll see flowers-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Death is a word, and it is the word, the image, that creates fear-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Death is like a mirror in which the true meaning of life is reflected-dd- Sogyal Rinpoche . Death is nothing, but to live defeated is to die every day-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Cowards die many times before their deaths; The valiant never taste of death but once-dd- William Shakespeare (Julius Caesar) . No one really knows why they are alive until they know what they’d die for-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If you’re not ready to die for it, take the word “freedom” out of your vocabulary-dd- Malcolm X . Death is the destination we all share-dd- No one has ever escaped it-dd- And that is as it should be because death is very likely the single best invention of life-dd- It is life’s change agent, it clears out the old to make way for the new-dd- Steve Jobs . The fear of death follows from the fear of life-dd- A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time-dd- Mark Twain . The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated-dd- Mark Twain . The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there’s no risk of accident for someone who’s dead-dd- Albert Einstein . You needn’t die happy when your time comes, but you must die satisfied, for you have lived your life from the beginning to the end-dd- Stephen King . I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection-dd- ‘Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived-dd- Henry David Thoreau . If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die-dd- Maya Angelou . Death is nothing else but going home to God, the bond of love will be unbroken for all eternity-dd- Mother Teresa . I am ready to meet my Maker-dd- Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter-dd- Winston Churchill . Live as if you were to die tomorrow-dd- Learn as if you were to live forever-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . A single death is a tragedy; a million deaths is a statistic-dd- Joseph Stalin . Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game of Thrones) . End-qq- No, the journey doesn’t end here-dd- Death is just another path, one that we all must take-dd- The grey rain-curtain of this world rolls back, and all turns to silver glass, and then you see it-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . To die will be an awfully big adventure-dd- Peter Pan . Death is but a door, time is but a window-dd- I’ll be back-xx- Ghostbusters II . My mama always used to tell me: ‘If you can’t find somethin’ to live for, you best find somethin’ to die for’-dd- Tupac Shakur . It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live-dd- Marcus Aurelius . I’m the one that’s got to die when it’s time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to-dd- Jimi Hendrix . No one here gets out alive-dd- Jim Morrison . I’m not afraid of death because I don’t believe in it-dd- It’s just getting out of one car, and into another-dd- John Lennon . It is the secret of the world that all things subsist and do not die, but retire a little from sight and afterwards return again-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Death is no more than passing from one room into another-dd- But there’s a difference for me, you know-dd- Because in that other room I shall be able to see-dd- Helen Keller (Remember that Helen Keller was blind) . Each night, when I go to sleep, I die-dd- And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . For what is it to die but to stand naked in the wind and to melt into the sun-qq- And when the earth shall claim your limbs, then shall you truly dance-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . I want to be all used up when I die-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Life is hard-dd- After all, it kills you-dd- Katharine Hepburn . Dying is an art-dd- Sylvia Plath . Death pays all debts-dd- William Shakespeare . When I shall die, let it be doing that I had designed-dd- Ovid . We are born from a quiet sleep, and we die to a calm awakening-dd- Zhuangzi . For some moments in life there are no words-dd- David Seltzer . All men think that all men are mortal but themselves-dd- Edward Young . Give me liberty or give me death-dd- Patrick Henry . Live or die, but don’t poison everything-dd- Anne Sexton . Life has more meaning in the face of death-dd- Robert Greene . Death makes equal the high and low-dd- John Heywood . The hardest thing you overcome are the ones that give the most meaning-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The fear of death is the beginning of slavery-dd- Robert Anton Wilson . Death is the ultimate boundary of human matters-dd- Horace . Though death be poor, it ends a mortal woe-dd- William Shakespeare . Death takes no bribes-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Death is never an apology-dd- Soul King . Because I have loved life, I shall have no sorrow to die-dd- Amelia Burr . Religion is the human response to being alive and having to die-dd- Forrest Church . In my end is my beginning-dd- Mary, Queen of Scots . The phoenix must burn to emerge-dd- Janet Fitch . Everyone dies-dd- But not everyone really lives-dd- Unknown . The meaning of life is that it stops-dd- Franz Kafka . Hold infinity in the palm of your hand-dd- William Blake . Success is failure recycled-dd- Life is death reborn-dd- Jonathan Lockwood Huie . It’s better to burn out than to fade away-dd- Neil Young . Every exit is an entry somewhere else-dd- Tom Stoppard . Nothing is ever certain-dd- Alice Sebold . No art is possible without a dance with death-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Everyone dies but not everyone lives-dd- William Wallace . I shall not die of a cold-dd- I shall die of having lived-dd- Willa Cather . Life without an ideal is spiritual death-dd- Emma Goldman . The idea is to die young as late as possible-dd- Ashley Montagu . Life is like a very short visit to a toy shop between birth and death-dd- Desmond Morris . It is nothing to die-dd- It is frightful not to live-dd- Victor Hugo . Even trees do not die without a groan-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Let life be beautiful like summer flowers and death like autumn leaves-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Death is not extinguishing the light; it is only putting out the lamp because the dawn has come-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . The highest tribute to the dead is not grief but gratitude-dd- Thornton Wilder . If life must not be taken too seriously, then so neither must death-dd- Samuel Butler . The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity-dd- Seneca . By becoming deeply aware of our mortality, we intensify our experience of every aspect of life-dd- Robert Greene . As soon as you’ll realize that it was a gift, you’ll be free-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Death comes to all, but great achievements build a monument which shall endure until the sun grows cold-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I wanted a perfect ending-dd- Now I’ve learned, the hard way, that some poems don’t rhyme, and some stories don’t have a clear beginning, middle, and end-dd- Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what’s going to happen next-dd- Delicious ambiguity-dd- Gilda Radner . I discovered to my joy, that it is life, not death, that has no limits-dd- Gabriel García Márquez . It’s only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth – and that we have no way of knowing when our time is up – that we will begin to live each day to the fullest, as if it was the only one we had-dd- Elisabeth Kubler-Ross . Death-qq- Be as proud as you want: bore me later, because Love is sovereign here-dd- Life never ends-dd- Joy comes in the morning-dd- Glory hallelujah-dd- And let it be so-dd- Anne Lamott . Those men who, in war, seek to preserve their lives at any rate commonly die with shame and ignominy, while those who look upon death as common to all, and unavoidable, and are only solicitous to die with honour, oftener arrive at old age and, while they live, live happier-dd- Xenophon . Try as much as possible to be wholly alive with all your might, and when you laugh, laugh like hell-dd- And when you get angry, get good and angry-dd- Try to be alive-dd- You will be dead soon enough-dd- William Saroyan . Part 1-dd- Where is it I’ve read that someone condemned to death says or thinks, an hour before his death, that if he had to live on some high rock, on such a narrow ledge that he’d only room to stand, and the ocean, everlasting darkness, everlasting solitude, everlasting tempest around him, if he had to remain standing on a square yard of space all his life, a thousand years, eternity, it were better to live so than to die at once-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . Part 2-dd- Only to live, to live and live-xx- Life, whatever it may be-xx- Fyodor Dostoevsky . Let children walk with Nature, let them see the beautiful blendings and communions of death and life, their joyous inseparable unity, as taught in woods and meadows, plains and mountains and streams of our blessed star, and they will learn that death is stingless indeed, and as beautiful as life-dd- John Muir . I would rather die a meaningful death than to live a meaningless life-dd- Corazon Aquino . When we finally know we are dying, and all other sentient beings are dying with us, we start to have a burning, almost heartbreaking sense of the fragility and preciousness of each moment and each being, and from this can grow a deep, clear, limitless compassion for all beings-dd- Sogyal Rinpoche . Death is not the biggest fear we have; our biggest fear is taking the risk to be alive – the risk to be alive and express what we really are-dd- Miguel Angel Ruiz . Yea, all things live forever, though at times they sleep and are forgotten-dd- H-dd- Rider Haggard . Good men must die, but death cannot kill their names-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . When he shall die, take him and cut him out in little stars, and he will make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night and pay no worship to the garish sun-dd- William Shakespeare (Romeo and Juliet) . The man who lives without conflict, who lives with beauty and love, is not frightened of death because to love is to die-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Birth and death are the most singular events we experience – and the contemplation of death, as of birth, should be a thing of beauty, not ignobility-dd- Jacob K-dd- Javits . There is only one god and his name is Death, and there is only one thing we say to Death: ‘Not today’-dd- Syrio Forel (Games Of Thrones) . Do not fear death-dd- Death is always at our side-dd- When we show fear, it jumps at us faster than light-dd- But, if we do not show fear, it casts its eye upon us gently and then guides us into infinity-dd- Laughing Bull . Death must be so beautiful-dd- To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one’s head, and listen to silence-dd- To have no yesterday, and no to-morrow-dd- To forget time, to forget life, to be at peace-dd- Oscar Wilde . Here is the test to find whether your mission on Earth is finished: if you’re alive, it isn’t-dd- Richard Bach . A word is dead when it is said, some say-dd- I say it just begins to live that day-dd- Emily Dickinson . After your death, you will be what you were before your birth-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Death ends a life, not a relationship-dd- Mitch Albom . I’m not afraid to die, I just don’t want to be there when it happens-dd- Woody Allen . Many people die at twenty-five and aren’t buried until they are seventy-five-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Enjoy life-dd- There’s plenty of time to be dead-dd- Hans Christian Andersen . Dying is easy; it’s living that’s difficult-dd- Frederick Lenz . If my doctor told me I had only six minutes to live, I wouldn’t brood-dd- I’d type a little faster-dd- Isaac Asimov . I have noticed that even those who assert that everything is predestined and that we can change nothing about it still look both ways before they cross the street-dd- Stephen Hawking . I carry death in my left pocket-dd- Sometimes I take it out and talk to it: “Hello, baby, how you doing-qq- When you coming for me-qq- I’ll be ready”-dd- Charles Bukowski . There are only three things that can kill a farmer: lightning, rolling over in a tractor, and old age-dd- Bill Bryson . Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry-dd- Mark Twain . If there are no dogs in Heaven, then when I die I want to go where they went-dd- Will Rogers . Death is nature’s way of saying, “Your table is ready”-dd- Robin Williams . Neither the sun, nor death can be looked at steadily-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . One lives in the hope of becoming a memory-dd- Antonio Porchia . The first breath is the beginning of death-dd- Thomas Fuller . Life isn’t fair, nor should you expect it to be-dd- No matter how well you prepare, shit will happen, often when you least expect it-dd- Ed Latimore . It is human to have your soul brought to a crisis you did not anticipate-dd- The Dune Series . This aspect of reality, this weird scary aspect of life, can just wreck everything if you don’t figure out at some point that it is what makes life so profound, meaningful, rich, complex, wild-dd- Anne Lamott . I do not fear death-dd- I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it-dd- Mark Twain . The world would be dramatically better if everyone had to experience a near death event growing up-dd- Everyone will instantly value their time more, and be happier-dd- ChuchuTrain . Everything is ridiculous if one thinks of death-dd- Thomas Bernhard . Take nothing for granted-dd- Keep in mind that it can come at anytime-dd- Even today-dd- Maxime Lagacé . It seems to me that if you or I must choose between two courses of thought or action, we should remember our dying and try so to live that our death brings no pleasure to the world-dd- John Steinbeck . Part 1-dd- I despise wisdom and the blessings of this world-dd- It is all worthless, fleeting, illusory, and deceptive, like a mirage-dd- Anton Chekhov . Part 2-dd- You may be proud, wise, and fine, but death will wipe you off the face of the earth as though you were no more than mice burrowing under the floor, and your posterity, your history, your immortal geniuses will burn or freeze together with the earthly globe-dd- Anton Chekhov . Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity-dd- They seem to be more afraid of life than death-dd- James F-dd- Byrnes . Death is a stripping away of all that is not you-dd- The secret of life is to “die before you die” – and find that there is no death-dd- Eckhart Tolle . In the end one needs more courage to live than to kill himself-dd- Albert Camus . Men are never really willing to die except for the sake of freedom: therefore they do not believe in dying completely-dd- Albert Camus . If you gave someone your heart and they died, did they take it with them-qq- Did you spend the rest of forever with a hole inside you that couldn’t be filled-qq- Jodi Picoult . If you have a sister and she dies, do you stop saying you have one-qq- Or are you always a sister, even when the other half of the equation is gone-qq- Jodi Picoult . Parting is all we know of heaven, and all we need of hell-dd- Emily Dickinson . The death of a beloved is an amputation-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Death may be the greatest of all human blessings-dd- Socrates . The hour of departure has arrived, and we go our separate ways, I to die, and you to live-dd- Which of these two is better only God knows-dd- Socrates . Death is only the end if you assume the story is about you-dd- Welcome to Night Vale (Podcast) . You want to live – but do you know how to live-qq- You are scared of dying – and, tell me, is the kind of life you lead really any different from being dead-qq- Seneca . We are all alone, born alone, die alone, and—in spite of True Romance magazines — we shall all someday look back on our lives and see that, in spite of our company, we were alone the whole way-dd- Hunter S-dd- Thompson . Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . The idea of a good society is something you do not need a religion and eternal punishment to buttress; you need a religion if you are terrified of death-dd- Gore Vidal . I have wrestled with death-dd- It is the most unexciting contest you can imagine-dd- It takes place in an impalpable greyness, with nothing underfoot, with nothing around, without spectators, without clamour, without glory, without the great desire of victory, without the great fear of defeat, in a sickly atmosphere of tepid skepticism, without much belief in your own right, and still less in that of your adversary-dd- Joseph Conrad . Absolute silence leads to sadness-dd- It is the image of death-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Sing your death song, and die like a hero going home-dd- Tecumseh . Death is beautiful when seen to be a law, and not an accident-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Anything I’ve done that was ultimately worthwhile initially scared me to death-dd- Betty Bender . We owe respect to the living; to the dead we owe only truth-dd- Voltaire . The harder the pain, the longer the path to recovery, the better the opportunity to learn-dd- Maxime Lagacé . All good is hard-dd- All evil is easy-dd- Dying, losing, cheating, and mediocrity is easy-dd- Stay away from easy-dd- Scott Alexander . I could just remember how my father used to say that the reason for living was to get ready to stay dead a long time-dd- William Faulkner . What is history-qq- Its beginning is that of the centuries of systematic work devoted to the solution of the enigma of death, so that death itself may eventually be overcome-dd- That is why people write symphonies, and why they discover mathematical infinity and electromagnetic waves-dd- Boris Pasternak . For life be, after all, only a waitin’ for somethin’ else than what we’re doin’; and death be all that we can rightly depend on-dd- Bram Stoker (Dracula) . Losing your life is not the worst thing that can happen-dd- The worst thing is to lose your reason for living-dd- Jo Nesbø . Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can-dd- But life leaps over oblivion lightly, losing only a thing or two of no importance, and gloom is just a passing shadow of a cloud-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . Love never dies a natural death-dd- It dies because we don’t know how to replenish its source-dd- It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals-dd- It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings-dd- Anais Nin . Death destroys a man: the idea of Death saves him-dd- E-dd-M-dd- Forster . Die happily and look forward to taking up a new and better form-dd- Like the sun, only when you set in the west can you rise in the east-dd- Rumi . That’s what literature is-dd- It’s the people who went before us, tapping out messages from the past, from beyond the grave, trying to tell us about life and death-xx- Listen to them-xx- Connie Willis . When people don’t express themselves, they die one piece at a time-dd- Laurie Halse Anderson . Life is for the living-dd- Death is for the dead-dd- Let life be like music-dd- And death a note unsaid-dd- Langston Hughes . Give place to others, as others have given place to you-dd- Equality is the soul of equity-dd- Who can complain of being comprehended in the same destiny, wherein all are involved-qq- Michel de Montaigne . It is the fate — the genetic and neural fate — of every human being to be a unique individual, to find his own path, to live his own life, to die his own death-dd- Oliver Sacks . Man always thinks about the past before he dies, as if he were frantically searching for proof that he truly lived-dd- Jet Black . It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die-dd- That is true, it’s called Life-dd- Terry Pratchett . Do not seek death-dd- Death will find you-dd- But seek the road which makes death a fulfillment-dd- Dag Hammarskjold . Since we’re all going to die, it’s obvious that when and how don’t matter-dd- Albert Camus . Earth has no sorrow that heaven cannot heal-dd- Thomas Moore . No one ever told me that grief felt so much like fear-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . There is no grief like the grief that does not speak-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . All your sorrows have been wasted on you if you have not yet learned how to be wretched-dd- Seneca . Grief, when it comes, is nothing like we expect it to be-dd- Joan Didion . Grief turns out to be a place none of us know until we reach it-dd- Joan Didion . You can grieve all your life, but what’s the point-qq- You still have your life-dd- Don’t waste it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Don’t be afraid to cry-dd- It will free your mind of sorrowful thoughts-dd- Hopi (Native American) . They are not dead who live in the hearts they leave behind-dd- Tuscarora (Native American) . Part 1-dd- My sister will die over and over again for the rest of my life-dd- Jandy Nelson . Part 2-dd- Grief is forever-dd- It doesn’t go away; it becomes a part of you, step for step, breath for breath-dd- Jandy Nelson . Part 3-dd- I will never stop grieving Bailey because I will never stop loving her-dd- That’s just how it is-dd- Jandy Nelson . Part 4-dd- Grief and love are conjoined, you don’t get one without the other-dd- All I can do is love her, and love the world, emulate her by living with daring and spirit and joy-dd- Jandy Nelson . I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge – myth is more potent than history – dreams are more powerful than facts – hope always triumphs over experience – laughter is the cure for grief – love is stronger than death-dd- Robert Fulghum . The source of sorrows lies not in leaving life, but in leaving that which gives it meaning-dd- Raymond Radiguet . Crying does not indicate that you are weak-dd- Since birth, it has always been a sign that you are alive-dd- Charlotte Bronte . She was no longer wrestling with the grief, but could sit down with it as a lasting companion and make it a sharer in her thoughts-dd- George Eliot . It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died-dd- Rather we should thank God that such men lived-dd- George S-dd- Patton . You attend the funeral, you bid the dead farewell-dd- You grieve-dd- Then you continue with your life-dd- And at times the fact of her absence will hit you like a blow to the chest, and you will weep-dd- But this will happen less and less as time goes on-dd- She is dead-dd- You are alive-dd- So live-dd- Neil Gaiman . One cannot get through life without pain… What we can do is choose how to use the pain life presents to us-dd- Bernie S-dd- Siegel . Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow, but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them-dd- Leo Tolstoy . No truth can cure the sorrow we feel from losing a loved one-dd- No truth, no sincerity, no strength, no kindness can cure that sorrow-dd- All we can do is see it through to the end and learn something from it, but what we learn will be no help in facing the next sorrow that comes to us without warning-dd- Haruki Murakami . Grieving is not weakness nor absence of faith-dd- Grieving is as natural as crying when you are hurt, sleeping when you are tired or sneezing when your nose itches-dd- It is nature’s way of healing a broken heart-dd- Doug Manning . The only thing I know is everything you love will die-dd- The first time you meet someone special, you can count on them one day being dead and in the ground-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . The people we most love do become a physical part of us, ingrained in our synapses, in the pathways where memories are created-dd- Meghan O’Rourke . When we are learning the world, we know things we cannot say how we know-dd- When we are relearning the world in the aftermath of a loss, we feel things we had almost forgotten, old things, beneath the seat of reason-dd- Meghan O’Rourke . The ones that love us never really leave us-dd- Sirius Black (Harry Potter) . The dead can survive as part of the lives of those that still live-dd- Kenzaburō Ōe . Unable are the loved to die for love is immortality-dd- Emily Dickinson . There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval-dd- George Santayana . Death is more universal than life; everyone dies but not everyone lives-dd- Andrew Sachs . Live how we can, yet die we must-dd- William Shakespeare . You die in the middle of your life, in the middle of a sentence-dd- John Green . The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . It will stay in your head first, and then in your heart-dd- Those places will always be reserved-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Because life is fragile and death inevitable, we must make the most of each day-dd- Thomas S-dd- Monson . And we wept that one so lovely should have a life so brief-dd- William Cullen Bryant . When a person is born we rejoice, and when they’re married we jubilate, but when they die we try to pretend nothing has happened-dd- Margaret Mead . How can the dead be truly dead when they still live in the souls of those who are left behind-qq- Carson McCullers . When death overtakes us, all that we have is left to others; all that we are we take with us-dd- Unknown . Our death is not an end if we can live on in our children and the younger generation-dd- For they are us; our bodies are only wilted leaves on the tree of life-dd- Albert Einstein . Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Part 1-dd- When those you love die, the best you can do is honor their spirit for as long as you live-dd- Patrick Swayze . Part 2-dd- You make a commitment that you’re going to take whatever lesson that person or animal was trying to teach you, and you make it true in your own life-dd- Patrick Swayze . Part 3-dd- It’s a positive way to keep their spirit alive in the world, by keeping it alive in yourself-dd- Patrick Swayze . People do not die for us immediately, but remain bathed in a sort of aura of life which bears no relation to true immortality but through which they continue to occupy our thoughts in the same way as when they were alive-dd- It is as though they were traveling abroad-dd- Marcel Proust . Carve your name on hearts, not tombstones-dd- A legacy is etched into the minds of others and the stories they share about you-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Every man’s life ends the same way-dd- It is only the details of how he lived and how he died that distinguish one man from another-dd- Ernest Hemingway . The opposite of love is not hate, it’s indifference-dd- The opposite of art is not ugliness, it’s indifference-dd- The opposite of faith is not heresy, it’s indifference-dd- And the opposite of life is not death, it’s indifference-dd- Elie Wiesel . Do you not know that a man is not dead while his name is still spoken-qq- Terry Pratchett . To live in hearts we leave behind is not to die-dd- Thomas Campbell . To lose a brother is to lose someone with whom you can share the experience of growing old, who is supposed to bring you a sister-in-law and nieces and nephews, creatures who people the tree of your life and give it new branches-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . To lose your father is to lose the one whose guidance and help you seek, who supports you like a tree trunk supports its branches-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . Things we lose have a way of coming back to us in the end, if not always in the way we expect-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . Birth and death; we all move between these two unknowns-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity-dd- Horace Mann . Death smiles at us all, all a man can do is smile back-dd- Marcus Aurelius . It is as natural to die as it is to be born-dd- Francis Bacon . There is love in holding and there is love in letting go-dd- Elizabeth Berg . These births and deaths are changes in nature which we are mistaking for changes in us-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Dying is a very dull, dreary affair-dd- And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it-dd- W-dd- Somerset Maugham . And as long as you’re subject to birth and death, you’ll never attain enlightenment-dd- Bodhidharma . Do you see the gift that you had-qq- Do you see how lucky you were-qq- Maxime Lagacé . There is no birth, there is no death; there is no coming, there is no going; there is no same, there is no different; there is no permanent self, there is no annihilation-dd- We only think there is-dd- Thich Nhat Hahn . Happiness can exist only in acceptance-dd- George Orwell . Once you accept your own death, all of a sudden you’re free to live-dd- You no longer care about your reputation-dd- You no longer care except so far as your life can be used tactically to promote a cause you believe in-dd- Saul Alinsky . Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes-dd- Don’t resist them; that only creates sorrow-dd- Let reality be reality-dd- Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like-dd- Lao Tzu . We must constantly remind ourselves that we are eternity, infinite, beyond birth and death-dd- Frederick Lenz . Part 1-dd- Everyone wants to be foremost in this future-and yet death and the stillness of death are the only things certain and common to all in this future-xx- Friedrich Nietzsche . Part 2-dd- How strange that this sole thing that is certain and common to all, exercises almost no influence on men, and that they are the furthest from regarding themselves as the brotherhood of death-xx- Friedrich Nietzsche . Part 3-dd- It makes me happy to see that men do not want to think at all of the idea of death-xx- Friedrich Nietzsche . Part 4-dd- I would fain do something to make the idea of life to us to be more than friends in the sense of that sublime possibility-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Part 5-dd- And so we will believe in our even a hundred times more worthy of their attention-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . For after all, the best thing one can do when it is raining is let it rain-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . To die laughing must be the most glorious of all glorious deaths-xx- Edgar Allan Poe . The only real ending is death-dd- Everything else is a transition-dd- Robert Greene . Preparing for death is one of the most empowering things you can do-dd- Thinking about death clarifies your life-dd- Candy Chang . The first step toward change is awareness-dd- The second step is acceptance-dd- Nathaniel Branden . Without birth and death, and without the perpetual transmutation of all the forms of life, the world would be static, rhythm-less, undancing, mummified-dd- Alan Watts . Every man must do two things alone; he must do his own believing and his own dying-dd- Martin Luther . If you are mindful of death, it will not come as a surprise-you will not be anxious-dd- You will feel that death is merely like changing clothes-dd- Consequently, at that point you will be able to maintain your calmness of mind-dd- Dalai Lama . To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest-dd- To live fully is to be always in no-man’s-land, to experience each moment as completely new and fresh-dd- To live is to be willing to die over and over again-dd- Pema Chödrön . Our life and death are the same thing-dd- When we realize this fact we have no fear of death anymore, and we have no actual difficulty in our life-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . When someone we love dies, we get so busy mourning what died that we ignore what didn’t-dd- Ram Dass . My happiness grows in direct proportion to my acceptance, and in inverse proportion to my expectations-dd- Michael J-dd- Fox . The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you-dd- Stephanie Perkins . Death is life’s high meed-dd- John Keats . Now, of all the benefits that virtue confers upon us, the contempt of death is one of the greatest, as the means that accommodates human life with a soft and easy tranquillity, and gives us a pure and pleasant taste of living, without which all other pleasure would be extinct-dd- Michel de Montaigne . We should always, as near as we can, be booted and spurred, and ready to go, and, above all things, take care, at that time, to have no business with any one but one’s self-dd- Why for so short a life tease ourselves with so many projects-qq- Michel de Montaigne . Death is our friend precisely because it brings us into absolute and passionate presence with all that is here, that is natural, that is love… Rainer Maria Rilke . One should die proudly when it is no longer possible to live proudly-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . And I will show that nothing can happen more beautiful than death-dd- Walt Whitman . What is called a reason for living is also an excellent reason for dying-dd- Albert Camus . Life is pleasant-dd- Death is peaceful-dd- It’s the transition that’s troublesome-dd- Isaac Asimov . Death is a law, not a punishment-dd- Jean Dubos . He is terribly afraid of dying because he hasn’t yet lived-dd- Franz Kafka . Our culture’s zeal for longevity reveals our incredible collective fear of death-dd- Ram Dass . I do not believe that any man fears to be dead, but only the stroke of death-dd- Francis Bacon . Some people are so afraid to die that they never begin to live-dd- Henry Van Dyke . Be sure the safest rule is that we should not dare to live in any scene in which we dare not die-dd- But, once realise what the true object is in life — that it is not pleasure, not knowledge, not even fame itself, ‘that last infirmity of noble minds’ — but that it is the development of character, the rising to a higher, nobler, purer standard, the building-up of the perfect Man — and then, so long as we feel that this is going on, and will (we trust) go on for evermore, death has for us no terror; it is not a shadow, but a light; not an end, but a beginning-xx- Lewis Carroll . Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion to death-dd- Elisabeth Kubler-Ross . I believe that fear of life brings a greater fear of death-dd- David Blaine . The typical human behaviour is to seek security and certainty-dd- We fear death because it’s the unknown and nobody can give us answers-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Death anxiety is greater in those who feel they have lived an unfulfilled life-dd- Irvin Yalom . One regret dear world, that I am determined not to have when I am lying on my deathbed is that I did not kiss you enough-dd- Hafiz of Persia . The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone-dd- Harriet Beecher Stowe . Dying is like coming to the end of a long novel – you only regret it if the ride was enjoyable and left you wanting more-dd- Jerome P-dd- Crabb . Many of us crucify ourselves between two thieves – regret for the past and fear of the future-dd- Fulton Oursler . Life will undertake to separate us, and we must each set off in search of our own path, our own destiny or our own way of facing death-dd- Paulo Coelho . People die all the time-dd- Life is a lot more fragile than we think-dd- So you should treat others in a way that leaves no regrets-dd- Fairly, and if possible, sincerely-dd- It’s too easy not to make the effort, then weep and wring your hands after the person dies-dd- Haruki Murakami . If I can see pain in your eyes, then share with me your tears-dd- If I can see joy in your eyes, then share with me your smile-dd- Santosh Kalwar . I think death is equally terrible for everyone-dd- Young people, old people, the good, the bad; it’s always the same-dd- It’s rather fair in its treatment-dd- There’s no such thing as a terrible death, that’s why it’s frightening-dd- Sunako . Do not seek death-dd- But do not fear it either-dd- There cannot be life without death, it is inescapable-dd- Keisei Tagami . It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling (Harry Potter) . When it’s time to die, let us not discover that we have never lived-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Live your life that the fear of death can never enter your heart-dd- Tecumseh . Death in itself is nothing; but we fear to be we know not what, we know not where-dd- John Dryden . Isn’t it sad that so often it takes facing death to appreciate life and each other fully-qq- Esther Earl . You are facing death and danger and competition, but at any moment, you can decide to have a fearless mindset-dd- Robert Greene . To fear death is nothing other than to think oneself wise when one is not-dd- For it is to think one knows what one does not know-dd- No one knows whether death may not even turn out to be the greatest blessings of human beings-dd- And yet people fear it as if they knew for certain it is the greatest evil-dd- Socrates . Man alone chimes the hour-dd- And, because of this, man alone suffers a paralyzing fear that no other creature endures-dd- A fear of time running out-dd- Mitch Albom . Each day, we wake slightly altered, and the person we were yesterday is dead-dd- So why, one could say, be afraid of death, when death comes all the time-qq- John Updike . The funny thing about facing imminent death is that it really snaps everything else into perspective-dd- James Patterson . Let us not pray to be sheltered from dangers but to be fearless when facing them-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Let thy hope of heaven master thy fear of death-dd- William Gurnall . Because there is no glory in illness-dd- There is no meaning to it-dd- John Green . There is an afterlife-dd- I am convinced of this-dd- Paulo Coelho . I have always imagined that paradise will be a kind of library-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . I regret not death-dd- I am going to meet my friends in another world-dd- Ludovico Ariosto . Whether or not there’s an afterlife, screw it-dd- Just live your life right here, right now before it’s too late-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If we can prove an afterlife, then we have less pressure to make our physical life last forever-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . I would love to believe that when I die I will live again, that some thinking, feeling, remembering part of me will continue-dd- But as much as I want to believe that, and despite the ancient and worldwide cultural traditions that assert an afterlife, I know of nothing to suggest that it is more than wishful thinking-dd- Carl Sagan . The real question of life after death isn’t whether or not it exists, but even if it does what problem this really solves-dd- Ludwig Wittgenstein . We sometimes congratulate ourselves at the moment of waking from a troubled dream; it may be so the moment after death-dd- Nathaniel Hawthorne . Birth is not a beginning; death is not an end-dd- There is existence without limitation; there is continuity without a starting point-dd- Zhuangzi . You are dead – what am I speaking to-qq- Philip Pullman . There is no death-dd- Only a change of worlds-dd- Chief Seattle (Native American) . Death is the greatest illusion of all-dd- Osho . Death is as sure for that which is born, as birth for that which is dead-dd- Therefore grieve not for what is inevitable-dd- Bhagavad Gita . The strongest intimidation, by the way, is the invention of a hereafter with a hell everlasting-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . I don’t like paradise, as they probably don’t have obsessions there-dd- Alda Merini . I don’t believe in an afterlife, so I don’t have to spend my whole life fearing hell, or fearing heaven even more-dd- For whatever the tortures of hell, I think the boredom of heaven would be even worse-dd- Isaac Asimov . Ancient Egyptians believed that upon death they would be asked two questions and their answers would determine whether they could continue their journey in the afterlife-dd- The first question was, ‘Did you bring joy-qq-’ The second was, ‘Did you find joy-qq- Leo Buscaglia . I regard the brain as a computer which will stop working when its components fail-dd- There is no heaven or afterlife for broken down computers; that is a fairy story for people afraid of the dark-dd- Stephen Hawking . Of course you don’t die-dd- Nobody dies-dd- Death doesn’t exist-dd- You only reach a new level of vision, a new realm of consciousness, a new unknown world-dd- Henry Miller . There is no conclusive evidence of life after death, but there is no evidence of any sort against it-dd- Soon enough you will know, so why fret about it-qq- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . From my rotting body, flowers shall grow and I am in them and that is eternity-dd- Thomas Moore . Endings are not always bad-dd- Most times they’re just beginnings in disguise-dd- Kim Harrison . Death – the last sleep-qq- No, it is the final awakening-dd- Walter Scott . Part 1-dd- I cannot pretend I am without fear-dd- But my predominant feeling is one of gratitude-dd- Oliver Sacks . Part 2-dd- I have loved and been loved; I have been given much and I have given something in return; I have read and traveled and thought and written-dd-Olivier Sacks . Part 3-dd- I have had an intercourse with the world, the special intercourse of writers and readers-dd- Olivier Sacks . Part 4-dd- Above all, I have been a sentient being, a thinking animal, on this beautiful planet, and that in itself has been an enormous privilege and adventure-dd- Oliver Sacks . The most important thing to arrive on your deathbed satisfied and grateful is to first live your life fully-dd- Maxime Lagacé . How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard-dd- Winnie The Pooh . 