The chief enemy of creativity is good sense-dd- Pablo Picasso . The works must be conceived with fire in the soul but executed with clinical coolness-dd- Joan Miró . He who would be a man must therefore be a nonconformist-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The most talented, thought-provoking, game-changing people are never normal-dd- Richard Branson . If you’re not doing some things that are crazy, then you’re doing the wrong things-dd- Larry Page . Create with the heart; build with the mind-dd- Criss Jami . Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion-dd- Jack Kerouac . The most dangerous idea is silencing people-dd- Naval Ravikant . Originality is the best form of rebellion-dd- Mike Sasso . Vulnerability is the birthplace of innovation, creativity and change-dd- Brené Brown . If only we could pull out our brain and use only our eyes-dd- Pablo Picasso . Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work-dd- Gustave Flaubert . You can’t use up creativity-dd- The more you use, the more you have-dd- Maya Angelou . The most dangerous creation of any society is the man who has nothing to lose-dd- James Baldwin . We adore chaos because we love to produce order-dd- M-dd- C-dd- Escher . When we build, let us think that we build forever-dd- John Ruskin . When you can do a common thing in an uncommon way; you will command the attention of the world-dd- George Washington Carver . Great things are not done by impulse, but a series of small things brought together-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . If you’re to create something powerful and important, you must at the very least be driven by an equally powerful inner force-dd- Ryan Holiday . If it doesn’t sell; it isn’t creative-dd- David Ogilvy . An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all-dd- Oscar Wilde . A busy calendar and a busy mind will destroy your ability to do great things in this world-dd- If you want to be able to do great things, whether you’re a musician, or whether you’re an entrepreneur, or whether you’re an investor, you need free time and you need a free mind-dd- Naval Ravikant . In order to create you have to believe in your ability to do so and that often means excluding whole chunks of normal life, and, of course, pumping yourself up as much as possible as a way of keeping on-dd- Sort of cheering for yourself in the great football stadium of life-dd- T-dd-C-dd- Boyle . Social media has colonized what was once a sacred space occupied by emptiness: the space reserved for thought and creativity-dd- Mahershala Ali . The important thing for you is to be alert, to question, to find out, so that your own initiative may be awakened-dd- Bruce Lee . Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight or any experience that reveals the human spirit-dd- E-dd- E-dd- Cummings . The cure for boredom is curiosity-dd- There is no cure for curiosity-dd- Dorothy Parker . It may be that our cosmic curiosity is a genetically-encoded force that we illuminate when we look up and wonder-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . The principal mark of genius is not perfection but originality, the opening of new frontiers-dd- Arthur Koestler . Go into yourself-dd- Find out the reason that commands you to write; see whether it has spread its roots into the very depths of your heart; confess to yourself whether you would have to die if you were forbidden to write-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . That so few now dare to be eccentric marks the chief danger of our time-dd- John Stuart Mill . Art, freedom and creativity will change society faster than politics-dd- Victor Pinchuk . So go on, get angry-dd- But keep your mouth shut and go do your work-dd- Austin Kleon (This is one of my favorite creativity quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known-dd- Carl Sagan . The richness I achieve comes from nature, the source of my inspiration-dd- Claude Monet . The world always seems brighter when you’ve just made something that wasn’t there before-dd- Neil Gaiman . Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced-dd- Leo Tolstoy . The main thing is to be moved, to love, to hope, to tremble, to live-dd- Auguste Rodin . For me, insanity is super sanity-dd- The normal is psychotic-dd- Normal means lack of imagination, lack of creativity-dd- Jean Dubuffet . Absurdity and anti-absurdity are the two poles of creative energy-dd- Karl Lagerfeld . The question is not if we will be extremists, but what kind of extremists we will be-dd- The nation and the world are in dire need of creative extremists-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Draw the art you want to see, start the business you want to run, play the music you want to hear, write the books you want to read, build the products you want to use – do the work you want to see done-dd- Austin Kleon . When I am completely myself, entirely alone during the night when I cannot sleep, it is on such occasions that my ideas flow best and most abundantly-dd- Mozart . The question isn’t who is going to let me; It’s who is going to stop me-dd- Ayn Rand . Whether you succeed or not is irrelevant, there is no such thing-dd- Making your unknown known is the important thing-dd- Georgia O’Keeffe . If you hear a voice within you say ‘you cannot paint,’ then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced-dd- Vincent van Gogh . The first and most important thing an individual can do is to become an individual again, decontrol himself, train himself as to what is going on and win back as much independent ground for himself as possible-dd- William S-dd- Burroughs . Don’t think about making art, just get it done-dd- Let everyone else decide if it’s good or bad, whether they love it or hate it-dd- While they are deciding, make even more art-dd- Andy Warhol . It seems like the world is crumbling out there, but it is actually a really great time in your life to get a little crazy, follow your curiosity and be ambitious about it-dd- Larry Page (Google) . Perfection is no small thing, but it is made up of small things-dd- Michelangelo . Creativity takes courage-dd- Henri Matisse . I shut my eyes in order to see-dd- Paul Gauguin . To be an artist is to believe in life-dd- Henry Moore . You are your only limit-dd- . Good art inspires; Good design motivates-dd- Otl Aicher . The criminal is the creative artist; the detective only the critic-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . The urge to destroy is also a creative urge-dd- Mikhail Bakunin . Replace fear with curiosity-dd- Steven Spielberg . Inspiration is for amateurs-dd- The rest of us just show up and get to work-dd- Chuck Close . When all think alike, then no one is thinking-dd- Walter Lippman . Without freedom, there is no creation-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . My humor is my creativity, and my skepticism is a gift-dd- J-dd- Tillman . If you want something new, you have to stop doing something old-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Imitation is suicide-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Every new idea is just a mashup or a remix of one or more previous ideas-dd- Austin Kleon . Creativity is as important as literacy-dd- Ken Robinson . Chance favors the prepared mind-dd- Louis Pasteur . Ideas come from everything-dd- Alfred Hitchcock . Cowardice is the most terrible of vices-dd- Mikhail Bulgakov . Everything is interesting-dd- Look closer-dd- . There’s the whole world at your feet-dd- Mary Poppins . Of all lies, art is the least untrue-dd- Gustave Flaubert . I don’t need time-dd- What I need is a deadline-dd- Duke Ellington (By the way, did you know that deadlines can actually crush your creativity-qq-) . It’s no accident that AHA and HAHA are spelled almost the same way-dd- Mitch Ditkoff . We don’t make mistakes, just happy little accidents-dd- Bob Ross . Human beings are the only creatures who are allowed to fail-dd- If an ant fails, it’s dead-dd- Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi . I can always be distracted by love, but eventually I get horny for my creativity-dd- Gilda Radner . Google everything-dd- I mean everything-dd- Google your dreams, Google your problems-dd- Don’t ask a question before you Google it-dd- You’ll either find the answer or you’ll come up with a better question-dd- Austin Kleon . Keep your sense of humor, my friend; if you don’t have a sense of humor it just isn’t funny anymore-dd- Wavy Gravy . The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not ‘Eureka-xx-’ but ‘That’s funny-xx-’-dd- Isaac Asimov . The stone age didn’t end because they ran out of stones-dd- . The thing about creativity is, people are going to laugh at it-dd- Get over it-dd- Twyla Tharp . Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes-dd- Art is knowing which ones to keep-dd- Scott Adams . It’s better to create something that others criticise than to create nothing & criticise others-dd- Ricky Gervais . Fear leads to self-doubt which is the worst enemy of creativity-dd- David Ogilvy . There’s a tremendous bias against taking risks-dd- Everyone is trying to optimize their ass-covering-dd- Elon Musk . Many prefer not to exercise their imaginations at all-dd- They choose to remain comfortably within the bounds of their own experience, never troubling to wonder how it would feel to have been born other than they are-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt-dd- Sylvia Plath . There is intelligence when you are not afraid-dd- Bruce Lee . Something is always born of excess: great art was born of great terrors, great loneliness, great inhibitions, instabilities, and it always balances them-dd- Anais Nin . Sensitivity is not possible if you are afraid of this, that, etc-dd- Bruce Lee . A new idea is delicate-dd- It can be killed by a sneer or a yawn; it can be stabbed to death by a quip and worried to death by a frown on the right man’s brow-dd- Charles Brower . If you are not prepared to be wrong, you’ll never come up with anything original-dd- Ken Robinson . You have to be willing to ask questions that almost no one else would ask-dd- Samantha Bee . Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties-dd- Erich Fromm . In order to be open to creativity, one must have the capacity for constructive use of solitude-dd- One must overcome the fear of being alone-dd- Rollo May . Laughing can serve you in dark moments and even help you crawl your way back out-dd- Ryan Reynolds . It is failure that guides evolution; perfection provides no incentive for improvement, and nothing is perfect-dd- Colson Whitehead . Curiosity will conquer fear more than bravery will-dd- James Stephenson . The field of creativity that exists within each individual is freed by moving out of ideas of wrong-doing or right doing-dd- Angeles Arrien . Remember the two benefits of failure-dd- First, if you do fail, you learn what doesn’t work; and second, the failure gives you the opportunity to try a new approach-dd- Roger Von Oech . We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Use your imagination to fill in the blanks-dd- Barbara Corcoran . One of the only ways to get out a tight box is to invent your way out-dd- Jeff Bezos . If your dream only includes you, it’s too small-dd- Ava DuVernay . I dream my painting and i paint my dream-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . All profound distraction opens certain doors-dd- You have to allow yourself to be distracted when you are unable to concentrate-dd- Julio Cortázar . Imagination is the beginning of creation-dd- You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine and at last you create what you will-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Mystery is at the heart of creativity-dd- That, and surprise-dd- Julia Cameron . Rational thoughts never drive people’s creativity the way emotions do-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . Make an empty space in any corner of your mind, and creativity will instantly fill it-dd- Dee Hock . Imagination is the uniquely human capacity to envision that which is not; it is the foundation of all invention and innovation-dd- J-dd- K-dd- Rowling . Look closely at the present you’re constructing-dd- It should look like the future you are dreaming-dd- Alice Walker . Imagination is an opportunity to put your mind to work – for good-dd- Sam Horn . The world is but a canvas to the imagination-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupéry . My life didn’t please me, so I created my life-dd- Coco Chanel . To live is to express, and to express you have to create-dd- Creation is never merely repetition-dd- To live is to express oneself freely in creation-dd- Bruce Lee . Be curious about the world in which you live-dd- Look things up-dd- Chase down every reference-dd- Go deeper than anybody else – that’s how you’ll get ahead-dd- Austin Kleon . I never paint dreams or nightmares-dd- I paint my own reality-dd- Frida Kahlo . Curiosity about life in all of its aspects, I think, is still the secret of great creative people-dd- Leo Burnett . Creativity comes from looking for the unexpected and stepping outside your own experience-dd- Masaru Ibuka . Blessed are the curious, for they shall have adventures-dd- Lovelle Drachman . Too much planning implies you’ve got it all under control-dd- That’s boring, unrealistic, and dangerous-dd- Twyla Tharp . Everything is raw material-dd- Everything is relevant-dd- Everything is usable-dd- Everything feeds into my creativity-dd- But without proper preparation, I cannot see it, retain it, and use it-dd- Twyla Tharp . Routine kills creative thought-dd- Scarlett Thomas . Your ego can become an obstacle to your work-dd- If you start believing in your greatness, it is the death of your creativity-dd- Marina Abramovic . Reading, conversation, environment, culture, heroes, mentors, nature – all are lottery tickets for creativity-dd- Scratch away at them and you’ll find out how big a prize you’ve won-dd- Twyla Tharp . You don’t make art out of good intentions-dd- Gustave Flaubert . The road to creativity passes so close to the madhouse and often detours or ends there-dd- Ernest Becker . There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love-dd- Sophia Loren . There is a vitality, a life force, an energy, a quickening that is translated through you into action, and because there is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique-dd- And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and will be lost-dd- Martha Graham . Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Non-judgment quiets the internal dialogue, and this opens once again the doorway to creativity-dd- Deepak Chopra . Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct-dd- The creative mind plays with the objects it loves-dd- Carl Jung . I feel there is nothing more artistic than loving people-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . Persistence-dd- Perfection-dd- Patience-dd- Power-dd- Prioritize your passion-dd- It keeps you sane-dd- Criss Jami . Write while the heat is in you-dd- The writer who postpones the recording of his thoughts uses an iron which has cooled to burn a hole with-dd- He cannot inflame the minds of his audience-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Working hard for something we don’t care about is called stress-dd- Working hard for something we love is called passion-dd- Simon Sinek . Your own reasons to make are reason enough-dd- Create whatever causes a revolution in your heart-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert (Author of the book Eat, Pray, Love) . Find three hobbies you love: one to make you money, one to keep you in shape and one to be creative-dd- . The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses-dd- Edith Södergran . There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony-dd- There is time for work-dd- And time for love-dd- That leaves no other time-dd- Coco Chanel . Genius is only a great aptitude for patience-dd- George-Louis Leclerc . Solitude is creativity’s best friend, and solitude is refreshment for our souls-dd- Naomi Judd . It’s only after you’re bored that you’re gonna have the great ideas-dd- Naval Ravikant . The more time you spend being quiet and looking in, your intuition grows and you trust it more-dd- Rick Rubin . If you get stuck, get away from your desk-dd- Take a walk, take a bath, go to sleep, make a pie, draw, listen to ­music, meditate, exercise; whatever you do, don’t just stick there scowling at the problem-dd- Hilary Mantel . You’re probably on the right track if you feel like a sidewalk worm during a rainstorm-dd- Larry Page (Google) . What is the one sentence summary of how you change the world-qq- Always work hard on something uncomfortably exciting-xx- Larry Page (Google) . It’s easy to attack and destroy an act of creation-dd- It’s a lot more difficult to perform one-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Boredom always precedes a period of great creativity-dd- Robert M-dd- Pirsig . Any activity becomes creative when the doer cares about doing it right or better-dd- John Updike . When we engage in what we are naturally suited to do, our work takes on the quality of play and it is play that stimulates creativity-dd- Linda Naiman . When you’re in a rut, you have to question everything except your ability to get out of it-dd- Twyla Tharp . Your job is to collect good ideas-dd- The more good ideas you collect, the more you can choose from to be influenced by-dd- Austin Kleon . Not everybody will get it-dd- People will misinterpret you and what you do-dd- They might even call you names-dd- So get comfortable with being misunderstood, disparaged, or ignored — the trick is to be too busy doing your work to care-dd- Austin Kleon . Your brain gets too comfortable in your everyday surroundings-dd- You need to make it uncomfortable-dd- You need to spend some time in another land, among people that do things differently than you-dd- Travel makes the world look new, and when the world looks new, our brains work harder-dd- Austin Kleon . Others inspire us, information feeds us, practice improves our performance, but we need quiet time to figure things out, to emerge with new discoveries, to unearth original answers-dd- Ester Buchholz . I think boredom is the beginning of every authentic act-dd- Boredom opens up the space, for new engagements-dd- Without boredom, no creativity-dd- If you are not bored, you just stupidly enjoy the situation in which you are-dd- Slavoj Žižek . Creative people need time to just sit around and do nothing-dd- Austin Kleon . One sure-fire way to stay creative: force yourself to learn something new-dd- Harvey Mackay . Creative thinking is not a mystical talent-dd- It is a skill that can be practiced and nurtured-dd- Edward de Bono . It is important that students bring a certain ragamuffin, barefoot irreverence to their studies; they are not here to worship what is known, but to question it-dd- Jacob Bronowski . Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning-dd- William Ward . Our ability to grow is directly proportional to an ability to entertain the uncomfortable-dd- Twyla Tharp . Thank goodness I was never sent to school; it would have rubbed off some of the originality-dd- Beatrix Potter . If you ever find that you’re the most talented person in the room, you need to find another room-dd- Austin Kleon . Conditions for creativity are to be puzzled; to concentrate; to accept conflict and tension; to be born everyday; to feel a sense of self-dd- Erich Fromm . Creative activity could be described as a type of learning process where teacher and pupil are located in the same individual-dd- Arthur Koestler . Almost all creativity requires purposeful play-dd- Abraham Maslow . Collect books, even if you don’t plan on reading them right away-dd- Nothing is more important than an unread library-dd- John Waters . I like to listen-dd- I have learned a great deal from listening carefully-dd- Most people never listen-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Pretend to be making something until you actually make something-dd- Austin Kleon . There are no rules-dd- That is how art is born, how breakthroughs happen-dd- Go against the rules or ignore the rules-dd- That is what invention is about-dd- Helen Frankenthaler . It is often easier to make progress on mega-ambitious dreams-dd- Since no one else is crazy enough to do it, you have little competition-dd- Larry Page (Google) . The best people want to work the big challenges-dd- Larry Page (Google) . Have a healthy disregard for the impossible and actually build new solutions-dd- Larry Page (Google) . Invention, it must be humbly admitted, does not consist in creating out of void but out of chaos-dd- Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley . The best ideas come as jokes-dd- Make your thinking as funny as possible-dd- David Ogilvy . Creating opportunities means looking where others are not-dd- Mark Cuban . Outrageous behavior, also known as the lunatic fringe, is the seed bed of innovation and creativity-dd- Joel Salatin . Creativity arises out of the tension between spontaneity and limitations, the latter (like the river banks) forcing the spontaneity into the various forms which are essential to the work of art or poem-dd- Rollo May . The closer man gets to the unknown, the more inventive he becomes – the quicker he adopts new ways-dd- Buckminster Fuller . Remember this when you’re struggling for a big idea-dd- You’re much better off scratching for a small one-dd- Twyla Tharp . If you only do what you know and do it very, very well, chances are that you won’t fail-dd- You’ll just stagnate, and your work will get less and less interesting, and that’s failure by erosion-dd- Twyla Tharp . Reinvent new combinations of what you already own-dd- Improvise-dd- Become more creative-dd- Not because you have to, but because you want to-dd- Evolution is the secret for the next step-dd- Karl Lagerfeld . Innovation is simply seeing and connecting new dots in new ways-dd- It is doing the opposite of the always-dd- Sam Horn . Great is the human who has not lost his childlike heart-dd- Mencius . Our task, regarding creativity, is to help children climb their own mountains, as high as possible-dd- No one can do more-dd- Loris Malaguzzi . The thing is to become a master and, in your old age, to acquire the courage to do what children did when they knew nothing-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Sit down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every conceived notion, follow humbly wherever and whatever abysses nature leads, or you will learn nothing-dd- Thomas Huxley . Creativity is an area in which younger people have a tremendous advantage, since they have an endearing habit of always questioning past wisdom and authority-dd- Bill Hewlett . A child’s mind is not a container to be filled but rather a fire to be kindled-dd- Dorothea Brande . Art is the only way to run away without leaving home-dd- Twyla Tharp . Life is short, art is long-dd- Hippocrates . Art evokes the mystery without which the world would not exist-dd- René Magritte . Art is a line around your thoughts-dd- Gustav Klimt . Great art picks up where nature ends-dd- Marc Chagall . Art is communication of feelings-dd- Bruce Lee . Requirement to be an artist: purity of heart-dd- Bruce Lee . Don’t think-dd- Thinking is the enemy of creativity-dd- It’s self-conscious, and anything self-conscious is lousy-dd- You can’t try to do things-dd- You simply must do things-dd- Ray Bradbury . Graffiti is one of the few tools you have if you have almost nothing-dd- And even if you don’t come up with a picture to cure world poverty you can make someone smile while they’re having a piss-dd- Banksy . Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one-dd- Stella Adler . I think that you’ve got to make something that pleases you and hope that other people feel the same way-dd- Thomas Keller . The writer must be universal in sympathy and an outcast by nature: only then can he see clearly-dd- Julian Barnes . The public wants work which flatters its illusions-dd- Gustave Flaubert . The whole culture is telling you to hurry, while the art tells you to take your time-dd- Always listen to the art-dd- Junot Diaz . The true use of art is, first, to cultivate the artist’s own spiritual nature-dd- George Inness . The artist is not a special kind of person; rather each person is a special kind of artist-dd- Ananda Coomaraswamy . If I could say it in words there would be no reason to paint-dd- Edward Hopper . You don’t take a photograph, you make it-dd- Ansel Adams . You have to do stuff that average people don’t understand because those are the only good things-dd- Andy Warhol . Art is what you can get away with-dd- Andy Warhol . Art has the role in education of helping children become like themselves instead of more like everyone else-dd- Sydney Gurewitz Clemens . The best art divides the audience-dd- Rick Rubin . Thinking about design is hard, but not thinking about it can be disastrous-dd- Ralph Caplan . Creativity is people who care enough to keep thinking about something until they find the simplest way to do it-dd- Tim Cook . To make something new in fashion, you have to stay in a little bit of mad place and do a revolution-dd- Alessandro Michele . In the end, creativity isn’t just the things we choose to put in, it’s the things we choose to leave out-dd- Austin Kleon . Adequate form [in art] requires: 1) Individuality rather than imitative repetitiousness 2) Brevity rather than bulkiness 3) Clarity rather than obscurity 4) Simplicity of expression rather than complexity of form-dd- Bruce Lee . It is not daily increase but daily decrease – hack away the unessential-xx- The closer to the source, the less wastage there is-dd- Bruce Lee . It is indeed difficult to convey simplicity-dd- Bruce Lee . Simplicity and complexity need each other-dd- John Maeda . Self-expression is important-dd- Only the self-sufficient stand alone – most people follow the crowd and imitate-dd- Bruce Lee . Painting is easy when you don’t know how, but very difficult when you do-dd- Edgar Degas . I’d rather believe in my own choice and see it all go wrong than do something I’m not fully convinced of and later feel guilty about it-dd- Alicia Keys . It took me a long time to accept myself, people, and once I did, it was on and crackin-dd- Leslie Jones . What sets you apart can feel like a burden, and it’s not-dd- A lot of the time, it’s what makes you great-dd- Emma Stone . Be Yourself-dd- Embrace your quirks-dd- Ed Sheerhan . One must not merely copy but try to convey the significance of what you see-dd- Bruce Lee . All I’m writing is just what I feel, that’s all-dd- I just keep it almost naked-dd- And probably the words are so bland-dd- Jimi Hendrix . Creative people are often found either disagreeable or intimidating by mediocrities-dd- Criss Jami . I have nothing to explain-dd- As for being misunderstood, I have grown accustomed to that-dd- Fan BingBing . The key question isn’t “What fosters creativity-qq-” But it is why in God’s name isn’t everyone creative-qq- Where was the human potential lost-qq- How was it crippled-qq- Abraham Maslow . Why do people not create or innovate-qq- We have got to abandon that sense of amazement in the face of creativity, as if it were a miracle if anybody created anything-dd- Abraham Maslow . You were born an original-dd- Don’t die a copy-dd- John Mason . Don’t wait until you know who you are to get started-dd- Austin Kleon . To express oneself honestly, not lying to oneself; that, my friend, is very hard to do-dd- Bruce Lee . Everyone has their own ways of expression-dd- I believe we all have a lot to say, but finding ways to say it is more than half the battle-dd- Criss Jami . Don’t be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others-dd- Unfold your own myth-dd- Rumi . Everybody is talented because everybody who is human has something to express-dd- Brenda Ueland . Find something only you can say-dd- James Dickey . To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk-dd- Thomas Edison . There’s a way to do it better – find it-dd- Thomas Edison . Our greatest weakness lies in giving up-dd- The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time-dd- Thomas Edison . Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up-dd- Thomas Edison . There are no rules here – we’re trying to accomplish something-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . To have a great idea, have a lot of them-dd- Thomas Edison . When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this – you haven’t-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Logic will get you from a to b-dd- Imagination will take you everywhere-dd- Albert Einstein . The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination-dd- Albert Einstein . A person who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new-dd- Albert Einstein . We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them-dd- Albert Einstein . I never made one of my discoveries through the process of rational thinking Albert Einstein . It is, in fact, nothing short of a miracle that the modern methods of instruction have not yet entirely strangled the holy curiosity of inquiry; for this delicate little plant, aside from stimulation, stands mainly in need of freedom-dd- Without this it goes to wrack and ruin without fail-dd- Albert Einstein . Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow-dd- The important thing is not to stop questioning-dd- Albert Einstein . A happy man is too satisfied with the present to dwell too much on the future-dd- Albert Einstein . The leader is one who, out of the clutter, brings simplicity… Out of discord, harmony… And out of difficulty, opportunity-dd- Albert Einstein . The value of achievement lies in the achieving-dd- Albert Einstein . Know where to find the information and how to use it-dd- That’s the secret of success-dd- Albert Einstein . I very rarely think in words at all-dd- A thought comes, and I may try to express in words afterwards-dd- Albert Einstein . The important thing is to not stop questioning-dd- Curiosity has its own reason for existing-dd- Albert Einstein . The only way to escape the corruptible effect of praise is to go on working-dd- Albert Einstein . Stay hungry-dd- Stay foolish-dd- Steve Jobs . Creativity is just connecting things-dd- When you ask creative people how they did something, they feel a little guilty because they didn’t really do it, they just saw something-dd- Steve Jobs . You have to be burning with an idea, or a problem, or a wrong that you want to right-dd- If you’re not passionate enough from the start, you’ll never stick it out-dd- Steve Jobs . We are gambling on our vision, and we would rather do that than make ‘me-too’ products-dd- For us, it’s always the next dream-dd- Steve Jobs . The people who made Mac are sort of on the edge-dd- Steve Jobs . I think the artistry is in having an insight into what one sees around them-dd- Generally putting things together in a way no one else has before and finding a way to express that to other people who don’t have that insight-dd- . Why fit in when you were born to stand out-qq- Dr-dd- Seuss . Think left and think right, and think low and think high; Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells-dd- Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . This is who the fuck I am-dd- Lady Gaga . Ignore all hatred and criticism-dd- live for what you create, and die protecting it-dd- Lady Gaga . Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams-dd- Lady Gaga . When you make music or write or create, it’s really your job to have mind-blowing, irresponsible, condomless sex with whatever idea it is you’re writing about at the time-dd- Lady Gaga . Even if the world gives up on you, you always have yourself-dd- Lady Gaga . Do not allow people to dim your shine because they are blinded-dd- Tell them to put on some sunglasses-dd- Lady Gaga . If you can dream it, you can do it-dd- Walt Disney . We keep moving forward, opening new doors, and trying new things, because we are curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths-dd- Walt Disney . The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique-dd- Walt Disney . To be creative means to be in love with life-dd- You can be creative only if you love life enough that you want to enhance its beauty, you want to bring a little more music to it, a little more poetry to it, a little more dance to it-dd- Osho . Each person comes into this world with a specific destiny – he has something to fulfill, some message has to be delivered, some work has to be completed-dd- You are not here accidentally–you are here meaningfully-dd- There is a purpose behind you-dd- The whole intends to do something through you-dd- Osho . Creativity is the greatest rebellion in existence-dd- Osho . You have to walk, and create the way by your walking; you will not find a ready-made path-dd- It is not so cheap, to reach to the ultimate realization of truth-dd- Osho . Life begins where fear ends-dd- Osho . Every child is an artist-dd- The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up-dd- Pablo Picasso . Inspiration does exist, but it must find you working-dd- Pablo Picasso . Others have seen what is and asked why-dd- I have seen what could be and asked why not-dd- Pablo Picasso . Every act of creation is first of all an act of destruction-dd- Picasso . Good artists copy, great artists steal-dd- Pablo Picasso . Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist-dd- Pablo Picasso . There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so-dd- William Shakespeare . Action is eloquence-dd- William Shakespeare . It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves-dd- William Shakespeare . A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool-dd- William Shakespeare . We know what we are, but know not what we may be-dd- William Shakespeare . Every artist was first an amateur-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . A painter told me that nobody could draw a tree without in some sort becoming a tree-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Genius means little more than the faculty of perceiving in an unhabitual way-dd- William James . The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook-dd- William James . The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it-dd- William James . Be yourself-dd- Everyone else is already taken-dd- Oscar Wilde . Experience is merely the name men gave to their mistakes-dd- Oscar Wilde . Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong-dd- Oscar Wilde . Who, being loved, is poor-qq- Oscar Wilde . No great artist ever sees things as they really are-dd- If he did, he would cease to be an artist-dd- Oscar Wilde . There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about-dd- Oscar Wilde . Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination-dd- Oscar Wilde . Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future-dd- Oscar Wilde . I don’t want to go to heaven-dd- None of my friends are there-dd- Oscar Wilde . Have no fear of perfection, you’ll never reach it-dd- Salvador Dali . Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing-dd- Salvador Dali . This is very important because I work constantly in the moment of sleep-dd- All of my best ideas come through my dreams-dd- Salvador Dali . Everything alters me, but nothing changes me-dd- Salvador Dali . Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings-dd- Salvador Dali . Give me two hours a day of activity, and I’ll take the other twenty-two in dreams-dd- Salvador Dali . So little of what could happen does happen-dd- Salvador Dali . I am not strange-dd- I am just not normal-dd- Salvador Dali . Creativity is the ability to introduce order into the randomness of nature-dd- Eric Hoffer . Creativity is inventing, experimenting, growing, taking risks, breaking rules, making mistakes and having fun-dd- Mary Lou Cook . Creativity is based on the belief that there’s no particular virtue in doing things they way they’ve always been done-dd- Rudolph Flesch . Creativity is piercing the mundane to find the marvelous-dd- Bill Moyers . Making the simple complicated is commonplace; making the complicated simple, awesomely simple, that’s creativity-dd- Charles Mingus . Creativity is not just for artists-dd- It’s for business people looking for a new way to close a sale; it’s for engineers trying to solve a problem; it’s for parents who want their children to see the world in more than one way-dd- Twyla Tharp . Creativity is the process of having original ideas that have value-dd- It is a process; it’s not random-dd- Ken Robinson . Creativity requires input, and that’s what research is-dd- You’re gathering material with which to build-dd- Gene Luen Yang . Creativity is the power to connect the seemingly unconnected-dd- William Plomer . Creativity comes from a conflict of ideas-dd- Donatella Versace . Creativity is contagious-dd- Pass it on-dd- Albert Einstein . Creativity is intelligence having fun-dd- Albert Einstein . Creativity is a continual surprise-dd- Ray Bradbury . Creativity is an act of defiance-dd- Twyla Tharp . Nothing is original-dd- Steal from anywhere that resonates with inspiration or fuels your imagination-dd- Devour old films, new films, music, books, paintings, photographs, poems, dreams, random conversations, architecture, bridges, street signs, trees, clouds, bodies of water, light and shadows-dd- Select only things to steal from that speak directly to your soul-dd- If you do this, your work (and theft) will be authentic-dd- Authenticity is invaluable; originality is non-existent-dd- And don’t bother concealing your thievery – celebrate it if you feel like it-dd- In any case, always remember what Jean-Luc Godard said: “It’s not where you take things from – it’s where you take them to“-dd- Jim Jarmusch . 