Doubt is the origin of wisdom-dd- Augustine of Hippo . The truest wisdom is a resolute determination-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Science is organized knowledge-dd- Wisdom is organized life-dd- Immanuel Kant . Foolishness is a twin sister of wisdom-dd- Witold Gombrowicz . Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it-dd- Albert Einstein . Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use-dd- Thomas J-dd- Watson . It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor-dd- Seneca . A wise man never loses anything, if he has himself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom-dd- Francis Bacon . Discipline is wisdom and vice versa-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . The fool wonders, the wise man asks-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change-dd- Confucius . Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens-dd- Jimi Hendrix . To attain knowledge, add things everyday-dd- To attain wisdom, remove things every day-dd- Lao Tzu . Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life-dd- Hermann Hesse . We can know only that we know nothing-dd- And that is the highest degree of human wisdom-dd- Leo Tolstoy . There is only a finger’s difference between a wise man and a fool-dd- Diogenes . Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end-dd- Leonard Nimoy . What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness-qq- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Everything comes in time to him who knows how to wait-dd- Leo Tolstoy . A fool is known by his speech; and a wise man by silence-dd- Pythagoras . A weak reaction is to rush things-dd- A strong reaction is to go slow and steady-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Never say no twice if you mean it-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . We don’t receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us-dd- Marcel Proust . Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children-dd- Kahlil Gibran . A man has made at least a start on discovering the meaning of human life when he plants shade trees under which he knows full well he will never sit-dd- David Elton Trueblood . The motto of chivalry is also the motto of wisdom; to serve all, but love only one-dd- Honore De Balzac . He gossips habitually; he lacks the common wisdom to keep still that deadly enemy of man, his own tongue-dd- Mark Twain . Memory is not wisdom; idiots can by rote repeat volumes-dd- Yet what is wisdom without memory-qq- Martin Farquhar Tupper . Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment-dd- Lao Tzu . The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment-dd- Will Rogers . Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom-dd- Thomas Jefferson . The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing-dd- Socrates . Wisdom and deep intelligence require an honest appreciation of mystery-dd- Thomas Moore (This is one of my favorite wisdom quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Wisdom is knowing when you can’t be wise-dd- Paul Engle . Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences-dd- Norman Cousins . Wisdom is the knowledge of good and evil, not the strength to choose between the two-dd- John Cheever . The two powers which in my opinion constitute a wise man are those of bearing and forbearing-dd- Epictetus . Wisdom is not finally tested in the schools-dd- Wisdom cannot be passed from one having it to another not having it-dd- Wisdom is of the soul, is not susceptible of proof, is its own proof-dd- Walt Whitman . Wisdom and understanding can only become the possession of individual men by travelling the old road of observation, attention, perseverance, and industry-dd- Samuel Smiles . Wisdom is keeping a sense of fallibility of all our views and opinions-dd- Gerald Brenan . Much wisdom often goes with fewest words-dd- Sophocles . He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Stronger by weakness, wiser men become-dd- Edmund Waller . Be there a will, and wisdom finds a way-dd- George Crabbe . Reality – Dreams = Animal Being-dd- Reality + Dreams = A Heart-Ache (usually called Idealism)-dd- Reality + Humor = Realism (also called Conservatism)-dd- Dreams – Humor = Fanaticism-dd- Dreams + Humor = Fantasy-dd- Reality + Dreams + Humor = Wisdom-dd- Lin Yutang . Do now what your future you will thank you for-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Fast thinking looks cool but it’s deep thinking that makes all the difference-dd- And deep thinking is always slow thinking-dd- The Ancient Sage . Who then is free-qq- The wise man who can command himself-dd- Horace . He who would begun has half done-dd- Dare to be wise; begin-dd- Horace . Man is wise and constantly in quest of more wisdom; but the ultimate wisdom, which deals with beginnings, remains locked in a seed-dd- There it lies, the simplest fact of the universe and at the same time the one which calls forth faith rather than reason-dd- Hal Borland . Self-knowledge is the beginning of wisdom, which is the ending of fear-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Do what you will, withdraw to the mountains, sit in a forest, you cannot live in isolation-dd- You can live only in relationship, and as long as relationship is not understood, there can be no right action-dd- Right action comes in understanding relationship, which reveals the process of oneself-dd- Self-knowledge is the beginning of wisdom, it is a field of affection, warmth, and love, therefore a field rich with flowers-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . First of all, to understand truth you must stand alone, entirely and wholly alone-dd- No Master, no teacher, no guru, no system, no self-discipline will ever lift for you the veil which conceals wisdom-dd- Wisdom is the understanding of enduring values and the living of those values-dd- No one can lead you to wisdom-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Our concern in meditation is to know oneself, not only superficially, but the whole content of the inner, hidden consciousness-dd- Without knowing all that and being free of its conditioning, you cannot possibly go beyond the mind’s limits-dd- That is why the thought process must cease, and for this cessation there must be knowledge of oneself-dd- Therefore meditation is the beginning of wisdom, which is the understanding of one’s own mind and heart-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Men who know themselves are no longer fools-dd- They stand on the threshold of the door of wisdom-dd- Havelock Ellis . Wisdom consists not so much in knowing what to do in the ultimate as knowing what to do next-dd- Herbert Hoover . If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum-dd- Holly Near . The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good-dd- Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom-dd- James Allen . One part of wisdom is knowing what you don’t need anymore and letting it go-dd- Jane Fonda . Seek wisdom along with knowledge-dd- Knowledge is words-dd- Wisdom is silent-dd- Knowledge is understanding what is seen-dd- Wisdom is knowing what is not seen-dd- Without knowledge, one could not play the violin-dd- Without wisdom, one could not play the music-dd- Thibaut . We’re all going to change-dd- Otherwise, it’s boring-dd- Alicia Keys . Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The gateways to wisdom and learning are always open, and more and more I am choosing to walk through them-dd- Barriers, blocks, obstacles, and problems are personal teachers giving me the opportunity to move out of the past and into the Totality of Possibilities-dd- Louise L-dd- Hay . True wisdom is remembering that in the end, no matter what, everything will be fine-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Follow your instincts-dd- That’s where true wisdom manifests itself-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Turn your wounds into wisdom-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Every journey that is successful has culs-de-sac and speed bumps-dd- I carry a wisdom gene through my life through the good, the bad, and the ugly-dd- Peter Guber . Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech-dd- Plutarch . There is a universal, intelligent, life force that exists within everyone and everything-dd- It resides within each one of use as a deep wisdom, an inner knowing-dd- We can access this wonderful source of knowledge and wisdom through our intuition, an inner sense that tells us what feels right and true for us at any given moment-dd- Shakti Gawain . Seek your own reality, that is what a wise man should do-dd- Sri Sathya Sai Baba . If the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise-dd- William Blake . Knowledge shrinks as wisdom grows-dd- Alfred North Whitehead . Memory is the mother of all wisdom-dd- Aeschylus . Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers-dd- Alfred Lord Tennyson . One principle eliminates a thousand decisions-dd- Johnny Uzan . Don’t even try to become, just be-dd- (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Wisdom begins at the end-dd- Daniel Webster . Wise it is to comprehend the whole-dd- Edward Young . Wisdom comes by disillusionment-dd- George Santayana . Wisdom never lies-dd- Homer . Wisdom sails with wind and time-dd- John Florio . Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has-dd- Josh Billings . Never does nature say one thing and wisdom another-dd- Juvenal . The wisest of the wise may err-dd- Aeschylus . Knowledge is marvelous, but wisdom is even better-dd- Kay Redfield Jamison . Pain is the doorway to wisdom and to truth-dd- Keith Miller . No man was ever wise by chance-dd- Seneca . It is wiser to find out than to suppose-dd- Mark Twain . Wisdom is knowledge which has become a part of one’s being-dd- Orison Swett Marden . Kindness is wisdom-dd- Philip James Bailey . Cunning… is but the low mimic of wisdom-dd- Plato . Not by age but by capacity is wisdom acquired-dd- Plautus . Wisdom begins in wonder-dd- Socrates . The beginning of wisdom is to desire it-dd- Solomon Ibn Gabirol . Wisdom outweighs any wealth-dd- Sophocles . The wise are those who know the Self-dd- Sri Sathya Sai Baba . Caution is the eldest child of wisdom-dd- Victor Hugo . Great wisdom is generous; petty wisdom is contentious-dd- Zhuangzi . The sum of human wisdom is not contained in any one language, and no single language is capable of expressing all forms and degrees of human comprehension-dd- Ezra Pound . As one grows older, one becomes wiser and more foolish-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . More helpful than all wisdom is one draught of simple human pity that will not forsake us-dd- George Eliot . Wisdom is the oneness of mind that guides and permeated all things-dd- Heraclitus . Because in the school of the Spirit man learns wisdom through humility, knowledge by forgetting, how to speak by silence, how to live by dying-dd- Johannes Tauler . True wisdom listens more, talks less and can get along with all types of people-dd- Kiana Tom . Always keep your mind as bright and clear as the vast sky, the great ocean, and the highest peak, empty of all thoughts-dd- Always keep your body filled with light and heat-dd- Fill yourself with the power of wisdom and enlightenment-dd- Morihei Ueshiba . It is the province of knowledge to speak, and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom-dd- Robert Frost . It is a profitable thing, if one is wise, to seem foolish-dd- Aeschylus . The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself a fool-dd- Anatole France . Mixing one’s wines may be a mistake, but old and new wisdom mix admirably-dd- Bertolt Brecht . Back of every mistaken venture and defeat is the laughter of wisdom, if you listen-dd- Carl Sandburg . Silence is foolish if we are wise, but wise if we are foolish-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one-dd- Diogenes . Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you’d have preferred to talk-dd- Doug Larson . It is human nature to think wisely and act foolishly-dd- Anatole France . If a million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing-dd- Anatole France . The ‘wisdom of the crowds’ is the most ridiculous statement I’ve heard in my life-dd- Crowds are dumb-dd- Drew Curtis . Kisses are a better fate than wisdom-dd- E-dd- E-dd- Cummings . Who in their infinite wisdom decreed that Little League uniforms be white-qq- Certainly not a mother-dd- Erma Bombeck . I am thinking of taking a fifth wife-dd- Why not-qq- Solomon had a thousand wives and he is a synonym for wisdom-dd- John Barrymore . In seeking wisdom thou art wise; in imagining that thou hast attained it – thou art a fool-dd- Lord Chesterfield . It is not white hair that engenders wisdom-dd- Menander . He was a wise man who invented beer-dd- Plato . I tweet, therefore my entire life has shrunk to 140 character chunks of instant event and predigested gnomic wisdom-dd- And swearing-dd- Neil Gaiman (On Twitter) . Gray hairs are signs of wisdom if you hold your tongue, speak and they are but hairs, as in the young-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . To keep your secret is wisdom; but to expect others to keep it is folly-dd- Samuel Johnson . If suffering brings wisdom, I would wish to be less wise-dd- William Butler Yeats . Look wise, say nothing, and grunt-dd- Speech was given to conceal thought-dd- William Osler . I prefer the folly of enthusiasm to the indifference of wisdom-dd- Anatole France . The most important lesson of New Labour is this: Every time we made progress we did it by challenging the conventional wisdom-dd- Ed Miliband . Sometimes one likes foolish people for their folly, better than wise people for their wisdom-dd- Elizabeth Gaskell . All human wisdom works and has worries and grief as reward-dd- Johann Georg Hamann . Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy-dd- Ludwig van Beethoven . Learning and wisdom are superfluities, the surface glitter merely, but it is the heart that is the seat of all power-dd- Swami Sivananda . I would rather be a man of paradoxes than a man of prejudices-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . To be sane in a world of madman is in itself madness-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Wisdom comes from experience-dd- Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom-dd- Terry Pratchett . The wise man belongs to all countries, for the home of a great soul is the whole world-dd- Democritus . If you succeed in judging yourself rightly, then you are indeed a man of true wisdom-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupéry . Cleverness is like a lens with a very sharp focus-dd- Wisdom is more like a wide-angle lens-dd- Edward de Bono . For everything you have missed, you have gained something else, and for everything you gain, you lose something else-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Before you react, think-dd- Before you spend, earn-dd- Before you criticize, wait-dd- Before you quit, try-dd- Ernest Hemingway . The animal acts and does not reflect-dd- The indecisive man reflects and does not act-dd- The average man reflects after he acts-dd- The wise man reflects before he acts-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Just as a fire is covered by smoke and a mirror is obscured by dust, just as the embryo rests deep within the womb, wisdom is hidden by selfish desire-dd- Bhagavad Gita . Out of compassion I destroy the darkness of their ignorance-dd- From within them I light the lamp of wisdom and dispel all darkness from their lives-dd- Bhagavad Gita . It is unwise to be too sure of one’s own wisdom-dd- It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The clouds may drop down titles and estates, and wealth may seek us, but wisdom must be sought-dd- Edward Young . The first point of wisdom is to discern that which is false; the second, to know that which is true-dd- Lactantius . We will be known forever by the tracks we leave-dd- Dakota (Native American saying) . Has fortune dealt you some bad cards-dd- Then let wisdom make you a good gamester-dd- Francis Quarles . We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost; the old that is strong does not wither, deep roots are not reached by the frost-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . Genius unrefined resembles a flash of lightning, but wisdom is like the sun-dd- Franz Grillparzer . Talent is like the marksman who hits a target which others cannot reach; genius is like the marksman who hits a target… which others cannot even see-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Contemplation and wisdom are highest achievements and man is not totally at home with them-dd- Gabriel Marcel . Real wisdom is not the knowledge of everything, but the knowledge of which things in life are necessary, which are less necessary, and which are completely unnecessary to know-dd- Leo Tolstoy . What we call wisdom is the result of all the wisdom of past ages-dd- Our best institutions are like young trees growing upon the roots of the old trunks that have crumbled away-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . It’s wisdom to recognize necessity, when all other courses have been weighed, though as folly it may appear to those who cling to false hope-dd- J-dd- R-dd- R-dd- Tolkien . We can be knowledgeable with other men’s knowledge but we cannot be wise with other men’s wisdom-dd- Michel de Montaigne . The small wisdom is like water in a glass: clear, transparent, pure-dd- The great wisdom is like the water in the sea: dark, mysterious, impenetrable-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . We can’t really digest food unless there’s hunger-dd- So we can’t really assimilate spiritual wisdom unless we feel the need for it-dd- Radhanath Swami . Innocence dwells with wisdom, but never with ignorance-dd- William Blake . If you have the insight of non-self, if you have the insight of impermanence, you should make that insight into a concentration that you keep alive throughout the day-dd- Then what you say, what you think, and what you do will then be in the light of that wisdom and you will avoid making mistakes and creating suffering-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Counsel woven into the fabric of real life is wisdom-dd- Walter Benjamin . It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf-dd- Walter Lippmann . Wisdom is the knowledge of good and evil, not the strength to choose between the two-dd- John Cheever . The end of wisdom is to dream high enough to lose the dream in the seeking of it-dd- William Faulkner . In the vain laughter of folly wisdom hears half its applause-dd- George Eliot . Who is wise in love, love most, say least-dd- Alfred Lord Tennyson . Life is about execution rather than purpose-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . There’s a beauty to wisdom and experience that cannot be faked-dd- It’s impossible to be mature without having lived-dd- Amy Grant . In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration-dd- Ansel Adams . Wise people, even though all laws were abolished, would still lead the same life-dd- Aristophanes . A loving heart is the truest wisdom-dd- Charles Dickens . Putting is like wisdom – partly a natural gift and partly the accumulation of experience-dd- Arnold Palmer . You can’t be wise and in love at the same time-dd- Bob Dylan . Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance-dd- Francis of Assisi . There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart-dd- Charles Dickens . If we have built on the fragile cornerstones of human wisdom, pride, and conditional love, things may look good for a while, but a weak foundation causes collapse when storms hit-dd- Charles Stanley . Wisdom acquisition is a moral duty-dd- It’s not something you do just to advance in life-dd- Wisdom acquisition is a moral duty-dd- As a corollary to that proposition which is very important, it means that you are hooked for lifetime learning-dd- And without lifetime learning, you people are not going to do very well-dd- You are not going to get very far in life based on what you already know-dd- You’re going to advance in life by what you learn after you leave here-dd- Charlie Munger . The good and the wise lead quiet lives-dd- Euripides . It is necessary to take what is common as our guide; however, though this logic is universal, the many live as if each individual has his own private wisdom-dd- Heraclitus . Though wisdom is common, yet the many live as if they had a wisdom of their own-dd- Heraclitus . Without wisdom, the future has no meaning, no valuable purpose-dd- Herbie Hancock . Wisdom is that apprehension of heavenly things to which the spirit rises through love-dd- Honore De Balzac . The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom-dd- Isaac Asimov . Learning sleeps and snores in libraries, but wisdom is everywhere, wide awake, on tiptoe-dd- Josh Billings . Wisdom stands at the turn in the road and calls upon us publicly, but we consider it false and despise its adherents-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Wisdom does not show itself so much in precept as in life – in a firmness of mind and mastery of appetite-dd- It teaches us to do as well as talk; and to make our actions and words all of a color-dd- Seneca . The sublimity of wisdom is to do those things living, which are to be desired when dying-dd- Norman Douglas . Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise-dd- Samuel Johnson . Practical wisdom is only to be learned in the school of experience-dd- Precepts and instruction are useful so far as they go, but, without the discipline of real life, they remain of the nature of theory only-dd- Samuel Smiles . The experience gathered from books, though often valuable, is but the nature of learning; whereas the experience gained from actual life is one of the nature of wisdom-dd- Samuel Smiles . The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind-dd- Ella Wheeler Wilcox . It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them-dd- Epictetus . There is this difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man, really is so; but he that thinks himself the wisest, is generally the greatest fool-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . The weak have remedies, the wise have joys; superior wisdom is superior bliss-dd- Edward Young . No matter how thin you slice it, there will always be two sides-dd- Baruch Spinoza . He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has-dd- Epictetus . It is impossible to live a pleasant life without living wisely and well and justly-dd- And it is impossible to live wisely and well and justly without living a pleasant life-dd- Epicurus . The final wisdom of life requires not the annulment of incongruity but the achievement of serenity within and above it-dd- Reinhold Niebuhr . Be happy-dd- It’s one way of being wise-dd- Sidonie Gabrielle Colette . There is no happiness where there is no wisdom-dd- Sophocles . The wise are cheerful and content with their lot in life-dd- Sri Sathya Sai Baba . We humans have lost the wisdom of genuinely resting and relaxing-dd- We worry too much-dd- We don’t allow our bodies to heal, and we don’t allow our minds and hearts to heal-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . I’m not wise, but the beginning of wisdom is there; it’s like relaxing into – and an acceptance of – things-dd- Tina Turner . Let us be silent, content in our little corner, meek and gentle like them-dd- That is the wisdom of life-dd- W-dd- Somerset Maugham . Nothing is more simple than greatness; indeed, to be simple is to be great-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Complexity is enemy of execution-dd- Tony Robbins . People don’t need more stuff, they need more wisdom-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The most complicated skill is to be simple-dd- Dejan Stojanovic . The superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions-dd- Confucius . Simplicity will stand out, while complexity will get lost in the crowd-dd- Kevin Barnett . Fools ignore complexity-dd- Geniuses remove it-dd- Alan Perlis . Possessions, outward success, publicity, luxury – to me these have always been contemptible-dd- I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best for both the body and the mind-dd- Albert Einstein . Nature is pleased with simplicity-dd- And nature is no dummy-dd- Isaac Newton . It is always the simple that produces the marvelous-dd- Amelia Barr . Simplicity is ultimately a matter of focus-dd- Ann Voskamp . To be satisfied with a little, is the greatest wisdom; and he that increaseth his riches, increaseth his cares; but a contented mind is a hidden treasure, and trouble findeth it not-dd- Akhenaton . Truth is ever to be found in the simplicity, and not in the multiplicity and confusion of things-dd- Isaac Newton . I do believe in simplicity-dd- It is astonishing as well as sad, how many trivial affairs even the wisest thinks he must attend to in a day; how singular an affair he thinks he must omit-dd- When the mathematician would solve a difficult problem, he first frees the equation of all incumbrances, and reduces it to its simplest terms-dd- So simplify the problem of life, distinguish the necessary and the real-dd- Probe the earth to see where your main roots run-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Every morning was a cheerful invitation to make my life of equal simplicity, and I may say innocence, with Nature herself-dd- Henry David Thoreau . As you simplify your life, the laws of the Universe will be simpler; solitude will not be solitude, poverty will not be poverty, nor weakness weakness-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone-dd- The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of non-essentials-dd- Lin Yutang . In character, in manner, in style, in all things, the supreme excellence is simplicity-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . Or, rather, let us be more simple and less vain-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . The greatest ideas are the simplest-dd- William Golding . To light one candle to God and another to the Devil is the principle of wisdom-dd- Jose Bergamin . Earthly wisdom is doing what comes naturally-dd- Godly wisdom is doing what the Holy Spirit compels us to do-dd- Charles Stanley . Science investigates religion interprets-dd- Science gives man knowledge which is power religion gives man wisdom which is control-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If we believe in a God at all, we must surely ascribe to him perfection of wisdom and perfection of goodness; we are then forced to conceive of Him – however strange it may sound to those who believe, not only without seeing but also without thinking – as without will, because He must always necessarily pursue the course which is wisest and best-dd- Annie Besant . The Divine wisdom has given us prayer, not as a means whereby to obtain the good things of earth, but as a means whereby we learn to do without them; not as a means whereby we escape evil, but as a means whereby we become strong to meet it-dd- Frederick William Robertson . God the Father, the supreme Architect, had already built this cosmic home we behold, the most sacred temple of His godhead, by the laws of His mysterious wisdom-dd- Giovanni Pico della Mirandola . The marvel of the Bhagavad-Gita is its truly beautiful revelation of life’s wisdom which enables philosophy to blossom into religion-dd- Hermann Hesse . There is no such thing as human wisdom; all is the providence of God-dd- John Adams . This fear of the Lord is indeed the beginning of wisdom-dd- This consciousness of sin is the straight pathway to heaven-dd- Joseph Barber Lightfoot . As you walk in God’s divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life-dd- Joseph Prince . The best way to obtain truth and wisdom is not to ask from books, but to go to God in prayer, and obtain divine teaching-dd- Joseph Smith Jr . The just man loves God for nothing, neither for this nor for that, and if God gave him wisdom or anything else he had to give, except himself, the just man would not look at it, nor would it be to his taste; for he wants nothing, seeks nothing, and has no reason for doing anything-dd- Meister Eckhart . God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference-dd- Reinhold Niebuhr . Your task is to build a better world, God said-dd- I answered, How-qq- This world is such a large, vast place, and there’s nothing I can do that seems to matter-dd- But God in all His wisdom said, just build a better you-dd- . The harder you ask for something, and work for it, the better your chances of getting it-dd- The question is, are you working hard and asking for it-qq- Maxime Lagacé . A man may learn wisdom even from a foe-dd- Aristophanes . The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated by quotations-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . The doors of wisdom are never shut-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Uncertainty is the root of all progress and all growth-dd- We cannot learn anything without first not knowing something-dd- Mark Manson . The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing-dd- John Powell . The young man knows the rules but the old man knows the exceptions-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr . The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how to do it, and virtue is doing it-dd- David Starr Jordan . Passive acceptance of the teacher’s wisdom is easy to most boys and girls-dd- It involves no effort of independent thought, and seems rational because the teacher knows more than his pupils; it is moreover the way to win the favour of the teacher unless he is a very exceptional man-dd- Yet the habit of passive acceptance is a disastrous one in later life-dd- It causes man to seek and to accept a leader, and to accept as a leader whoever is established in that position-dd- Bertrand Russell . Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom-dd- Bodhidharma . Wisdom is not words written in some book-dd- Wisdom is a costly acquisition-dd- It comes from personally paying the price for one’s actions-dd- It is iterated learning from years of experience-dd- The Ancient Sage . Wisdom is achieved by keeping an open mind and a closed mouth-dd- Ignorance is exposed by having an open mouth and a closed mind-dd- Jim Stovall . The stupidity of people comes from having an answer for everything-dd- The wisdom of the novel comes from having a question for everything-dd- Milan Kundera . There is no knowledge, no light, no wisdom that you are in possession of, but what you have received it from some source-dd- Brigham Young . Much of the wisdom of one age, is the folly of the next-dd- Charles Simmons . Wisdom is the right use of knowledge-dd- To know is not to be wise-dd- Many men know a great deal, and are all the greater fools for it-dd- There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool-dd- But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom-dd- Charles Spurgeon . There is as much wisdom in listening as there is in speaking – and that goes for all relationships, not just romantic ones-dd- Daniel Dae Kim . No one ever found wisdom without also being a fool-dd- Erica Jong . A prudent question is one-half of wisdom-dd- Francis Bacon . The hunger for facile wisdom is the root of all false philosophy-dd- George Santayana . Books are the ever burning lamps of accumulated wisdom-dd- George William Curtis . The art of knowing is knowing what to ignore-dd- James Altucher . Abundance of knowledge does not teach men to be wise-dd- Heraclitus . You can practice to attain knowledge, but you can’t practice to attain wisdom-dd- Herbie Hancock . Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom-dd- One can find it, live it, be fortified by it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it-dd- Hermann Hesse . Wisdom is not wisdom when it is derived from books alone-dd- Horace . When you’re used to being prepared to reject conventional wisdom, it leaves you open to learn more-dd- Mayim Bialik . An educator is not merely a giver of information; he is one who points the way to wisdom, to truth-dd- Truth is far more important than the teacher-dd- The search for truth is religion, and truth is of no country, of no creed, it is not to be found in any temple, church or mosque-dd- Without the search for truth, society soon decays-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Sciences may be learned by rote, but wisdom not-dd- Laurence Sterne . If I don’t have wisdom, I can teach you only ignorance-dd- Leo Buscaglia . There are many things of which a wise man might wish to be ignorant-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . If you don’t understand yourself you don’t understand anybody else-dd- Nikki Giovanni . The virtue of justice consists in moderation, as regulated by wisdom-dd- Aristotle . A monarchy conducted with infinite wisdom and infinite benevolence is the most perfect of all possible governments-dd- Ezra Stiles . Democracy is a pathetic belief in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . I learned some valuable lessons about the legislative process, the importance of bipartisan cooperation and the wisdom of taking small steps to get a big job done-dd- Hillary Clinton . Government is a contrivance of human wisdom to provide for human wants-dd- People have the right to expect that these wants will be provided for by this wisdom-dd- Jimmy Carter . History is filled with tragic examples of wars that result from diplomatic impasse-dd- Whether in our local communities or in international relations, the skillful use of our communicative capacities to negotiate and resolve differences is the first evidence of human wisdom-dd- Daisaku Ikeda . The wisdom and experience of older people is a resource of inestimable worth-dd- Recognizing and treasuring the contributions of older people is essential to the long-term flourishing of any society-dd- Daisaku Ikeda . What if, for starters, instead of constantly trying to prove how much smarter we are than others, we look for the intelligence in what others do-dd- Neil Strauss . We learned in World War II that no single nation holds a monopoly on wisdom, morality or right to power, but that we must fight for the weak and promote democracy-dd- Joe Baca . I look forward to a great future for America – a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . In the frank expression of conflicting opinions lies the greatest promise of wisdom in governmental action-dd- Louis D-dd- Brandeis . I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be-dd- Thomas Jefferson . All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope-dd- Alexandre Dumas . To wisdom belongs the intellectual apprehension of things eternal; to knowledge, the rational apprehension of things temporal-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Both in thought and in feeling, even though time be real, to realise the unimportance of time is the gate of wisdom-dd- Bertrand Russell . Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit-dd- Elbert Hubbard . The wisdom acquired with the passage of time is a useless gift unless you share it-dd- Esther Williams . Patience is the companion of wisdom-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Wisdom too often never comes, and so one ought not to reject it merely because it comes late-dd- Felix Frankfurter . Wisdom not only gets, but once got, retains-dd- Francis Quarles . Morality comes with the sad wisdom of age, when the sense of curiosity has withered-dd- Graham Greene . The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . A man begins cutting his wisdom teeth the first time he bites off more than he can chew-dd- Herb Caen . To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom, and one of the most difficult chapters in the great art of living-dd- Herman Melville . No wise man ever wished to be younger-dd- Jonathan Swift . Time is a companion that goes with us on a journey-dd- It reminds us to cherish each moment, because it will never come again-dd- What we leave behind is not as important as how we have lived-dd- Captain Jean-Luc Picard (Star Trek) . At sixty, I know little more about wisdom than I did at thirty, but I know a great deal more about folly-dd- Mason Cooley . The wisdom of age: don’t stop walking-dd- Mason Cooley . Time ripens all things; no man is born wise-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure-dd- William Blake . The wise man does not grow old, but ripens-dd- Victor Hugo . Action should culminate in wisdom-dd- Bhagavad Gita . Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own-dd- Aesop . Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Wisdom comes only through suffering-dd- Aeschylus . He who learns must suffer, and, even in our sleep, pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God-dd- Aeschylus . When you have success, be extra wary-dd- When you are angry, take no action-dd- When you are fearful, know you are going to exaggerate the dangers you face-dd- Robert Greene . Advice for nearly everything: start slowly and maintain traction-dd- Michael . The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it-dd- Criss Jami . If you want to change the fruits, you will first have to change the roots-dd- If you want to change the visible, you must first change the invisible-dd- T-dd- Harv Ecker . True wisdom is less presuming than folly-dd- The wise man doubteth often, and changeth his mind; the fool is obstinate, and doubteth not; he knoweth all things but his own ignorance-dd- Akhenaton . Experience is the only prophecy of wise men-dd- Alphonse de Lamartine . Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit-dd- Baltasar Gracian . Only in recent history has “working hard” signaled pride rather than shame for lack of talent, finesse and, mostly, sprezzatura-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Give me a lever long enough, and a place to stand, and I will move the earth-dd- Archimedes . Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty-dd- To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom-dd- Bertrand Russell . Strength and wisdom are not opposing values-dd- Bill Clinton . Even when you have doubts, take that step-dd- Take chances-dd- Mistakes are never a failure – they can be turned into wisdom-dd- Cat Cora . Doubt is the vestibule through which all must pass before they can enter into the temple of wisdom-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . I don’t think you can come into your wisdom until you have made mistakes on your own skin and felt them in reality of your own life-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . If I am fool, it is, at least, a doubting one; and I envy no one the certainty of his self-approved wisdom-dd- George Byron . How prone to doubt, how cautious are the wise-dd- Homer . Death never takes the wise man by surprise, he is always ready to go-dd- Jean de La Fontaine . He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom-dd- J-dd- R-dd- R-dd- Tolkien . Experience comprises illusions lost, rather than wisdom gained-dd- Joseph Roux . Where fear is present, wisdom cannot be-dd- Lactantius . The most important aspect of my personality as far as determining my success goes; has been my questioning conventional wisdom, doubting experts and questioning authority-dd- While that can be painful in your relationships with your parents and teachers, it’s enormously useful in life-dd- Larry Ellison . In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by-dd- Lucille Ball . We become wiser by adversity; prosperity destroys our appreciation of the right-dd- Seneca . To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future-dd- Plutarch . Wisdom thoroughly learned, will never be forgotten-dd- Pythagoras . A little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men-dd- Roald Dahl . It is costly wisdom that is bought by experience-dd- Roger Ascham . All men make mistakes, but only wise men learn from their mistakes-dd- Winston Churchill . Truth builds trust-dd- Marilyn Suttle . A wise person decides slowly but abides by these decisions-dd- Arthur Ashe . Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . Wisdom comes from experience, experience can be accelerated through short iterations-dd- Naval Ravikant . If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary-dd- Jim Rohn . If you don’t stand for something, you’ll fall for anything-dd- Malcolm X . If there is no struggle, there is no progress-dd- Frederick Douglass . It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation-dd- Herman Melville . If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time-dd- Steve Jobs . You have to be burning with an idea, or a problem, or a wrong that you want to right-dd- If you’re not passionate enough from the start, you’ll never stick it out-dd- Steve Jobs . In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity-dd- Sun Tzu . Done is better than perfect-dd- Sheryl Sandberg (Facebook) . Persistence-dd- Perfection-dd- Patience-dd- Power-dd- Prioritize your passion-dd- It keeps you sane-dd- Criss Jami . To build a great company, which is a CEO’s job, sometimes you have to stand up against conventional wisdom-dd- Carly Fiorina . Ignore the conventional wisdom-dd- If everybody else is doing it one way, there’s a good chance you can find your niche by going in exactly the opposite direction-dd- Sam Walton (Wal-Mart) . The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first-dd- A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . We are drowning in information, while starving for wisdom-dd- The world henceforth will be run by synthesizers, people able to put together the right information at the right time, think critically about it, and make important choices wisely-dd- E-dd- O-dd- Wilson . The wisest men follow their own direction-dd- Euripides . Few people have the wisdom to prefer the criticism that would do them good, to the praise that deceives them-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . We have been doing things that are contrary; the things that people tell us won’t work from the beginning-dd- In fact, the only way to get ahead is to find errors in conventional wisdom-dd- Larry Ellison (Oracle) . Thinking well to be wise: planning well, wiser: doing well wisest and best of all-dd- Malcolm Forbes . The wise man is he who knows the relative value of things-dd- Dean Inge . If you command wisely, you’ll be obeyed cheerfully-dd- Thomas Fuller . Not he who has much is rich, but he who gives much-dd- Erich Fromm . That man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune-dd- Jim Rohn . Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . He who loses money, loses much; He who loses a friend, loses much more; He who loses faith, loses all-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Wealth is the ability to fully experience life-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The wisdom of man never yet contrived a system of taxation that would operate with perfect equality-dd- Andrew Jackson . Frugality includes all the other virtues-dd- Cicero . Don’t gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold-dd- Bob Marley . Don’t tell me what you value, show me your budget, and I’ll tell you what you value-dd- Joe Biden . Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants-dd- Epictetus . Unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth-dd- Albert Einstein . If you can’t explain it to a six year old, you don’t understand it yourself-dd- Albert Einstein . A clever person solves a problem-dd- A wise person avoids it-dd- Albert Einstein . Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all-dd- Aristotle . The whole is more than the sum of its parts-dd- Aristotle . We are what we repeatedly do-dd- Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit-dd- Aristotle . The wise man does not expose himself needlessly to danger, since there are few things for which he cares sufficiently; but he is willing, in great crises, to give even his life – knowing that under certain conditions it is not worthwhile to live-dd- Aristotle . The aim of the wise is not to secure pleasure, but to avoid pain-dd- Aristotle . To the wise, life is a problem; to the fool, a solution-dd- Marcus Aurelius . You have power over your mind – not outside events-dd- Realize this, and you will find strength-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Death smiles at us all, but all a man can do is smile back-dd- Marcus Aurelius . A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer-dd- Bruce Lee . In order to control myself I must first accept myself by going with and not against my nature-dd- Bruce Lee . I cannot teach you, only help you to explore yourself, nothing more-dd- Bruce Lee . Peace comes from within-dd- Do not seek it without-dd- Buddha . The mind is everything-dd- What you think you become-dd- Buddha . Meditation brings wisdom; lack of mediation leaves ignorance-dd- Know well what leads you forward and what hold you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom-dd- Buddha . They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom-dd- Confucius . By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest-dd- Confucius . Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men-dd- Confucius . By desiring little, a poor man makes himself rich-dd- Democritus . Everything existing in the universe is the fruit of chance and necessity-dd- Democritus . Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul-dd- Democritus . Men find happiness neither by means of the body nor through possessions, but through uprightness and wisdom-dd- Democritus . Believe not everything, but only what is proven: the former is foolish, the latter the act of a sensible man-dd- Fools are shaped by the gifts of chance, but those who understand these things, by the gifts of wisdom-dd- Democritus . Medicine heals diseases of the body, wisdom frees the soul from passions-dd- Democritus . The summit of happiness is reached when a person is ready to be what he is-dd- Desiderius Erasmus . The most disadvantageous peace is better than the most just war-dd- Desiderius Erasmus . Prevention is better than cure-dd- Desiderius Erasmus . He who overreaches will, in his overreaching, lose what he possesses, betray what he has now-dd- Euripides . Cleverness is not wisdom-dd- Euripides . Experience, travel-dd- These are an education in themselves-dd- Euripides . Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom-dd- Euripides . Knowledge is not wisdom: cleverness is not, not without awareness of our death, not without recalling just how brief our flare is-dd- Euripides . Some wisdom you must learn from one who’s wise-dd- Euripides . To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . That which does not kill us makes us stronger-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . You cannot teach a man anything; you can only help him find it within himself-dd- Galileo Galilei . Mathematics is the language with which God has written the universe-dd- Galileo Galilei . All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them-dd- Galileo Galilei . Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves-dd- Henry David Thoreau . It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Cultivate the habit of early rising-dd- It is unwise to keep the head long on a level with the feet-dd- Henry David Thoreau . As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Wisdom is found only in truth-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . This is the highest wisdom that I own; freedom and life are earned by those alone who conquer them each day anew-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . As iron sharpens iron, so a friend sharpens a friend-dd- King Solomon . A fool is wise in his eyes-dd- King Solomon . Who is the wise man-qq- He who sees what’s going to be born-dd- King Solomon . Start with God – the first step in learning is bowing down to God; only fools thumb their noses at such wisdom and learning-dd- King Solomon . Mastering others is strength-dd- Mastering yourself is true power-dd- Lao Tzu . Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished-dd- Lao Tzu . He who knows, does not speak-dd- He who speaks, does not know-dd- Lao Tzu . As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death-dd- Leonardo Da Vinci . Art is never finished, only abandoned-dd- Leonardo Da Vinci . Learning acquired in youth arrests the evil of old age; and if you understand that old age has wisdom for its food, you will so conduct yourself in youth that your old age will not lack for nourishment-dd- Leonardo Da Vinci . Supreme happiness will be the greatest cause of misery, and the perfection of wisdom the occasion of folly-dd- Leonardo Da Vinci . Genius is eternal patience-dd- Michelangelo . Beauty is the purgation of superfluities-dd- Michelangelo . If people knew how hard I had to work to gain my mastery, it would not seem so wonderful at all-dd- Michelangelo . Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something-dd- Plato . There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain-dd- Plato . Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom-dd- Plato . Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the Gods-dd- Plato . The wisest have the most authority-dd- Plato . Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Before we acquire great power we must acquire wisdom to use it well-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power-dd- Rene Descartes . I think; therefore I am-dd- Rene Descartes . Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it-dd- Rene Descartes . Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel-dd- Socrates . True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us-dd- Socrates . I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing, and that is that I know nothing-dd- Socrates . He who is not just is severe, he who is not wise is sad-dd- Voltaire . Superstition is to religion what astrology is to astronomy: the mad daughter of a wise mother-dd- Voltaire . Is there anyone so wise as to learn by the experience of others-qq- Voltaire . Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none-dd- William Shakespeare . A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool-dd- William Shakespeare . Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, for wise men say it is the wisest course-dd- William Shakespeare . It is a wise father that knows his own child-dd- William Shakespeare . There is not one wise man in twenty that will praise himself-dd- William Shakespeare . Modest doubt is called the beacon of the wise-dd- William Shakespeare . Before you speak, listen-dd- Before you write, think-dd- Before you spend, earn-dd- Before you invest, investigate-dd- Before you criticize, wait-dd- Before you pray, forgive-dd- Before you quit, try-dd- Before you retire, save-dd- Before you die, give-dd- William A-dd- Ward . 