Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future-dd- Oscar Wilde . Never to suffer would never to have been blessed-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit-dd- Kahlil Gibran . I rebel; therefore I exist-dd- Albert Camus . If I love myself I love you-dd- If I love you I love myself-dd- Rumi . The adventure of life is to learn-dd- The purpose of life is to grow-dd- The nature of life is to change-dd- The challenge of life is to overcome-dd- The essence of life is to care-dd- The opportunity of like is to serve-dd- The secret of life is to dare-dd- The spice of life is to befriend-dd- The beauty of life is to give-dd- William Arthur Ward . Be yourself; everyone else is already taken-dd- Oscar Wilde . To pay attention, this is our endless and proper work-dd- Mary Oliver . Don’t handicap your children by making their lives easy-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so-dd- Bertrand Russell . He who is untrue to his own cause cannot command the respect of others-dd- Albert Einstein . Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Time is a created thing-dd- To say “I don’t have time”, is like saying, “I don’t want to”-dd- Lao Tzu . It is not I who am strong, it is reason, it is truth-dd- Émile Zola . If you’ve never eaten while crying you don’t know what life tastes like-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong-dd- Oscar Wilde . Never make fun of someone who mispronounces a word-dd- It means they learned it by reading-dd- Unknown . Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree-dd- Martin Luther . As long as I am breathing, in my eyes, I am just beginning-dd- Criss Jami . What matters isn’t what a person has or doesn’t have; it is what he or she is afraid of losing-dd- Nicholas Nassim Taleb . Sometimes you have to shut your eyes, so you can see the real beauty-dd- Kilian Jornet . To be truly positive in the eyes of some, you have to risk appearing negative in the eyes of others-dd- Criss Jami . God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh-dd- Voltaire . Take time like the river that never grows stale-dd- Keep going and steady-dd- No hurry, no rush-dd- Rumi . Maybe you are searching among the branches, for what only appears in the roots-dd- Rumi . Do not be lured by the need to be liked: better to be respected, even feared-dd- Robert Greene . There’s always some truth behind “just kidding”, knowledge behind every “I don’t know”, emotions behind “I don’t care” and pain behind “it’s okay”-dd- Unknown . We can see through others only when we can see through ourselves-dd- Bruce Lee . I don’t care that they stole my idea-dd- I care that they don’t have any of their own-dd- Nikola Tesla . You who suffer because you love, love still more-dd- To die of love, is to live by it-dd- Victor Hugo . The wind howls, but the mountain remains still-dd- Japanese proverb . What makes night within us may leave stars-dd- Victor Hugo . Nothing is forever-dd- Everything goes to 0 eventually-dd- Naval Ravikant . A man with outward courage dares to die; a man with inner courage dares to live-dd- Lao Tzu . To dare is to lose one’s footing momentarily-dd- Not to dare is to lose oneself-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Stupidity lies in wanting to draw conclusions-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Dreams have only one owner at a time-dd- That’s why dreamers are lonely-dd- William Faulkner . Genius is the recovery of childhood at will-dd- Arthur Rimbaud . Men must live and create-dd- Live to the point of tears-dd- Albert Camus . A clear conscience is the sure sign of a bad memory-dd- Mark Twain . Doubt is an uncomfortable condition, but certainty is a ridiculous one-dd- Voltaire (This is one of my favorite deep quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters-dd- Victor Hugo . Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers-dd- Voltaire . The quieter you become, the more you are able to hear-dd- Rumi . Let the beauty of what you love be what you do-dd- Rumi . Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . Do or do not, there is no try-dd- Yoda . Cleverness is not wisdom-dd- Euripides . Life is the flower for which love is the honey-dd- Victor Hugo . All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope-dd- Alexandre Dumas . All generalizations are dangerous, even this one-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Anything becomes interesting if you look at it long enough-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees-dd- Euripides . The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn-dd- Bertrand Russell . The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones-dd- William Faulkner . Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much-dd- Oscar Wilde . I can resist anything except temptation-dd- Oscar Wilde . Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself-dd- Leo Tolstoy . A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast-dd- William Shakespeare . The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why-dd- Mark Twain . I have never let my schooling interfere with my education-dd- Mark Twain . Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect)-dd- Mark Twain . He who knows, does not speak-dd- He who speaks, does not know-dd- Lao Tzu . When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be-dd- Lao Tzu . We suffer more often in imagination than in reality-dd- Seneca . Don’t settle, and don’t struggle-dd- Naval Ravikant . To thine own self be true-dd- William Shakespeare . Conscience doth make cowards of us all-dd- William Shakespeare . People do not lack strength; they lack will-dd- Victor Hugo . What labels me, negates me-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Rest in reason; move in passion-dd- Kahlil Gibran . You are what you do, not what you say you’ll do-dd- Carl Jung . To do two things at once is to do neither-dd- Publilius Syrus . Hurt me with the truth-dd- But never comfort me with a lie-dd- Unknown . The prettiest eyes have cried the most-dd- Unknown . The kindest hearts have felt the most pains-dd- Unknown . Success is an iceberg-dd- Unknown . Just do your best and to hell the rest-dd- Unknown . Love is the foolishness of men, and the wisdom of God-dd- Victor Hugo . Curiosity is gluttony-dd- To see is to devour-dd- Victor Hugo . The merit of all things lies in their difficulty-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Passion is born deaf and dumb-dd- Honoré de Balzac . “I” is another-dd- Arthur Rimbaud . The deeper thought is, the taller it becomes-dd- Dejan Stojanovic . Close both eyes to see with the other eye-dd- Rumi . Of all lies, art is the least untrue-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Leave no stone unturned-dd- Euripides . Remember your humanity, and forget the rest-dd- Bertrand Russell . Life is a constant process of dying-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . The darker the night, the brighter the stars-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Beauty will save the world-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Nothing has more strength than dire necessity-dd- Euripides . Sin is geographical-dd- Bertrand Russell . What worries you, masters you-dd- John Locke . The past is never dead-dd- It’s not even past-dd- William Faulkner . Don’t be ‘a writer’-dd- Be writing-dd- William Faulkner . The truth is rarely pure and never simple-dd- Oscar Wilde . To define is to limit-dd- Oscar Wilde . The best fighter is never angry-dd- Lao Tzu . Be – don’t try to become-dd- Osho . Life begins where fear ends-dd- Osho . Whatever you feel, you become-dd- It is your responsibility-dd- Osho . Are you afraid of the good you might do-qq- Victor Hugo . The present is theirs; the future, for which I really worked, is mine-dd- Nikola Tesla . Full well do I know that in order to attain any definite goal, it is imperative that one person should do the thinking and commanding-dd- Albert Einstein . Learn to judge your moves by their long-term effects on people-dd- Robert Greene . Look for the thing you notice but no one else notices-dd- Rick Rubin . I’m just trying to think about the future and not be sad-dd- Elon Musk . The fears we don’t face become our limits-dd- Jim Kwik . What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out, which is the exact opposite-dd- Bertrand Russell . You can tell a pioneer by the arrows in his back-dd- Beverly Rubik . First, see clearly-dd- Next, act correctly-dd- Finally, endure and accept the world as it is-dd- Ryan Holiday . A poet should be so crafty with words that he is envied even for his pains-dd- Criss Jami . The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal-dd- Criss Jami . You are judges in this world by how well you bring things to an end-dd- A messy or incomplete conclusion can reverberate for years to come-dd- Robert Greene . Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent-dd- Victor Hugo . It was scary at first, but every great thing starts out a little scary, doesn’t it-qq-” Unknown . A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed-dd- Henrik Ibsen . Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . The spread of civilisation may be likened to a fire; first, a feeble spark, next a flickering flame, then a mighty blaze, ever increasing in speed and power-dd- Nikola Tesla . Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts-dd- Charles Dickens . Nothing in this world is harder than speaking the truth, nothing easier than flattery-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Arm yourself, my heart: the thing that you must do is fearful, yet inevitable-dd- Euripides . An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all-dd- Oscar Wilde . If anyone on the verge of action should judge himself according to the outcome, he would never begin-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . He who despairs is wrong-dd- Victor Hugo . The best thing a human being can do is to help another human being know more-dd- Charlie Munger . Don’t bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors-dd- Try to be better than yourself-dd- William Faulkner . Get it down-dd- Take chances-dd- It may be bad, but it’s the only way you can do anything good-dd- William Faulkner . Champions aren’t made in gyms-dd- Champions are made from something they have deep inside them – a desire, a dream, a vision-dd- They have to have the skill, and the will-dd- But the will must be stronger than the skill-dd- Muhammad Ali . The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments-dd- Gustave Flaubert . I believe that if one always looked at the skies, one would end up with wings-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Power is not revealed by striking hard or often, but by striking true-dd- Honoré de Balzac . If you wish to be a mine of jewels, open the deep ocean within your heart-dd- Rumi . Patience with small details makes perfect a large work, like the universe-dd- Rumi . Come, seek, for search is the foundation of fortune: every success depends upon focusing the heart-xx- Rumi . To go wrong in one’s own way is better than to go right in someone else’s-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . If you want to overcome the whole world, overcome yourself-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Poetry is the rhythmical creation of beauty in words-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration-dd- Nikola Tesla . Be alone, that is the secret of invention; be alone, that is when ideas are born-dd- Nikola Tesla . The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Always go too far, because that’s where you’ll find the truth-dd- Albert Camus . Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar-dd- Sigmund Freud . Your very silence shows you agree-dd- Euripides . All great truths begin as blasphemies-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Some people are more certain of everything than I am of nothing-dd- Robert Rubin . Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves-dd- Albert Einstein . It isn’t the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out; it’s the pebble in your shoe-dd- Muhammad Ali . I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . I have great faith in fools – self-confidence my friends will call it-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . If you wish to forget anything on the spot, make a note that this thing is to be remembered-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . I wish I could write as mysterious as a cat-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . I do not think you can name many great inventions that have been made by married men-dd- Nikola Tesla . The last 29 days of the month are the toughest-xx- Nikola Tesla . It has been said that man is a rational animal-dd- All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this-dd- Bertrand Russell . A bus station is where a bus stops-dd- A train station is where a train stops-dd- On my desk, I have a work station… William Faulkner . Did you ever stop to think, and then forget to start again-qq- Winnie The Pooh . People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day-dd- Winnie The Pooh . They’re funny things, accidents-dd- You never have them till you’re having them-dd- Winnie The Pooh . We’re all pretty bizarre-dd- Some of us are just better at hiding it, that’s all-dd- Andrew, The Breakfast Club . Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood-dd- Oscar Wilde . Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people we personally dislike-dd- Oscar Wilde . When reason fails, the devil helps-xx- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Education: the path from cocky ignorance to miserable uncertainty-dd- Mark Twain . Out of all the things I have lost, I miss my mind the most-dd- Mark Twain . No tree, it is said, can grow to heaven unless its roots reach down to hell-dd- Carl Jung . Everything we call real is made of things that cannot be regarded as real-dd- Neils Bohr . God knows, I prefer people with anxieties, whose tomorrow is threatened by uncertainty-dd- Albert Einstein . All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . He in his madness prays for storms, and dreams that storms will bring him peace-dd- Leo Tolstoy . The passion for destruction is also a creative passion-dd- Mikhail Bakunin . One day we will be dead-dd- But today I’ll give it my best not to blame, complain, drain-dd- Today I’ll give my best not to regret or forget-dd- James Altucher . The problem is not to find the answer, it’s to face the answer-dd- Terence McKenna . If it is not necessary to decide, it is necessary not to decide-dd- Lord Acton . Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Science has not yet taught us if madness is or is not the sublimity of the intelligence-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . There is no truth-dd- There is only perception-dd- Gustave Flaubert . All the problems of older times were scarcity… now they’re all abundance based-dd- Naval Ravikant . Battle not with monsters, lest you become one and if you gaze into the abyss, the abyss also gazes into you-dd- Friederich Nietsche . Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not-dd- Both are equally terrifying-dd- Arthur C-dd- Clarke . I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind; yet strange, I am ungrateful to these teachers-dd- Kahlil Gibran . A man can do what he wants, but not want what he wants-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . He who opens a school door, closes a prison-dd- Victor Hugo . As with stomachs, we should pity minds that do not eat-dd- Victor Hugo . To be sane in a world of madman is in itself madness-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Civilization is a hopeless race to discover remedies for the evils it produces-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . I am not deep, but I am very wide-dd- Honoré de Balzac . What if everything in the world were a misunderstanding, what if laughter were really tears-qq- Soren Kierkegaard . I stick my finger into existence and it smells of nothing-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Question everything-dd- Learn something-dd- Answer nothing-dd- Euripides . Understand that half the game is keeping quiet, and carefully watching those around you-dd- Robert Greene . Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is-dd- Albert Camus . But in the end one needs more courage to live than to kill himself-dd- Albert Camus . The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Life is nothing but a competition to be the criminal rather than the victim-dd- Bertrand Russell . The public is wonderfully tolerant-dd- It forgives everything except genius-dd- Oscar Wilde . I am not young enough to know everything-dd- Oscar Wilde . Better a cruel truth than a comfortable delusion-dd- Edward Abbey . Common sense is in spite of, not the result of, education-dd- Victor Hugo . Every strength is also a weakness-dd- The opposite is true as well-dd- Neil Strauss . It’s not how well you play the game, it’s deciding what game you want to play-dd- Kwame Appiah . Where there is no sense of ownership, there is respect-dd- Where there is no hope, there is Truth-dd- Where there is no attachment, there is love-dd- Kapil Gupta . Believe in the you who believes in yourself-dd- Unknown . You don’t deserve what you don’t respect-dd- Unknown . You can have peace-dd- Or you can have freedom-dd- Don’t ever count on having both at once-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Ignoring isn’t the same as ignorance, you have to work at it-dd- Margaret Atwood . All that you are seeking is also seeking you-dd- Franz Kafka . There are two ways to be fooled-dd- One is to believe what isn’t true; the other is to refuse to believe what is true-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter-dd- When they separate, man is no more-dd- Nilola Tesla . The scientists of today think deeply instead of clearly-dd- One must be sane to think clearly, but one can think deeply and be quite insane-dd- Nikola Tesla . Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction-dd- No, read in order to live-dd- Gustave Flaubert . The public wants work which flatters its illusions-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Talent is a long patience, and originality an effort of will and intense observation-dd- Gustave Flaubert . People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . There are no weeds, and no worthless men-dd- There are only bad farmers-dd- Victor Hugo . Do not grow to fond of your ideas or too certain of their truth-dd- Robert Greene . Being good is easy, what is difficult is being just-dd- Victor Hugo . To put everything in balance is good, to put everything in harmony is better-dd- Victor Hugo . We must be free not because we claim freedom, but because we practice it-dd- William Faulkner . There is no exquisite beauty… without some strangeness in the proportion-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Education begins the gentleman, but reading, good company and reflection must finish him-dd- John Locke . Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours-dd- John Locke . The only reason we get lost in thought, is because it is unfamiliar territory-dd- Ashton Leinen . Everyone sees the unseen in proportion to the clarity of his heart-dd- Rumi . Sometimes a man wants to be stupid if it lets him do a thing his cleverness forbids-dd- John Steinbeck . The true genius shudders at incompleteness — imperfection — and usually prefers silence to saying the something which is not everything that should be said-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . A ‘no’ does not hide anything, but a ‘yes’ very easily becomes a deception-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Not to be absolutely certain is, I think, one of the essential things in rationality-dd- Bertrand Russell . There is a wisdom of the head, and… there is a wisdom of the heart-dd- Charles Dickens . We can know only that we know nothing-dd- And that is the highest degree of human wisdom-dd- Leo Tolstoy . There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self-dd- Ernest Hemingway . To think is easy-dd- To act is hard-dd- But the hardest thing in the world is to act in accordance with your thinking-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Nothing shows a man’s character more than what he laughs at-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Some rise by sin, and some by virtue fall-dd- William Shakespeare . You don’t love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear-dd- Oscar Wilde . The very essence of romance is uncertainty-dd- Oscar Wilde . When you’re in love, truly in love, you never have to question it-dd- Michael Faudet . When love itself comes to kiss you, don’t hold back-dd- Rumi . Love doesn’t die; the men and women do-dd- William Faulkner . The more one judges, the less one loves-dd- Honoré de Balzac . Years of love have been forgot, in the hatred of a minute-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . The sun loved the moon so much, he died every night just to let her breath-dd- Unknown . That’s what real love amounts to – letting a person be what he really is-dd- Most people love you for who you pretend to be-dd- Jim Morrison . Love is like a tree: it grows by itself, roots itself deeply in our being and continues to flourish over a heart in ruin-dd- Victor Hugo . The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the greatest intention-dd- Kahlil Gibran . When one is in love, a cliff becomes a meadow-dd- Ethiopian proverb . If love is a sickness, patience is the remedy-dd- Cameroon proverb . Love is the poetry of the senses-dd- Honoré de Balzac . Let your love be like the misty rain, coming softly but flooding the river-dd- Liberian proverb . If the full moon loves you, why worry about the stars-qq- Tunisian proverb . You know who you love but you can’t know who loves you-dd- Nigerian proverb . Where there is love, there is no darkness-dd- Burundi proverb . If you marry a monkey for its wealth, the money goes and the monkey remains-dd- Egyptian proverb . Don’t be so in love that you can’t tell when it’s raining-dd- Madagascar proverb . He who loves, love you with your dirt-dd- Ugandan proverb . A letter from the heart can be read on the face-dd- Kenyan proverb . Even as the archer loves the arrow that flies, so too he loves the bow that remains constant in his hands-dd- Nigerian proverb . Love, like rain, does not choose the grass on which it falls-dd- South African proverb . One who loves the vase, loves also what is inside-dd- Kenyan proverb . There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Hate is easy-dd- Love takes courage-dd- Unknown . It’s easy to fall in love-dd- The hard part is finding someone to catch you-dd- Bertrand Russell . I love you with so much of my heart that none is left to protest-dd- William Shakespeare . How do you spell ‘love’-qq- You don’t spell it, you feel it-dd- Winnie The Pooh . When love prevails, fear departs-dd- Rumi . The soul lives there in the silent breath-dd- Rumi . To die is nothing; but it is terrible not to live-dd- Victor Hugo . Tell me, what is it you plan to do with your one wild and precious life-qq- Mary Oliver . If you haven’t found something strange during the day it hasn’t been much of a day-dd- John Wheeler . What do you despise-qq- By this are you truly known-dd- Frank Herbert . That little spark you feel as you heal-dd- That’s what life’s about-dd- Unknown . Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive-dd- Unknown . Life is the most difficult exam-dd- Many people fail because they try to copy others-dd- Not realizing that everyone has a different question paper-dd- Unknown . And you-qq- When will you begin that long journey into yourself-qq- Rumi . The individual is ephemeral, races and nations come and pass away, but man remains-dd- Nikola Tesla . Fashions have done more harm than revolutions-dd- Victor Hugo . The paradise of the rich is made out of the hell of the poor-dd- Victor Hugo . I belong to the opposition party, which is called life-dd- Honoré de Balzac . I prefer liberty with danger than peace with slavery-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Unless you’re ashamed of yourself now and then, you’re not honest-dd- William Faulkner . It’s not when you realise that nothing can help you – religion, pride, anything – it’s when you realise that you don’t need any aid-dd- William Faulkner . To live is the rarest thing in the world-dd- Most people exist, that is all-dd- Oscar Wilde . The good life is inspired by love and guided by knowledge-dd- Bertrand Russell . It is what you read when you don’t have to that determines what you will be when you can’t help it-dd- Oscar Wilde . Man is least himself when he talks in his own person-dd- Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth-dd- Oscar Wilde . One can be the master of what one does, but never of what one feels-dd- Gustave Flaubert . We must laugh and cry, enjoy and suffer, in a word, vibrate to our full capacity… I think that’s what being really human means-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Face the facts of being what you are, for that is what changes what you are-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing-dd- Oscar Wilde . We live in an age when unnecessary things are our only necessities-dd- Oscar Wilde . But how could you live and have no story to tell-qq- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . The task is not so much to see what no one has yet seen; but to think what nobody has yet thought, about that which everybody sees-dd- Erwin Schrödinger . Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken-dd- Albert Camus . Let there be spaces in your togetherness-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life-dd- Seneca . It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor-dd- Seneca . Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do-dd- Voltaire . He who has a why to live can bear almost any how-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved-dd- Victor Hugo . The happiest people have endured the most pain-dd- Unknown . Being happy for someone else’s success makes you happier-dd- Russ Diemon . A happy person doesn’t have to convince other people they are happy-dd- Either you are or you’re not-dd- And if you are, you’re not taking selfies to show people-dd- Shane Parrish . You are searching the world for treasure, but the real treasure is yourself-dd- Rumi . Don’t underestimate the value of doing nothing, of just going along, listening to all the things you can’t hear, and not bothering-dd- Winnie The Pooh . The desire for more positive experience is itself a negative experience-dd- And, paradoxically, the acceptance of one’s negative experience is itself a positive experience-dd- Mark Manson . Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face-dd- Victor Hugo . Really high-minded people are indifferent to happiness, especially other people’s-dd- Bertrand Russell . To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness-dd- Bertrand Russell . How lucky am I to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard-dd- Winnie The Pooh . No one can be sad when they have a balloon-dd- Winnie The Pooh . If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all-dd- Oscar Wilde . You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of-dd- You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life-dd- Albert Camus . What can be added to the happiness of a man who is in health, out of debt, and has a clear conscience-qq- Adam Smith . Happiness is like those palaces in fairy tales whose gates are guarded by dragons: we must fight in order to conquer it-dd- Alexandre Dumas . I am not proud, but I am happy; and happiness blinds, I think, more than pride-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Maybe happiness too is a metaphor invented on a day of boredom-dd- Gustave Flaubert . All the mistakes I ever made in my life were when I wanted to say No, and said Yes-dd- Moss Hart . Many of us pursue pleasure with such breathless haste that we hurry past it-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Happiness is the greatest hiding place for despair-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you-dd- Lao Tzu . Every moment of happiness requires a great amount of ignorance-dd- Honoré de Balzac . I don’t believe that happiness is possible, but I think tranquility is-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Pleasure is found first in anticipation, later in memory-dd- Gustave Flaubert . The wound is the place where the light enters you-dd- Rumi . Whatever purifies you is the right path-dd- Rumi . If you trip while running down a hallway, you’ll get a nosebleed-dd- If you trip in life, you cry-dd- Minori . Worrying about rejection may be the same as rejecting yourself-dd- Kaga Kouko . Real depression is when you stop loving the things you love-dd- Unknown . It all begins and ends in your mind-dd- What you give power to has power over you-dd- Leon Brown . Yes, I’m smiling, but deep down I’m crying-dd- Unknown . Pain and suffering are always inevitable for a large intelligence and a deep heart-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Don’t grieve-dd- Anything you lose comes round in another form-dd- Rumi . Melancholy is the happiness of being sad-dd- Victor Hugo . The most common form of despair is not being who you are-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . The most painful state of being is remembering the future, particularly the one you’ll never have-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . If you dig a pit for others to fall into, you will fall into it yourself-dd- Rumi . When you’re happy you enjoy the music, when you’re sad you understand the lyrics-dd- Unknown . The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again-dd- Charles Dickens . There is prodigious strength in sorrow and despair-dd- Charles Dickens . Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . I remained too much inside my head and ended up losing my mind-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Mostly it is loss which teaches us about the worth of things-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Anger clouds the mind-dd- Turned inward, it is an unconquerable enemy-dd- Splinter, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles . Solitude is fine, but you need someone to tell you that solitude is fine-dd- Honoré de Balzac . Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise-dd- Victor Hugo . Not being heard is no reason for silence-dd- Victor Hugo . Those who do not weep, do not see-dd- Victor Hugo . A writer is a world trapped in a person-dd- Victor Hugo . Every blade has two edges; he who wounds with one wounds himself with the other-dd- Victor Hugo . Man is sometimes extraordinarily, passionately, in love with suffering… Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Boredom is the root of all evil – the despairing refusal to be oneself-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Waste not fresh tears over old griefs-dd- Euripides . Boredom: the desire for desires-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Death is nothing, but to live defeated is to die every day-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . To die laughing must be the most glorious of all glorious deaths-xx- Edgar Allan Poe . Every poem should remind the reader that they are going to die-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Everybody’s going to die, and nobody’s going to remember you, so fuck it-dd- Billie Eilish . Don’t be afraid of death, Winnie-dd- Be afraid of the un-lived life-dd- Angus Tuck, Tuck Everlasting . This is our big mistake: to think we look forward to death-dd- Most of death is already gone-dd- Whatever time has passed is owned by death-dd- Seneca . The risks you keep taking, the challenges you keep overcoming, are like symbolic deaths that sharpen your appreciation for life-dd- Robert Greene . This could be your last throw of the dice: make it count-dd- Robert Greene . To avoid pain, they avoid pleasure-dd- To avoid death, they avoid life-dd- Osho . It is necessary to have wished for death in order to know how good it is to live-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Death must be so beautiful-dd- To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one’s head, and listen to silence-dd- To have no yesterday, and no tomorrow-dd- To forget time, to forgive life, to be at peace-dd- Oscar Wilde . The real question is not whether life exists after death-dd- The real question is whether you are alive before death-dd- Osho . You could leave life right now-dd- Let that determine what you do and say and think-dd- Marcus Aurelius . To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . Death ends a life, not a relationship-dd- Mitch Albom . I don’t want to die without any scars-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . A friend to all is a friend to none-dd- Aristotle . I like men who have a future and women who have a past-dd- Oscar Wilde . I don’t want to go to heaven-dd- None of my friends are there-dd- Oscar Wilde . On the path of love, friend and stranger are one and the same-dd- Rumi . A day without a friend is like a pot without a single drop of honey left inside-dd- Winnie The Pooh . I think we dream so we don’t have to be apart for so long-dd- If we’re in each other’s dreams, we can be together all the time-dd- Winnie The Pooh . You will encounter thousands of various individuals in your life, and the ability to see them as they are will prove invaluable-dd- Robert Greene . Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain-dd- It’s not something you learn in school-dd- But if you haven’t learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven’t learned anything-dd- Muhammad Ali . The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances; if there is any reaction, both are transformed-dd- Carl Jung . Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other-dd- Honoré de Balzac . I have learned that to be with those I like is enough-dd- Walt Whitman . You don’t meet people by accident-dd- There’s always a reason-dd- A lesson or a blessing-dd- Unknown . Sometimes home isn’t four walls, it’s two eyes and a heartbeat-dd- Unknown . Friendship consists in forgetting what one gives and remembering what one receives-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is by far the best ending for one-dd- Oscar Wilde . If you treat an individual as he is, he will remain how he is-dd- But if you treat him as if he were what he ought to be and could be, he will become what he ought to be and could be-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . It’s not at all hard to understand a person; it’s only hard to listen without bias-dd- Criss Jami . The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, not the kindly smile, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when you discover that someone else believes in you and is willing to trust you with a friendship-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born-dd- Anaïs Nin . The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody-dd- Mark Twain . The trouble is not in dying for a friend, but in finding a friend worth dying for-dd- Mark Twain . Never lose hope, my heart-dd- Miracles dwell in the invisible-dd- Rumi . The need for certainty is the greatest disease the mind faces-dd- Robert Greene . We are saved by faith alone, but the faith that saves is never alone-dd- Martin Luther . No prayer is complete without presence-dd- Rumi . Believe nothing you hear, and only one half that you see-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Trust yourself more and others less-dd- Robert Greene . The truth may be out there, but the lies are inside your head-dd- Terry Pratchett . The first principle is that you must not fool yourself – and you are the easiest person to fool-dd- Richard Feynman . You are awareness-dd- You are mind-dd- You are not from this world-dd- I mean, think about it, could you really be from here-qq- Frederick Lenz . You call it hope — that fire of fire-xx- It is but agony of desire-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . My brain is only a receiver, in the Universe there is a core from which we obtain knowledge, strength and inspiration-dd- I have not penetrated into the secrets of this core, but I know that it exists-dd- Nikola Tesla . All that was great in the past was ridiculed, condemned, combated, suppressed — only to emerge all the more powerfully, all the more triumphantly from the struggle-dd- Nikola Tesla . You are braver than you believe-dd- Strong than you seem-dd- And smarter than you think-dd- Winnie The Pooh . Power can be taken, but not given-dd- The process of the taking is empowerment in itself-dd- Gloria Steinem . Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable-dd- Oz, The Wizard of Oz . Power is not miraculous, but intrinsically human and accessible to us all-dd- Robert Greene . There is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come-dd- Victor Hugo . You have to keep breaking your heart until it opens-dd- Rumi . Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace-dd- Victor Hugo . Change your opinions, keep to your principles; change your leaves, keep intact your roots-dd- Victor Hugo . Doubt is an illness that comes from knowledge and leads to madness-dd- Gustave Flaubert . The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . It is so hard to believe because it is so hard to obey-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong-dd- Bertrand Russell . Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Daring ideas are like chessmen moved forward-dd- They may be beaten, but they may start a winning game-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . ‎Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats-dd- Voltaire . Courage is knowing what not to fear-dd- Plato . To be radical is to grasp things by the root-dd- Karl Marx . People spend too much time doing and not enough time thinking about what they should be doing-dd- Naval Ravikant . 