Brothers aren’t simply close; brothers are knit together-dd- Robert Rivers . United we stand, divided we fall-dd- Aesop . The mystical bond of brotherhood makes all men brothers-dd- Thomas Carlyle . There is no love like the love for a brother-dd- There is no love like the love from a brother-dd- Astrid Alauda . The beauty of genuine brotherhood and peace is more precious than diamonds or silver or gold-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for a difficult time-dd- Proverbs 17:17 . The crest and crowning of all good, life’s final star, is brotherhood-dd- Edwin Markham . Because brothers don’t let each other wander in the dark alone-dd- Jolene Perry . The universal brotherhood of man is our most precious possession-dd- Mark Twain . There is no time like the old time, when you and I were young-xx- Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr . Never make a companion equal to a brother-dd- Hesiod . A sibling is the lens through which you see your childhood-dd- Ann Hood . Half the time when brothers wrestle, it’s just an excuse to hug each other-dd- James Patterson . When brothers agree, no fortress is so strong as their common life-dd- Antisthenes . If thy brother wrongs thee, remember not so much his wrong-doing, but more than ever that he is thy brother-dd- Epictetus . Brothers are what best friends can never be-dd- Unknown . A friend is a brother who was once a bother-dd- Unknown . My father used to play with my brother and me in the yard-dd- Mother would come out and say, “You’re tearing up the grass”-dd- “We’re not raising grass,” Dad would reply-dd- “We’re raising boys”-dd- Harmon Kellebrew . Your brother is always the first male friend you will have in your life-dd- Ritu Ghatourey . When your son grows up, become his brother-dd- Arabic proverb . True brothers are never blood-related-dd- But born of the spirit-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . Our brothers and sisters are there with us from the dawn of our personal stories to the inevitable dusk-dd- Susan Scarf Merrell . A brother is a friend God gave you; A friend is a brother your heart chose-dd- Unknown . Stop for a moment and realize how lucky you are to have one-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Once a brother, always a brother, no matter the distance, no matter the difference and no matter the issue-dd- Byron Pulsifer . The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s life-dd- Richard Bach . Do you know what friendship is… it is to be brother and sister; two souls which touch without mingling, two fingers on one hand-dd- Victor Hugo . You are not my friend, you are my brother, my friend-dd- Jaroslaw Jarzabowski . The bond that binds us is beyond choice-dd- We are brothers-dd- We are brothers in what we share-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . Equality lies only in human moral dignity… Let there be brothers first, then there will be brotherhood, and only then will there be a fair sharing of goods among brothers-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . He is my most beloved friend and my bitterest rival, my confidant and my betrayer, my sustainer and my dependent, and scariest of all, my equal-dd- Gregg Levoy . We may look old and wise to the outside world-dd- But to each other, we are still in junior school-dd- Charlotte Gray . When I had money everyone called me brother-dd- Polish proverb . It takes two men to make one brother-dd- Israel Zangwill . A brother is a gift to the heart, a friend to the spirit-dd- Unknown (This is one of my favorite brother quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Keep on loving one another as brothers and sisters-dd- Hebrews 13:1 . Every person whether he is Hindu, Muslim or Buddhist, he is my brother, my sister-dd- Mother Teresa . My brother is worth a thousand of your friend-dd- Cersei Lannister (Game Of Thrones) . As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live-dd- John Paul II . We have flown the air like birds and swum the sea like fishes, but have yet to learn the simple act of walking the earth like brothers-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . I believe in the brotherhood of all men, but I don’t believe in wasting brotherhood on anyone who doesn’t want to practice it with me-dd- Brotherhood is a two-way street-dd- Malcolm X . It’s better that we feel something for each other rather than behave like corpses toward one another, the more so because as long as one has no real right to be called a corpse by being legally dead, it smacks of hypocrisy or at least childishness to pose as such-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . Oh, brothers-xx- I don’t care for brothers-dd- My elder brother won’t die, and my younger brothers seem never to do anything else-dd- Oscar Wilde . Most families had four, five brothers-dd- But because it was just me and Darryl, we had to be twice as strong-dd- Barry White . My brother Bob doesn’t want to be in government – he promised Dad he’d go straight-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . There’s a lot of times that both myself and my brother wish, obviously, that we were just completely normal-dd- Prince Harry . We came into the world like brother and brother, and now let’s go hand in hand, not one before another-dd- William Shakespeare . Man lives freely only by his readiness to die, if need be, at the hands of his brother, never by killing him-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Everyone knows that if you’ve got a brother, you’re going to fight-dd- Liam Gallagher (Oasis) . My big brother still thinks he’s a better singer than me-dd- Rod Stewart . My brother is really, really slow-dd- Usain Bolt . It’s rare to have a best friend who is also your brother and also an NFL football player, and he knows exactly what I’m talking about-dd- Eli Manning . I’m the opposite of jealous-dd- Eli Manning . Imitation is obviously a great form of flattery-dd- Peyton Manning . I’m the best Manning-dd- Peyton Manning . Big Brother is watching you-dd- George Orwell . Look how good and how pleasant it is when brothers live together in unity-xx- Psalm 133:1 . A brother may not be a friend, but a friend will always be a brother-dd- Benjamin Franklin . In time of test, family is best-dd- Burmese proverb . A brother is a friend given by Nature-dd- Jean Baptiste Legouve . It is our suffering that brings us together-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . God blesses him who helps his brother-dd- Ahmad Shah Massood . Your brother is your alter ego-dd- Your friend and sometimes your hero-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Because I have a brother I’ll always have a friend-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . There’s no buddy like a brother-dd- Unknown . Brothers make the best friends-dd- Unknown . Everything I am, you helped me be-dd- Unknown . We’re all just walking each other home-dd- Ram Dass . All men are brothers-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . Two happy days are seldom brothers-dd- Bulgarian proverb . Silence is a brother of delight-dd- Arabic proverb . Let brotherly love continue-dd- Hebrews 13:1 . Maybe one is enough-dd- Swati Avasthi . Help your brother’s boat across, and your own will reach the shore-dd- Hindu proverb . Treat your superior as a father, your equal as a brother, and your inferior as a son-dd- Persian proverb . To become truly great, one has to stand with people, not above them-dd- Baron de Montesquieu . To the outside world we all grow old-dd- But not to brothers and sisters-dd- We know each other as we always were-dd- We know each other’s hearts-dd- We share private family jokes-dd- We remember family feuds and secrets, family griefs and joys-dd- We live outside the touch of time-dd- Unknown . He will make you cry but also make you laugh-dd- He will make you scream but also dream-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I believe in one thing, that only a life lived for others is a life worth living-dd- Albert Einstein . Sibling relationships – and 80% of Americans have at least one – outlast marriages, survive the death of parents, resurface after quarrels that would sink any friendship-dd- They flourish in a thousand incarnations of distance and closeness, warmth, loyalty and distrust-dd- Erica E-dd- Goode . Brothers don’t necessarily have to say anything to each other – they can sit in a room and be together and just be completely comfortable with each other-dd- Leonardo DiCaprio . I sought my soul, but my soul I could not see-dd- I sought my God, but my God eluded me-dd- I sought my brother and I found all three-dd- Unknown . We cannot live only for ourselves-dd- A thousand fibers connect us with our fellow men; and among those fibers, as sympathetic threads, our actions run as causes, and they come back to us as effects-dd- Herman Melville . Sisters and brothers are the truest, purest forms of love, family and friendship, knowing when to hold you and when to challenge you, but always being a part of you-dd- Carol Ann Albright Eastman . You don’t choose your family-dd- They are God’s gift to you, as you are to them-dd- Desmond Tutu . Grant us brotherhood, not only for this day but for all our years – a brotherhood not of words but of acts and deeds-dd- Stephen Vincent Benet . Son, brother, father, lover, friend-dd- There is room in the heart for all the affections, as there is room in heaven for all the stars-dd- Victor Hugo . If you want to do really important things in life and big things in life, you can’t do anything by yourself-dd- And your best teams are your friends and your siblings-dd- Deepak Chopra . Will you be there for him if he needs you-qq- Of course-dd- Should you love him without question-qq- Absolutely-dd- David Levithan . We should all lend a helping hand to those in need as we are all brothers and sisters-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . All are brothers and sisters-dd- All are one, be alike to everyone-dd- That is unity-dd- Sathya Sai Baba . The world is now too small for anything but brotherhood-dd- A-dd- Powell Davies . I can get another husband but never another brother-dd- Corsican proverb . I’m the oldest, I make the rules-dd- I’m in the middle, I’m the reason we have rules-dd- I’m the youngest the rules don’t apply to me-dd- Unknown-dd- . You and I are brothers-dd- Always remember that if you fall, I will pick you up… after I finish laughing-dd- Unknown . My other brother-in-law died-dd- He was a karate expert, then joined the army-dd- The first time he saluted, he killed himself-dd- Henny Youngman . Brothers are children of the same parents, each of whom is perfectly normal until they get together-dd- Sam Levenson . Home is wherever my bunch of crazies are-dd- Unknown . I smile because you’re my brother and I laugh because there is nothing you can do about it-dd- Unknown (See also: smiling quotes) . It is impossible to keep a small boy in the house, even in the worst weather, unless he has a sister to torment-dd- Mary Wilson Little . My sister was drowning in the ocean once, and my brother and I dove in and saved her-dd- True story-dd- She owes us her life-dd- It’s great leverage; we abuse it all the time-xx- Matt Barr . When I look at each of my brothers, I see two things-dd- First, I see the next place I want to leave a rosy welt-dd- Second, I see a good man who will always be there, no matter how hard life gets for me or him-dd- Then, I get out of the way because I realize he’s coming at me with a wet dish towel-dd- Dan Pearce . Big Brother is watching… look busy-dd- Brandon Boyd . The best way to get a puppy is to beg for a baby brother – and they’ll settle for a puppy every time-dd- Winston Pendelton . I grew up with six brothers-dd- That’s how I learned to dance – waiting for the bathroom-dd- Bob Hope . I want to be the white man’s brother, not his brother-in-law-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . At the narrow passage, there is no brother and no friend-dd- Bedouin proverb . A trial between brothers has no winners or losers-dd- Ekonda proverb . None of you believes until he wishes for his brother what he wishes for himself-dd- Prophet Muhammad . You can swim towards your brother but the river of life will decide whether or not you get closer-dd- Just be content that you tried and grateful if you succeed-dd- Maxime Lagacé . A sibling may be the keeper of one’s identity, the only person with the keys to one’s unfettered, more fundamental self-dd- Marian Sandmaier . One can be a brother only in something-dd- Where there is no tie that binds men, men are not united but merely lined up-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . We don’t need holy wars-dd- What we need is tolerance and brotherhood and simple humanity-dd- Arlen Specter . There is always a chance that he who sets himself up as his brother’s keeper will end up by being his jail-keeper-dd- Eric Hoffer . Three brothers, three fortresses-dd- Portuguese proverb . Sleep is the brother of death-dd- Chinese proverb . Brotherhood is the very price and condition of man’s survival-dd- Carlos P-dd- Romulo . When you deal with your brother, be pleasant, but get a witness-dd- Hesiod . If we are not our brother’s keeper, at least let us not be his executioner-dd- Marlon Brando . There is a destiny which makes us brothers; none goes his way alone-dd- All that we send into the lives of others comes back into our own-dd- Edwin Markham . We do not want the men of another color for our brothers-in-law, but we do want them for our brothers-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . Until blacks and whites see each other as brother and sister, we will not have parity-dd- It’s very clear-dd- Maya Angelou . But if anyone has the world’s goods and sees his brother in need, yet closes his heart against him, how does God’s love abide in him-qq- 1 John 3:17 . A brother is like gold and a friend is like diamond-dd- If gold cracks you can melt it and make it just like it was before-dd- If a diamond cracks, it can never be like it was before-dd- Ali Ibn Abi Talib . People are of two types: they are either your brothers in faith or your equals in humanity-dd- Ali Ibn Abi Talib . Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother-dd- Khalil Gibran . A bad brother is far better than no brother-dd- Swahili proverb . If your brother is rich it doesn’t mean you’re rich-dd- African proverb . A quarrel between brothers costs soul and life-dd- Swedish proverb . Either men will learn to live like brothers, or they will die like beasts-dd- Max Lerner . The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother-dd- Charles Dickens . Once we meet and talk, we are brothers and sisters-dd- Japanese proverb . Your parents leave you too soon and your kids and spouse come along late, but your siblings know you when you when you are in your most inchoate form-dd- Jeffrey Kluger . Better is a neighbour that is near than a brother far off-dd- Romanian proverb . The camel never sees his own hump, but that of his brother is always in his eyes-dd- Moroccan proverb . A good friend is worth more than a bad brother-dd- Croatian proverb . Respect among brothers is the purest form of love-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Our most bitter enemies are our own kith and kin-dd- Kings have no brothers, no sons, no mother-xx- Honore De Balzac . You must recognize that the way to get the good out of your brother and your sister is not to return evil for evil-dd- Louis Farrakhan . If you want to know how your girl will treat you after marriage, just listen to her talking to her little brother-dd- Sami Levenson . I know there is strength in the differences between us-dd- I know there is comfort where we overlap-dd- Ani DiFranco . Remember upon the conduct of each depends the fate of all-dd- Alexander the Great . He who understands you is greater kin to you than your own brother-dd- For even your own kindred neither understand you nor know your true worth-dd- Kahlil Gibran . All men were made by the Great Spirit Chief-dd- They are all brothers-dd- Chief Joseph . Brothers and sisters are as close as hands and feet-dd- Vietnamese proverb . It is better to host a good stranger than a bad brother-dd- African proverb . A sin against a brother or sister is an offence against the gods-dd- African proverb . Finally, all of you must live in harmony, be sympathetic, love as brothers, and be compassionate and humble-dd- 1 Peter 3:8 . Moreover if your brother shall trespass against you, go and tell him his fault between you and him alone-dd- Matthew 18:15 . If your brother or sister sins, go and point out their fault, just between the two of you-dd- If they listen to you, you have won them over-dd- Matthew 18:15 . We are all equal in the fact that we are all different-dd- We are all the same in the fact that we will never be the same-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent-dd- John Donne . When we turn to one another for counsel we reduce the number of our enemies-dd- Kahlil Gibran . You need a brother, without one you’re like a person rushing to battle without a weapon-dd- Arabic proverb . Your brother is who gives you a honest advice-dd- Arabic proverb . Good brotherhood is the best wealth-dd- Russian proverb . Siblings by chance-dd- Friends by choice-dd- Unknown . Be near your brothers-dd- Not just one, but both of them-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . Words are a pretext-dd- It is the inner bond that draws one person to another, not words-dd- Rumi . A friend forgives quicker than enemy, and family forgives quicker than a friend-dd- Amit Kalantri . The most important thing between brothers is not that they quarrel or not but that no matter what, they bond and care for each other-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I, who have no sisters or brothers, look with some degree of innocent envy on those who may be said to be born to friends-dd- James Boswell . Brother: a person who is there when you need him; someone who picks you up when you fall; a person who sticks up for you when no one else will; a brother is always a friend-dd- Unknown . I, who have no sisters or brothers, look with some degree of innocent envy on those who may be said to be born to friends-dd- James Boswell . I hold this to be the highest task for a bond between two people: that each protects the solitude of the other-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . A man with many friends can still be ruined, but a true friend sticks closer than a brother-dd- Proverbs 18:24 . Brotherhood is not just a Bible word-dd- Out of comradeship can come and will come the happy life for all-dd- Heywood Broun . If the whole of mankind is to be united into one brotherhood, all obstacles must be removed so that men, all over the surface of the globe, should be as children playing in a garden-dd- Maria Montessori . Being brother and sister means being there for each other-dd- Unknown (See also: How to Have a Better Relationship With a Younger Brother) . Not always eye to eye, but always heart to heart-dd- Unknown . I can’t promise to solve all your problems, but I can promise you won’t have to face them alone-dd- Unknown . If you age with somebody, you go through so many roles – you’re lovers, friends, enemies, colleagues, strangers; you’re brother and sister-dd- That’s what intimacy is, if you’re with your soulmate-dd- Cate Blanchett . Never hold resentments for the person who tells you what you need to hear; count them among your truest, most caring, and valuable friends-dd- Mike Norton . The bittersweet about truth is that nothing could be more hurtful, yet nothing could be more helpful-dd- Mike Norton . I love you, my brother, whoever you are – whether you worship in a church, kneel in your temple, or pray in your mosque-dd- Kahlil Gibran . There’s a drive in a lost soul—in one that is searching for acceptance, companionship, belonging, whatever you want to call it-dd- The slightest coincidence ignites a spark that one hopes will lead to something meaningful-dd- Doug Cooper . When you are a member of an organization, life isn’t only about you-dd- As part of a circle of people who depend on one another, you watch one another’s back and remain loyal to the concept of brotherhood-dd- Sonny Barger . Brotherhood means laying down your life for somebody, really willing to sacrifice yourself for somebody else-dd- Tim Hetherington . If we desire a society in which men are brothers, then we must act towards one another with brotherhood-dd- If we can build such a society, then we would have achieved the ultimate goal of human freedom-dd- Bayard Rustin . The practice of charity will bind us – will bind all men in one great brotherhood-dd- Conrad Hilton . A sympathetic friend can be quite as dear as a brother-dd- Homer . The strength of a family, like the strength of an army, is in its loyalty to each other-dd- Mario Puzo . Sometimes being a brother is even better than being a superhero-dd- Marc Brown . I’m so proud of you that it makes me proud of me-dd- I hope you know that-dd- John Green . How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes-xx- Maya Angelou . Without my big brother I probably literally wouldn’t be here-dd- Mikey Way . Some have more than one example to look up to-dd- Others have only their brother-dd- Maxime Lagacé . A true hero isn’t measured by the size of his strength but by the strength of his heart-dd- Hercules . A hero is someone who steps up when everyone else backs down-dd- Unknown . I don’t want to be your hero-dd- I want to be your brother-dd- You know, I want to be your family member-dd- I want to be your equal-dd- Tom Shadyac . The legacy of heroes is the memory of a great name and the inheritance of a great example-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . The hero draws inspiration from the virtue of his ancestors-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . A good example is far better than a good precept-dd- Dwight L-dd- Moody . There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up-dd- John Holmes . It’s faith in something and enthusiasm for something that makes a life worth living-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr . Inspiring conduct has so much more of an impact than coercing it-dd- Thomas Friedman . A kind gesture can reach a wound that only compassion can heal-dd- Steve Maraboli . What you do has far greater impact that what you say-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . The true meaning of life is to plant trees, under whose shade you do not expect to sit-dd- Nelson Henderson . I think a hero is any person really intent on making this a better place for all people-dd- Maya Angelou . A hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles-dd- Christopher Reeve . The thing with brothers is, you’re supposed to take turns being the keeper-dd- Sometimes you get to sit down and be the brother who is kept-dd- Orson Scott Card . Being his real brother I could feel I live in his shadows, but I never have and I do not now-dd- I live in his glow-dd- Michael Morpurgo . In the progress of personality, first comes a declaration of independence, then a recognition of interdependence-dd- Henry van Dyke Jr . A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born for a time of adversity-dd- Proverbs 17:17 . Be devoted to one another in brotherly love; give preference to one another in honor-dd- Romans 12:10 . Honor all people, love the brotherhood, fear God, honor the king-dd- 1 Peter 2:17 . No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another-dd- Charles Dickens . He has a right to criticize, who has a heart to help-dd- Abraham Lincoln . We didn’t even realize we were making memories, we just knew we were having fun-dd- Winnie the Pooh . The highlight of my childhood was making my brother laugh so hard that food came out his nose-dd- Garrison Keillor . Brothers get dirty, play catch, defend & protect, laugh, imagine, build forts, tell secrets, invent, ride bicycles, sell lemonade, catch bugs, build Lego, wrestle, have sleepovers, misbehave, play cars, day dream, climb trees, hold hands, count the stars, fight, build sandcastles; together-dd- Unknown . Nobody remembers their childhood exactly but I remember you were there for me-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The happiest days of my youth were when my brother and I would run through the woods and feel quite safe-dd- Rachel Weisz . There is a little boy inside the man who is my brother… Oh, how I hated that little boy-dd- And how I love him too-dd- Anna Quindlen . A brother wronged is more unyielding than a fortified city; disputes are like the barred gates of a citadel-dd- Proverbs 18:19 . Everyone who hates his brother is a murderer, and you know that no murderer has eternal life present in him-dd- 1 John 3:15 . You must not hate your brother in your heart-dd- You must surely reprove your fellow citizen so that you do not incur sin on account of him-dd- Leviticus 19:17 . Your siblings are the only people in the world who know what it’s like to have been brought up the way you were-dd- Betsy Cohen . Time and again, we’re asked to discover, through love and suffering, that we are at heart the same-dd- Mark Nepo . We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers – but never blame yourself-dd- It’s never your fault-dd- But it’s always your fault, because if you wanted to change you’re the one who has got to change-dd- Katharine Hepburn . Being pretty on the inside means you don’t hit your brother and you eat all your peas – that’s what my grandma taught me-dd- Lord Chesterfield . When the brothers fight to the death, a stranger inherits their father’s estate-dd- Ibo proverb . They say that not matter how old you become, when you are with your siblings, you revert back to childhood-dd- Karen White . I guess we’re really brothers, aren’t we-qq- Don’t know what that means, except it means that some of the same things we remember-dd- Tim O’Brien . Siblings are the people we practice on, the people who teach us about fairness and cooperation and kindness and caring — quite often the hard way-dd- Pamela Dugdale . Brothers that say they never fight are most definitely hiding something-dd- Lemony Snicket . A brother shares childhood memories and grown-up dreams-dd- Unknown . We are brothers and sisters-dd- We are one sacred family-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . That’s the function of big brothers… to help their little sisters when their worlds are collapsing-dd- Susan Beth Pfeffer . No life’s worth more than any other, no sister worth less than any brother-dd- Michael Franti . I don’t believe an accident of birth makes people sisters or brothers-dd- It makes them siblings, gives them mutuality of parentage-dd- Sisterhood and brotherhood is a condition people have to work at-dd- Maya Angelou . What brothers say to tease their sisters has nothing to do with what they really think of them-dd- Esther Friesner . Comparison is a death knell to sibling harmony-dd- Elizabeth Fishel . I’m the luckiest person-dd- I have a brother and a sister who are my friends-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Children of the same family, the same blood, with the same first associations and habits, have some means of enjoyment in their power, which no subsequent connections can supply-dd- Jane Austen . I love you, you were there for me, you protected me, and most of all, you loved me-dd- We’d fight, scream, and argue, but, under it all, is a love-dd- That only exists, in a brother, and a sister-dd- Unknown . I have a wonderful shelter, which is my family-dd- I have a wonderful relationship with my brother and sister; this makes me feel that I know always where I belong-dd- Jose Carreras . The greatest gift our parents ever gave us was each other-dd- Unknown . Hold my hand big sister all the years through, Hold my hand little brother for I will always love and protect you-dd- Unknown . Like branches on a tree… we may grow in different directions, but our roots remain as one-dd- Unknown . Best friends are the siblings from different parents-dd- Unknown . There can be no companion better than a brother and there can be no friend better than a sister-dd- Unknown . I think I’m funny because my family, my siblings, were funny-dd- Martin Short . Our siblings-dd- They resemble us just enough to make all their differences confusing, and no matter what we choose to make of this, we are cast in relation to them our whole lives long-dd- Susan Scarf Merrell . Our siblings push buttons that cast us in roles we felt sure we had let go of long ago — the baby, the peacekeeper, the caretaker, the avoider… It doesn’t seem to matter how much time has elapsed or how far we’ve traveled-dd- Jane Mersky Leder . Brother and sister, together as friends, ready to face whatever life sends-dd- Joy and laughter or tears and strife, holding hands tightly as we dance through life-dd- Suzie Huitt . Brothers and sisters separated by distance joined by love-dd- Chuck Danes . We only part to meet again-dd- John Gay . Nothing makes a room feel emptier than wanting someone in it-dd- Calla Quinn . And when he died, I suddenly realized I wasn’t crying for him at all, but for the things he did-dd- I cried because he would never do them again-dd- Ray Bradbury . I don’t miss you and you alone, I miss you and me together-dd- Unknown . You may be out of my sight but never out of my mind-dd- Unknown . Not only had my brother disappeared, but – and bear with me here – a part of my very being had gone with him-dd- Stories about us could, from them on, be told from only one perspective-dd- Memories could be told but not shared-dd- John Corey Whaley . In death as in life, we stand together, always a family, always a team-dd- The brotherhood never dies-dd- Marcus Luttrell . How you can already miss someone when you are in the same room with them, I have no idea-dd- But I do-dd- Karen Harrington . Where you used to be, there is a hole in the world, which I find myself constantly walking around in the daytime, and falling in at night-dd- Edna St Vincent Millay . God is our neighbour when our brother is absent-dd- Swahili proverb . Every parting is a form of death, as every reunion is a type of heaven-dd- Tryon Edwards . Your memory feels like home to me-dd- So whenever my mind wanders, it always finds it’s way back to you-dd- Ranata Suzuki . There is an ocean of silence between us… and I am drowning in it-dd- Ranata Suzuki . Sometimes, when one person is missing, the whole world seems depopulated-dd- Lamartine . Once you love someone, they stay in your heart forever-dd- Nita (Brother Bear, Disney) . Love is the bond of brotherhood-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . Family over friends-dd- Family over business-dd- Your gratitude must be endless-dd- Maxime Lagacé . There’s no other love like the love for a brother-dd- There’s no other love like the love from a brother-dd- Astrid Alauda . I was born into the most remarkable and eccentric family I could have possibly hoped for-dd- Maureen O’Hara . Siblings (n-dd-) a combination of a best friend and a pain in the neck-dd- They might be the most annoying people around you but you still love them endlessly-dd- . Whatever you do they will love you; even if they don’t love you they are connected to you till you die-dd- You can be boring and tedious with sisters, whereas you have to put on a good face with friends-dd- Deborah Moggach . As sure as the sun will rise every morning and set in the evening just the same, I will love you all the days of my life-dd- Fawn Weaver . You my brother have always been a support in my life, you have always had encouraging words for me as a child and now into our adult years-dd- I know I can always count on you being there-dd- What would I ever do without you-xx- Catherine Pulsifer . Hatred stirs up strife, but love covers all transgressions-dd- Proverbs 10:12 . I believe that we must reach our brother, never toning down our fundamental oppositions, but meeting him when he asks to be met, with a reason for the faith that is in us, as well as with a loving sympathy for them a brothers-dd- Dorothy Day . If you have a brother or sister, tell them you love them every day – that’s the most beautiful thing-dd- I told my sister how much I loved her every day-dd- That’s the only reason I’m OK right now-dd- Amaury Nolasco . Blessed is the servant who loves his brother as much when he is sick and useless as when he is well and an be of service to him-dd- And blessed is he who loves his brother as well when he is afar off as when he is by his side, and who would say nothing behind his back he might not, in love, say before his face-dd- St-dd- Francis of Assisi . I think people that have a brother or sister don’t realize how lucky they are-dd- Sure, they fight a lot, but to know that there’s always somebody there, somebody that’s family-dd- Trey Parker . My family is everything-dd- I am what I am thanks to my mother, my father, my brother, my sister… because they have given me everything-dd- The education I have is thanks to them-dd- Ronaldinho . I placed you in my heart since you were born-dd- You are the best gift ever that I’ve gotten from our parents-dd- I’m so lucky to have you as my younger brother-dd- Sam Dawn . I’ve been blessed to have a brother like you-dd- You’re my pal, my buddy and my best friend too-dd- And it means a lot having a brother like you-dd- Unknown . Love between brothers is messy, loud, rough, sweet, fierce, fun, unique, forever-dd- Unknown . Bare is a brotherless behind-dd- Swedish proverb . Nothing can stop me from loving my brother-dd- Brandy Norwood . The younger brother hath the more wit-dd- Alexander Pope . The younger brother must help to pay for the pleasures of the elder-dd- Jane Austen . As the younger brother, I think you always have crushes on your older brother’s girlfriends-dd- Liam Hemsworth . One who always depends on his brother will die poor-dd- Swahili proverb . Let the people think they govern and they will be governed-dd- William Penn . Funny how older brothers could still be annoying even after everyone was all grown-up-dd- Elizabeth Camden . Older siblings… The only people who will pick on you for their own entertainment and beat up anyone else who tries-dd- Unknown . I grew up with an older brother, and the bond between siblings is unlike anything else, and it can be a real journey to accept what that bond is once you both mature into it-dd- Because it’s not always what you want-dd- It’s not always what you expect-dd- It’s not always what you imagined or hoped-dd- But it’s one of the most important things in the world-dd- Ben Schnetzer . Brothers are like streetlights along the road, they don’t make distance any shorter but they light up the path and make the walk worthwhile-dd- Unknown . I’m happy if everybody else is-dd- I’m a big brother, the oldest-dd- If you’re happy and I’m not, I’m cool with that-dd- If I’m happy and you’re not, I’m sad-dd- Chris Rock . What strange creatures brothers are-xx- Jane Austen . My brother has an awesome sister-dd- True story-dd- Unknown . It’s National Siblings Day, so I just wanted to let you know you are lucky to have me as a sister-dd- Unknown . Being a big sister is to love your brother, even if he does not want it or love you in return-dd- Unknown . I love you, you were there for me, you protected me, and most of all, you loved me-dd- We’d fight, scream, and argue, but, under it all, is a love-dd- That only exists, in a brother, and a sister-dd- Unknown . Sometimes being a big sister is even better than being a princess-dd- Unknown . As we grew up, my brothers acted like they didn’t care, but I always knew they looked out for me and were there-xx- Catherine Pulsifer . I grew up with a younger brother, so I can get pretty rowdy-dd- Sarah Wynter . He who has brothers has more than riches can buy-dd- African proverb . 