Smile, breathe and go slowly-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If you see someone without a smile give them one of yours-dd- Unknown . Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Peace begins with a smile-dd- Mother Teresa . There is fear when frowning-dd- There is love when smiling-dd- Maxime Lagacé . A smile is a friend maker-dd- Bangambiki Habyarimana . Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love-dd- Mother Teresa . I love those who can smile in trouble-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Smile at strangers and you just might change a life-dd- Steve Maraboli . Use your smile to change the world but don’t let the world change your smile-dd- Unknown . If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love-dd- Maya Angelou . Science teaches to think but love teaches to smile-dd- Santosh Kalwar . If we are not able to smile, then the world will not have peace-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Even a smile is a good deed-dd- Shari Arison . A smile is the universal welcome-dd- Max Eastman . The source of a true smile is an awakened mind-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . I smile like a flower not only with my lips but with my whole being-dd- Rumi . A simple smile-dd- That’s the start of opening your heart and being compassionate to others-dd- Dalai Lama . Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad-dd- Christina Rossetti . The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection-dd- Thomas Paine . A warm smile is the universal language of kindness-dd- William Arthur Ward . What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity-dd- These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life’s pathway, the good they do is inconceivable-dd- Joseph Addison . Of all the medicines in the inner life, a smile is by far the best medecine-dd- Sri Chinmoy . Nothing you wear is more important than your smile-dd- Connie Stevens . If I can see pain in your eyes then share with me your tears-dd- If I can see joy in your eyes then share with me your smile-dd- Santosh Kalwar . If we are peaceful, if we are happy, we can smile and blossom like a flower, and everyone in our family, our entire society, will benefit from our peace-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . All the statistics in the world can’t measure the warmth of a smile-dd- Chris Hart . A gentle word, a kind look, a good-natured smile can work wonders and accomplish miracles-dd- William Hazlitt . How can you feel bad and smile simultaneously-qq- Maxime Lagacé . Smile is the vainest thing you can wear without costing you anything-dd- Unknown . She wrote love with her smile and magic with her eyes-dd- Giovannie de Sadeleer . Smile in the mirror-dd- Do that every morning and you’ll start to see a big difference in your life-dd- Yoko Ono . One who smiles rather than rages is always the stronger-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . The living should smile, for the dead cannot-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin . Wear a smile and have friends; wear a scowl and have wrinkles-dd- George Eliot . Smile at the obstacle, for it is a bridge-dd- Medusa (This is one of my favorite smile quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Smile, and let the world wonder why-dd- Minnie Mouse (Disney) . Remember to smile-dd- Nelson Mandela . A smile cures the wounding of a frown-dd- William Shakespeare . One may smile, and smile, and be a villain-dd- William Shakespeare . Smile if you want a smile from another face-dd- Dalai Lama . My practice when I see someone, is to smile-dd- Dalai Lama . I have many problems in life-dd- But my lips don’t know that-dd- They always smile-dd- Charlie Chaplin . Man is here for the sake of other men – above all for those upon whose smiles and well-being our own happiness depends-dd- Albert Einstein . It was only a sunny smile, and little it cost in the giving, but like morning light it scattered the night and made the day worth living-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . If you have only one smile in you, give it to the people you love-dd- Don’t be surly at home, then go out in the street and start grinning ‘Good morning’ at total strangers-dd- Maya Angelou . A smile is the best makeup any girl can wear-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Children show me in their playful smiles the divine in everyone-dd- Michael Jackson . You gotta be able to smile through all this bullshit-dd- Tupac Shakur . I silently smiled at my incessant good fortune-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been-dd- Mark Twain . The robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief-dd- William Shakespeare . Start every day with a smile and get it over with-dd- W-dd-C-dd- Fields . It seems to me that what we call beauty in a face lies in the smile-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Count your age by friends, not years-dd- Count your life by smiles, not tears-dd- John Lennon . Smile to the future and it will smile back to you-dd- Yoko Ono . Smile, it’s free therapy-dd- Douglas Horton . Smile is the beauty of the soul-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . An honest smile is an icebreaker-dd- Toba Beta . Every smile makes you a day younger-dd- Chinese proverb . When a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully-dd- Steve Maraboli . Smile more-dd- Smiling can make you and others happy-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Just one smile immensely increases the beauty of the universe-dd- Sri Chinmoy . Smile is a good reply to the dark world-dd- Mehmet Murat Ildan . Smiling resets your mood-dd- Joel Osteen . The simplest positive action is a smile-dd- Maxime Lagacé . A laugh is a smile out of control-dd- Wyatt B-dd- Pringle Jr . You are not fully dressed until you wear a smile-dd- Evan Esar . Everyone smiles in the same language-dd- George Carlin . Smile-dd- Be open and welcoming-dd- Ephraim Buchwald . Everywhere you go, take a smile with you-dd- Sasha Azevedo . A smile is a curve that sets everything straight-dd- Phyllis Diller . Smile-xx- It increases your face value-dd- Robert Harling . There is no angry way to say bubbles-dd- Unknown . Smile big-dd- Laugh often-dd- Never take this life for granted-dd- Unknown . 7 billion smiles, and yours is my favorite-dd- Unknown . I love those random memories that make me smile-dd- Unknown . There is always a reason to smile-dd- Find it-dd- Unknown . Smile-dd- It intimidates those who wish to destroy you-dd- Unknown . Most smiles are started by another smile-dd- Unknown . A smile is the shortest distance between two people-dd- Unknown . A smile is the prettiest thing you can wear-dd- Unknown . A smile confuses an approaching frown-dd- Unknown . Life is like a mirror, we get the best results when we smile at it-dd- Unknown . The world always looks brighter from behind a smile-dd- Unknown . A smile is the best defense against in an offensive world-dd- Unknown . Life is short-dd- Smile while you still have teeth-dd- Unknown . Smiles are free but they are worth a lot-dd- Unknown . Keep walking and keep smiling-dd- Tiny Tim . Look back, and smile on perils past-dd- Walter Scott . Arrogance frowns; pride smiles-dd- Mason Cooley . Smile, it is the key that fits the lock of everybody’s heart-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . My mom smiled at me-dd- Her smile kind of hugged me-dd- R-dd-J-dd- Palacio . Be the living expression of God’s kindness; kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile-dd- Mother Teresa . Lighten up, just enjoy life, smile more, laugh more, and don’t get so worked up about things-dd- Kenneth Branagh . Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available-dd- Jim Beggs . Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you-dd- Les Brown . The moment you wake up, right away, you can smile-dd- That’s a smile of enlightenment-dd- You are aware that a new day is beginning, that life is offering you twenty-four brand-new hours to live, and that that’s the most precious of gifts-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around-dd- Leo F-dd- Buscaglia . The value of a smile… It costs nothing, but creates much-dd- It enriches those who receive, without impoverishing those who give-dd- It happens in a flash and the memory of it sometimes lasts forever-dd- None are so rich they can get along without it, and none so poor but are richer for its benefits-dd- It creates happiness in the home, fosters good will in a business, and is the countersign of friends-dd- Dale Carnegie . When things are difficult, smile by faith-dd- Don’t wait until you feel better-dd- Joel Osteen . Just for today, smile a little more-dd- Just for today, ask someone how he or she is really doing-dd- Just for today, remember, while some may have it better than you do, there are others whom definitely have it worse than you-xx- Just for today, just let go, just for today… James A-dd- Murphy . We divided ourselves among caste, creed, culture and countries but what is undivided remains most valuable: a mere smile and the love-dd- Santosh Kalwar . You’ve got a lot of choices-dd- If getting out of bed in the morning is a chore and you’re not smiling on a regular basis, try another choice-dd- Steven D-dd- Woodhull . Man becomes truly free when his is able to overcome the fear of judgment and that of falling behind-dd- Because only then is he able to set aside his pride, learn from mistakes, and keep a his smile no matter what-dd- Patricio Telman Chincocolo . Peace is the beauty of life-dd- It is sunshine-dd- It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family-dd- It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth-dd- Menachem Begin . A smile remains the most inexpensive gift I can bestow on anyone and yet its powers can vanquish kingdoms-dd- Og Mandino . Learn to smile at every situation-dd- See it as an opportunity to prove your strength and ability-dd- Joe Brown . A gentle word, a kind look, a good-natured smile can work wonders and accomplish miracles-dd- William Hazlitt . You’re never fully dressed without a smile-dd- Martin Charnin . Smile, happiness looks gorgeous on you-dd- Unknown . You are somebody’s reason to smile-dd- Unknown . Gratitude paints little smiley faces on everything it touches-dd- Richelle E-dd- Goodrich . You can only hold a smile for so long, after that it’s just teeth-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . People who keep stiff upper lips find that it’s damn hard to smile-dd- Judith Guest . If you haven’t seen your wife smile at a traffic cop, you haven’t seen her smile her prettiest-dd- Kin Hubbard . Keep smiling-dd- It makes people wonder what you are up to-dd- Unknown . A smile is an inexpensive way to change your looks-dd- Charles Gordy . The flower in the vase smiles, but no longer laughs-dd- Malcolm De Chazal . A smile is a powerful weapon; you can even break ice with it-dd- Unknown . If you’re reading this… Congratulations, you’re alive-dd- If that’s not something to smile about, then I don’t know what is-dd- Chad Sugg . Your wrinkles either show that you’re nasty, cranky, and senile, or that you’re always smiling-dd- Carlos Santana . The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on-dd- Robert Bloch . People seldom notice old clothes if you wear a big smile-dd- Milton A-dd- Lee . Beauty is power; a smile is its sword-dd- John Ray . Smiling is confusing, she thought-dd- This is why I don’t do it-dd- Rainbow Rowell . Nothing shakes the smiling heart-dd- Santosh Kalwar . Your smile is the ultimate golden dream-dd- All the poems in the world are waking up from-dd- Sanober Khan . You don’t have to be happy to smile-dd- Daniel Willey . You’ll find that life is still worthwhile, if you just smile-dd- Charlie Chaplin . Sweetest smile is made saddest tear-drop-dd- Edwin Arnold . Nostalgia paints a smile on the stony face of the past-dd- Mason Cooley . For Beauty’s tears are lovelier than her smile-dd- Thomas Campbell . God’s first Smile was born the day humanity awoke to His Light-dd- Sri Chinmoy . Those who weep recover more quickly than those who smile-dd- Jean Giraudoux . I do not want a friend who smiles when I smile, who weeps when I weep; for my shadow in the pool can do better than that-dd- Confucius . Silence and smiles are two powerful tools-dd- Unknown . Smiling is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to hide every pain-dd- Unknown . Breathing in, I calm body and mind-dd- Breathing out, I smile-dd- Dwelling in the present moment I know this is the only moment-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . You need to smile to your sorrow because you are more than your sorrow-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . We have a lamp inside us-dd- The oil of that lamp is our breathing, our steps, and our peaceful smile-dd- Our practice is to light up the lamp-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Don’t take the ego too seriously-dd- When you detect egoic behavior in yourself, smile-dd- At times you may even laugh-dd- Eckhart Tolle . When you smile at a stranger, there is already a minute outflow of energy-dd- You become a giver-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Stop-dd- Take 3 deep breaths and smile everywhere in your body, observing what’s happening in your body-dd- Proceed now with kindness and understanding-dd- Deepak Chopra . Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . Never cry because you have mountains of problem in your hands to solve-dd- Always smile because each problems will someday resolve-dd- Santosh Kalwar . Her smile, which was her pretty feature, was never so pretty as when her sprightly phrase had a scratch lurking in it-dd- Henry James . The smile that is worth the praises of earth is the smile that shines through tears-dd- Ella Wheeler Wilcox . Smiling away your troubles requires a clear conscience that harbors no insincerity-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . Smile-dd- it’s the second best thing you can do with your lips-dd- Jill Shalvis . The weaker the country, the stronger the smile-dd- Howard E-dd- Koch . A smile is the chosen vehicle of all ambiguities-dd- Herman Melville . Colors are the smiles of nature-dd- Leigh Hunt . We bleed, we tremble; we forget, we smile – The mind turns fool, before the cheek is dry-dd- Edward Young . The teeth are smiling, but is the heart-qq- African proverb . If you smile when you are alone, then you really mean it-dd- Andy Rooney . Withhold a smile only when the smile can hurt someone-dd- Otherwise, let it bloom forth in a riot-dd- Vera Nazarian . Anyone can smile on their best day-dd- I like to meet a man who can smile on his worst-dd- Lauren Graham . There is thin line between smile and laughter-dd- Santosh Kalwar . Smiling doesn’t necessarily mean you’re happy-dd- Sometimes it just means you’re strong-dd- Unknown . If someone is too tired to give you a smile, leave one of your own, because no one needs a smile as much as those who have none to give-dd- Samson Raphael Hirsch . You will never get everything in life but you will get enough-dd- Sanhita Baruah . When someone is rude, keep a smile on your face-dd- When you stay on the high road & keep your joy, you take away their power-dd- Joel Osteen . If you are too busy to laugh, you are too busy-dd- Unknown . The world is like a mirror; frown at it, and it frowns at you-dd- Smile and it smiles, too-dd- Herbert Samuel . Something of a person’s character may be observed by how they smile-dd- Christian Nestell Bovee . More can be taught with a single smile than with a whole year worth of lessons-dd- Anthony T-dd- Hincks . No matter how fleeting, your smile is, your smile is the very beginning of your wisdom-light-dd- Sri Chinmoy . There is little success where there is little laughter-dd- Andrew Carnegie . You shouldn’t never regret something that made you smile-dd- Bei Maejor . Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . I was smiling yesterday,I am smiling today and I will smile tomorrow-dd-Simply because life is too short to cry for anything-dd- Santosh Kalwar . If you’ve got nothing to dance about, find a reason to sing-dd- Melody Carstairs . The people who make you smile from just seeing them, those are my favorite people-dd- Koi Fresco . The face of a truly happy man seldom lacks smiles-dd- Ogwo David Emenike . It’s the most simplest of things that will always produce the biggest of smiles-dd- Anthony T-dd- Hincks . A smile is happiness you will find right under your nose-dd- Tom Wilson . You’ve probably noticed how when someone says hello or smiles at you, your automatic reaction is to say hello or smile back-dd- Shawn Achor . Everyone should smile-dd- Life really isn’t that serious-dd- We make it hard-dd- The sun rises-dd- The sun sets-dd- We just tend to complicate the process-dd- Unknown . When you smile and project an aura of warmth, kindness, and friendliness, you will attract warms, kindness, and friendliness-dd- Happy people will be drawn to you-dd- Joel Osteen . To be able to throw one’s self away for the sake of a moment, to be able to sacrifice years for a woman’s smile – that is happiness-dd- Hermann Hesse . What’s the use of worrying-qq- It never was worth while, so pack up your troubles in your old kit-bag, and smile, smile, smile-dd- George Henry Powell . It isn’t what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy-dd- It is what you think about-dd- Dale Carnegie . Always keep your smile-dd- That’s how I explain my long life-dd- Jeanne Calment . When we learn to smile at life, we shall find that the problems we encounter dissolve-dd- Donald Curtis . I want to touch the heart of the world and make it smile-dd- Charles de Lint . Waking up this morning, I smile-dd- Twenty-four brand new hours are before me-dd- I vow to live fully in each moment and to look at all beings with eyes of compassion-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . The most wasted of all days is one without laughter-dd- E-dd- E-dd- cummings . Man, when you lose your laugh you lose your footing-dd- Ken Kesey . Life is like a mirror-dd- Smile at it and it smiles back at you-dd- Peace Pilgrim . Remember that there is no happiness in having or in getting, but only in giving-dd- Og Mandino . Whoever is happy will make others happy too-dd- Unknown . Whatever happens, just keep smiling and lose yourself in love-dd- Rumi . Oh no-dd- Don’t smile-dd- You’ll kill me-dd- I stop breathing when you smile-dd- Tessa Dare . Smiles are the language of love-dd- David Hare . Thank you for being the reason I smile-dd- Unknown . When I saw you I fell in love and you smiled because you knew-dd- William Shakespeare . Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing-dd- Mother Teresa . I wondered if my smile was as big as hers-dd- Maybe as big-dd- But not as beautiful-dd- Benjamin Alire Sáenz . More smiling, less worrying-dd- More compassion, less judgement-dd- More blessed, less stressed-dd- More love, less hate-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Before I met you, I never knew what it was like to be able to look at someone and smile for no reason-dd- Unknown . Every morning when I wake up, I kiss her forehead as symbol of gratitude and appreciation and she repays me back with a lovely smile-dd- M-dd-F-dd- Moonzajer . Smile at each other-dd- Smile at your wife, smile at your husband, smile at your children, smile at each other – it doesn’t matter who it is – and that will help to grow up in greater love for each other-dd- Mother Teresa . There is no weapon in the feminine armory to which men are so vulnerable as they are to a smile-dd- Dorothy Dix . It doesn’t matter who hurt you, or broke you down, what matters is who made you smile again-dd- Unknown . Some people make your laugh a little louder, your smile a little brighter, and your life a little better-dd- Unknown . When I want to smile, I know exactly what to do, I just close my eyes and I think of you-dd- Unknown . But you’re so busy changing the world-dd- Just one smile can change all of mine-dd- Jack Johnson . Make her smile, make her laugh and make her happy; because this is the only Truth-dd- Sameh Elsayed . Because If you ever think of me in the future I want you to remember me smiling-dd- Eiichirō Oda . A quick smile is more seductive than a slinky dress-dd- Mason Cooley . Hide your craziness behind a beautiful smile-dd- That’s all you need-dd- Paulo Coelho . Nothing is more beautiful than a smile that has struggled through tears-dd- Demi Lovato . Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face-dd- Victor Hugo . I think that anybody that smiles automatically looks better-dd- Diane Lane . Youth smiles without any reason-dd- It is one of its chiefest charms-dd- Thomas Gray . Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies-dd- If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that’s beautiful-dd- Rashida Jones . It was sweet and lovely, that smile, perhaps the more so because it wasn’t complicated by much in the way of thought-dd- Stephen King . There’s nothing more satisfying than seeing a happy and smiling child-dd- I always help in any way I can, even if it’s just by signing an autograph-dd- A child’s smile is worth more than all the money in the world-dd- Lionel Messi . A beautiful smile is to the female countenance what the sunbeam is to the landscape; it embellishes an inferior face and redeems an ugly one-dd- Johann Kaspar Lavater . The most beautiful smile is the one for someone who isn’t there, who just popped on your mind-dd- Ahlam Mosteghanemi . I’ve never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful-dd- Unknown . But, my God, it’s so beautiful when the boy smiles-dd- Anna Nalick . I add a smile to everything I wear and that has worked great for me-dd- David White . Have you ever noticed, the saddest person has the most beautiful smile-dd- Kid Cudi . The person who can bring the spirit of laughter into a room is indeed blessed-dd- Bennett Cerf . The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter-dd- Mark Twain . Eccedentesiast: Someone who hides pain behind a smile-dd- . A fake smile can hide a million tears-dd- Ben Barnes . I am intrigued by the smile upon your face, and the sadness within your eyes-dd- Jeremy Aldana . A smile is the best way to get away with trouble even if it’s a fake one-dd- Masashi Kishimoto . I can calculate everything even the velocity of light but can’t calculate the “Hate” of people behind their smile-dd- Albert Einstein . It’s not a fake smile, it’s called having manners and being polite-dd- It’s human instinct-dd- Daniel Craig . You can only put on a fake smile for so long, then the truth begins to be disclosed-dd- John Corner . Fake a frown, you hurt others-dd- Fake a smile, you hurt yourself-dd- Sarah Parker . Behind my smile, there’s a story you would never understand-dd- Unknown . Smiling has always been easier than explaining why you’re sad-dd- Unknown . We can always smile, but that doesn’t mean that our hearts are not shedding tears-dd- Unknown . You can fake a smile but you can’t fake your feelings-dd- Aaron Abelson . I would rather wear honest tears than the most beautiful and elaborately faked smile-dd- Tyler Knott Gregson . Gimme an honest frown over a false smile, any day-dd- Gregory David Roberts . Be the reason someone smiles today-dd- Unknown . Share your smile with the world-dd- It’s a symbol of friendship and peace-dd- Christie Brinkley . I have witnessed the softening of the hardest of hearts by a simple smile-dd- Goldie Hawn . Today, give a stranger one of your smiles-dd- It might be the only sunshine he sees all day-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr . As long as you live keep smiling because it brightens everybody’s day-dd- Vin Scully . Smile, for everyone lacks self-confidence and more than any other one thing a smile reassures them-dd- Andre Maurois . A simple smile, a cheerful hello or a word of encouragement-dd- It’s amazing what an impact you will have-dd- Zig Ziglar . A smile is often the key thing-dd- One is paid with a smile-dd- One is rewarded with a smile-dd- One is brightened by a smile-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Focus on giving smiles away and you will always discover that your own smiles will always be in great supply-xx- Joyce Meyer . By sharing a kind smile, a kind word, a kind hug, you are lifting up others and thus lifting up the world-dd- Carol CC Miller . Always wear a smile, because your smile is a reason for many others to smile-xx- A-dd-A-dd- Milne (Winnie The Pooh) . A smile puts you on the right track-dd- A smile makes the world a beautiful place-dd- When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . When you start giving, instead of getting, you make a difference-dd- You can always give a warm smile, a sincere hello, a positive vibe… your attention, your time, your love, and kindness to those around you-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . One word can give someone the strength they needed at that moment or it can shred them down to nothing-dd- A single smile can turn a bad moment good-dd- Sherrilyn Kenyon . If in our daily life we can smile, if we can be peaceful and happy, not only we, but everyone will profit from it-dd- This is the most basic kind of peace work-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . It’s hard not to feel happy when you make someone smile-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Be the reason someone smiles-dd- Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . For a moment at least, be a smile on someone else’s face-dd- Dejan Stojanovic . Smile, it is the key that fits the lock of everybody’s heart-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . A beautiful smile without any reason is the smile of the existence-xx- Mehmet Murat Ildan . Be someone else’s sunshine-dd- be the reason someone smiles today-dd- Unknown . Your smile may be the sunshine of someone’s day-dd- Unknown . Anyone who has a continuous smile on his face conceals a toughness that is almost frightening-dd- Greta Garbo . It only takes a split second to smile and forget, yet to someone that needed it, it can last a lifetime-dd- Steve Maraboli . Let us make one point, that we meet each other with a smile, when it is difficult to smile-dd- Smile at each other, make time for each other in your family-dd- Mother Teresa . The muscles used to make a smile actually send a biochemical message to our nervous system that it is safe to relax the flight of freeze response-dd- Tara Brach (Smile Guided Meditation) . Serenity is contagious-dd- If we smile at someone, he or she will smile back-dd- And a smile costs nothing-dd- We should plague everyone with joy-dd- If we are to die in a minute, why not die happily, laughing-qq- Swami Satchidananda . An intelligent person, looking out of his eyes and hearkening in his ears, with a smile on his face all the time, will get more true education than many another in a life of heroic vigils-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . Sometimes you have to smile by faith-dd- If you’ll smile by faith, soon the joy will follow-dd- Joel Osteen . Nobody needs a smile so much as the one who has none to give-dd- So get used to smiling heart-warming smiles, and you will spread sunshine in a sometimes dreary world-dd- Lawrence G-dd- Lovasik . Few things in the world are more powerful than a positive push-dd- A smile-dd- A world of optimism and hope-dd- A “you can do it” when things are tough-dd- Richard DeVos . It’s nice to have someone in your life who can make you smile even when they’re not around-dd- Unknown . Of all the things you wear, your expression is the most important-dd- Janet Lane . Do not listen to those who weep and complain, for their disease is contagious-dd- Og Mandino . How slight a nod it would take, how bare a smile, to give everyone you meet today a sense of worth-dd- Robert Brault . A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside-dd- Denis Waitley . Life is short-dd- Break the rules-dd- Forgive quickly-dd- Kiss slowly-dd- Love truly-dd- Laugh uncontrollably and never regret anything that makes you smile-dd- Mark Twain . 