With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . You have power over your mind – not outside events-dd- Realize this, and you will find strength-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Mastering others is strength, mastering yourself is true power-dd- Lao Tzu . Fall seven times, stand up eight-dd- Japanese proverb . It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves-dd- Edmund Hillary . No one saves us but ourselves-dd- No one can and no one may-dd- We ourselves must walk the path-dd- Buddha . You never know how strong you are, until being strong is your only choice-dd- Bob Marley . Shallow men believe in luck-dd- Strong men believe in cause and effect-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go-dd- Hermann Hesse . Be patient and tough; someday this pain will be useful to you-dd- Ovid . Strength is a matter of a made up mind-dd- John Beecher . The more you care, the stronger you can be-dd- Jim Rohn . Life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity and stumble from defeat to defeat-dd- Anais Nin . There are two ways of exerting one’s strength: one is pushing down, the other is pulling up-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue-dd- Realize the strength, move on-dd- Henry Rollins . The past is your lesson-dd- The present is your gift-dd- The future is your motivation-dd- Unknown . Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity-dd- Louis Pasteur . We do not have to become heroes overnight-dd- Just a step at a time, meeting each thing that comes up, seeing it is not as dreadful as it appeared, discovering we have the strength to stare it down-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Do not pray for an easy life-dd- Pray for the strength to endure a difficult one-dd- Bruce Lee . Silence is a source of great strength-dd- Lao Tzu . A hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles-dd- Christopher Reeve . For what it’s worth: it’s never too late to be whoever you want to be-dd- I hope you live a life you’re proud of, and if you find you’re not, I hope you have the strength to start over again-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . You will never do anything in the world without courage-dd- It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor-dd- Aristotle . Courage isn’t having the strength to go on, it is going on when you don’t have the strength-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . He who believes is strong; he who doubts is weak-dd- Strong convictions precede great actions-dd- Louisa May Alcott . There are dark shadows on the earth, but its lights are stronger in the contrast-dd- Charles Dickens . If you haven’t the strength to impose your own terms upon life, then you must accept the terms it offers you-dd- T-dd-S-dd- Eliot . One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well-dd- Vincent van Gogh . When we long for life without difficulties, remind us that oaks grow strong in contrary winds and diamonds are made under pressure-dd- Peter Marshall . Yielding will overcome anything superior to itself; its strength is boundless-dd- Bruce Lee . The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection-dd- Thomas Paine . This is the mark of a really admirable man: steadfastness in the face of trouble-dd- Ludwig van Beethoven (This is one of my favorite strength quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence-dd- Dalai Lama . Where there is no struggle, there is no strength-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Strength does not come from physical capacity-dd- It comes from an indomitable will-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Kites rise highest against the wind – not with it-dd- Winston Churchill . Continuous effort – not strength or intelligence – is the key to unlocking our potential-dd- Winston Churchill . This is no time for ease and comfort-dd- It is time to dare and endure-dd- Winston Churchill . Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Only strength can cooperate-dd- Weakness can only beg-dd- Dwight D-dd- Eisenhower . You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face-dd- You are able to say to yourself, ‘I lived through this horror-dd- I can take the next thing that comes along-dd-’ Eleanor Roosevelt . If you can’t fly then run, if you can’t run then walk, if you can’t walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Strength does not come from winning-dd- Your struggles develop your strengths-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . As long as we persevere and endure, we can get anything we want-dd- Mike Tyson . I hated every minute of training, but I said, ‘Don’t quit-dd- Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion-dd- Muhammad Ali . Failure gave me strength-dd- Pain was my motivation-dd- Michael Jordan . I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . In the middle of a difficulty lies opportunity-dd- Albert Einstein . We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling (Harry Potter) . When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this: you haven’t-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character-dd- Arnold Palmer . The terrorists thought they would change my aims and stop my ambitions, but nothing changed in my life except this: weakness, fear and hopelessness died-dd- Strength, power and courage were born-dd- Malala Yousafzai . I would encourage us all, African Americans, Asians, Latinos, Whites, Native Americans to study history-dd- I long for the time when all the human history is taught as one history-dd- I am stronger because you are stronger-dd- I am weaker if you are weak-dd- So we are more alike than we are unlike-dd- Maya Angelou . No man has the right to be an amateur in the matter of physical training-dd- It is a shame for a man to grow old without seeing the beauty and strength of which his body is capable-dd- Socrates . Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Don’t give up the fight-dd- Stand up for your rights-dd- Bob Marley . That which does not kill us makes us stronger-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Tough times never last, but tough people do-dd- Robert H-dd- Schuller . Do what is right, not what is easy-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . I like criticism-dd- It makes you strong-dd- LeBron James . Better to fight and fall than to live without hope-dd- Volsunga (Viking quotes) . People do not lack strength, they lack will-dd- Victor Hugo . Strength doesn’t come from winning-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . If you have no struggles, you’ll have no strength-dd- Tim Fargo . Never give up-dd- Great things take time-dd- Frank Zane . Growth is overrated-dd- Endurance is underrated-dd- Shane Parrish . I realized that my strength was being different-dd- Betsey Johnson . Problems are messages-dd- Shakti Gawain . Storms make trees take deeper roots-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . You are never given anything in this world that you can’t handle-dd- Unknown . Falling down is an accident-dd- Staying down is a choice-dd- Unknown . What you allow is what will continue-dd- Unknown . The only thing that can stop me, is me-dd- Unknown . Remember, when you forgive, you heal-dd- And when you let go, you grow-dd- Unknown . It will never be perfect-dd- Make it work-dd- Life . Adversity is the first path to truth-dd- Lord Byron . Stay strong-dd- Stand up-dd- Have a voice-dd- Shawn Johnson . You are the only you there is and ever will be-dd- Jen Sincero (You Are A Badass) . Heroism is endurance for one moment more-dd- George F-dd- Kennan . Problems are the price you pay for progress-dd- Branch Rickey . Freedom comes from strength and self-reliance-dd- Lisa Murkowski . If one suffers we all suffer-dd- Togetherness is strength-dd- Courage-dd- Jean-Bertrand Aristide . Strength of mind is exercise, not rest-dd- Alexander Pope . When the going gets tough, the tough get going-dd- Joseph Kennedy . This too shall pass away-dd- Ella Wheeler Wilcox . A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do-dd- Walter Bagehot . I’ve never met a strong person with an easy past-dd- Atticus . It’s not always necessary to be strong, but to feel strong-dd- Jon Krakauer (Into The Wild) . Being mentally strong doesn’t mean you won’t feel afraid-dd- Instead, mental strength is about feeling afraid and doing it anyway-dd- Amy Morin . Be strong-dd- Live honorably and with dignity-dd- When you don’t think you can, hold on-dd- James Frey . Make up your mind that no matter what comes your way, no matter how difficult, no matter how unfair, you will do more than simply survive-dd- You will thrive in spite of it-dd- Joel Osteen . Stand up to your obstacles and do something about them-dd- You will find that they haven’t half the strength you think they have-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Leverage the strength that you have: that no one else can be you-dd- Todd Wheatland . Life is very interesting-dd- In the end, some of your greatest pains become your greatest strengths-dd- Drew Barrymore . In times of crisis, people reach for meaning-dd- Meaning is strength-dd- Our survival may depend on our seeking and finding it-dd- Dawna Markova . May you grow up to be righteous, may you grow up to be true-dd- May you always know the truth and see the lights surrounding you-dd- May you always be courageous, stand upright and be strong-dd- May you stay forever young-dd- Bob Dylan . We are stronger, gentler, more resilient, and more beautiful than any of us imagine-dd- Mark Nepo . You have been chosen, and you must therefore use such strength and heart and wits as you have-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . The strongest people are not those who show strength in front of us, but those who win battles we know nothing about-dd- Unknown . Be gentle with yourself-dd- You’re doing the best you can-dd- Unknown . Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise-dd- Unknown . The task ahead of you is never greater than the strength within you-dd- Unknown . Smiles can hide so much; fear, pain, sadness, tears-dd- But than again they reflect one thing: strength-dd- Unknown . Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage-dd- The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict-dd- William Ellery Channing . Make mistakes of ambition and not mistakes of sloth-dd- Develop the strength to do bold things, not the strength to suffer-dd- Niccolò Machiavelli . In the mountains of truth you will never climb in vain; either you will get up higher today or you will exercise your strength so as to be able to get up higher tomorrow-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Be soft-dd- Do not let the world make you hard-dd- Do not let the pain make you hate-dd- Do not let the bitterness steal your sweetness-dd- Take pride that even though the rest of the world may disagree, you still believe it to be a beautiful place-dd- Iain Thomas . Life is a storm that will test you unceasingly-dd- Don’t wait for calm waters that may not arrive-dd- Derive purpose from resilience-dd- Learn to sail the raging sea-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Every great dream begins with a dreamer-dd- Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world-dd- Harriet Tubman . We don’t even know how strong we are until we are forced to bring that hidden strength forward-dd- Isabel Allende . When adversity strikes, that’s when you have to be the most calm-dd- Take a step back, stay strong, stay grounded and press on-dd- LL Cool J . The man who has done his best has done everything-dd- Charles M-dd- Schwab . Perhaps I am stronger than I think-dd- Thomas Merton . When your dreams turn to dust, vacuum-dd- Unknown . Bad is never good until worse happens-dd- Danish proverb . There’s nothing that cleanses your soul like getting the hell kicked out of you-dd- Woody Hayes . All the adversity I’ve had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me… You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you-dd- Walt Disney . I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind-dd- Some come from ahead and some come from behind-dd- But I’ve bought a big bat-dd- I’m all ready you see-dd- Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me-xx- Dr-dd- Seuss . Atheism shows strength of mind, but only to a certain degree-dd- Blaise Pascal . Remember that guy that gave up-qq- Neither does anyone else-dd- Unknown . The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies-dd- Mother Teresa . The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother-dd- Charles Dickens . Too often the strong, silent man is silent only because he does not know what to say, and is reputed strong only because he has remained silent-dd- Winston Churchill . Strength lies in differences, not in similarities-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Strength doesn’t come from what you can do-dd- It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn’t-dd- Rikki Rogers . I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me-dd- Joshua Graham . Nothing is so strong as gentleness, nothing so gentle as real strength-dd- Francis De Sales . We draw our strength from the very despair in which we have been forced to live-dd- Cesar Chavez . It is not good to see people who have been pretending strength all their lives lose it even for a minute-dd- Lillian Hellman . War is peace-dd- Freedom is slavery-dd- Ignorance is strength-dd- George Orwell . Throw me to the wolves and I will return leading the pack-dd- Seneca . It is the weak man who urges compromise – never the strong man-dd- Elbert Hubbard . In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer-dd- Albert Camus . The strength in power is knowing when not to use it-dd- Unknown . Strength is nothing more than how well you hide the pain-dd- Unknown . Where is the man who has the strength to be true, and to show himself as he is-qq- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home-dd- Confucius . Patience and time do more than strength or passion-dd- Jean de La Fontaine . Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty-dd- John Ruskin . He who has a why to live can bear almost any how-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Fortitude is the guard and support of the other virtues-dd- John Locke . Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, for wise men say it is the wisest course-dd- William Shakespeare . To have become a deeper man is the privilege of those who have suffered-dd- Oscar Wilde . Success is achieved by developing our strengths, not by eliminating our weaknesses-dd- Marilyn vos Savant . You can’t really be strong until you see a funny side to things-dd- Ken Kesey . Every strength is also a weakness-dd- The opposite is true as well-dd- Neil Strauss . Humility teaches courage-dd- Weakness teaches strength-dd- And grief teaches love-dd- So you must treasure them, not hate yourself for them-dd- Umair Haque . Those who contemplate the beauty of the earth find reserves of strength that will endure as long as life lasts-dd- Rachel Carson . The struggle you’re in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow-dd- Robert Tew . If you would know strength and patience, welcome the company of trees-dd- Hal Borland . We gain the strength of the temptation we resist-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Strength does not have to be belligerent and loud-dd- Russell Brand . Humility to learn-dd- Strength to endure-dd- Vision to transform-dd- Will to act-dd- Virtue to act rightly-dd- Wisdom to accept the inevitable-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Accepting the inevitable is the beginning of strength and freedom-dd- Embrace all chaos that is out of your control-dd- This is how it is-dd- Why should it be otherwise-qq- The Stoic Emperor . Nothing in the world is more yielding and softer than water; yet it penetrates the hardest-dd- Insubstantial, it enters where no room is-dd- It is so fine that it is impossible to grasp a handful of it; strike it, yet it does not suffer hurt; stab it, and it is not wounded-dd- Bruce Lee . The strongest is he that makes use of his opponent’s strength — be the bamboo tree which bends toward the wind; and when the wind ceases, it springs back stronger than before-dd- Bruce Lee . Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul-dd- John Muir . The five separate fingers are five independent units-dd- Close them and the fist multiplies strength-dd- This is organization-dd- James Cash Penney . The undertaking of a new action brings new strength-dd- Richard L-dd- Evans . A single twig breaks, but the bundle of twigs is strong-dd- Tecumseh . I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders-dd- Jewish proverb . One may go a long way after one is tired-dd- French proverb . God gave burdens, also shoulders-dd- Yiddish proverb . The bamboo that bends is stronger than the oak that resists-dd- Japanese proverb . Life doesn’t get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient-dd- Steve Maraboli . Nothing has more strength than dire necessity-dd- Euripides . Scared is what you’re feeling-dd- Brave is what you’re doing-dd- Emma Donoghue . Work is not man’s punishment-dd- It is his reward and his strength and his pleasure-dd- George Sand . Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow; it empties today of its strength-dd- Corrie Ten Boom . I don’t really want to become normal, average, standard-dd- I want merely to gain in strength, in the courage to live out my life more fully, enjoy more, experience more-dd- I want to develop even more original and more unconventional traits-dd- Anaïs Nin . When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid-dd- Audre Lorde . The solution to most of our deepest troubles is simple, human courage-dd- The courage to look inward-dd- The courage to take those first bold steps-dd- The courage to find the thing you fear most and charge heroically toward it-dd- Beau Taplin . Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear-dd- James Neil Hollingworth (Ambrose Redmoon) . Joy is prayer; joy is strength: joy is love; joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls-dd- Mother Teresa . The world is the great gymnasium where we come to make ourselves strong-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Our ability to handle life’s challenges is a measure of our strength of character-dd- Les Brown . There is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the will of others-dd- My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me-dd- Jane Austen . Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . “I’m gonna make you happy, but first, I’ll make you strong-dd-” said Life-dd- . Surprise yourself every day with your own courage-dd- Denholm Elliott . We don’t grow when things are easy-dd- We grow when we face challenges-dd- Unknown . Your body can stand almost anything-dd- It’s your mind that you have to convince-dd- Unknown . Promise me you’ll always remember: You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think-dd- Winnie the Pooh (A-dd- A-dd- Milne) . Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can’t practice any other virtue consistently-dd- Maya Angelou . He is greatest whose strength carries up the most hearts by the attraction of his own-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . He knows not his own strength who hath not met adversity-dd- William Samuel Johnson . Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway-dd- John Wayne . Let perseverance be your engine and hope your fuel-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr . Great works are performed, not by strength, but perseverance-dd- Samuel Johnson . Become a possibilitarian-dd- No matter how dark things seem to be or actually are, raise your sights and see the possibilities… always see them… for they’re always there-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle-dd- Napoleon Hill . A darkening hour is as much an opportunity for heroism as despair-dd- The Stoic Emperor . If you learn to really sit with loneliness and embrace it for the gift that it is… an opportunity to get to know you, to learn how strong you really are, to depend on no one but you for your happiness… you will realize that a little loneliness goes a long way in creating a richer, deeper, more vibrant and colorful you-dd- Mandy Hale . Continue to be true to yourself and the hard times will work themselves out-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd-In the end, life is about passion, and that is exactly what will help you get through the tough times-dd- Never forget that even in your darkest moments-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . Loneliness adds beauty to life-dd- It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better-dd- Henry Rollins . Remember never to say that you are alone, for you are not alone; nay, God is within, and your genius is within-dd- Epictetus . Sometimes is takes an overwhelming breakdown to have an undeniable breakthrough-dd- Unknown . The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal-dd- Criss Jami . Through every dark night, there’s a bright day after that-dd- So no matter how hard it get, stick your chest out, keep your head up, and handle it-dd- Tupac Shakur . Endurance is not just the ability to bear a hard thing, but to turn it into glory-dd- William Barclay . Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak-dd- Thomas Carlyle . I do believe in the old saying, ‘What does not kill you makes you stronger-dd-’ Our experiences, good and bad, make us who we are-dd- By overcoming difficulties, we gain strength and maturity-dd- Angelina Jolie . In solitude the mind gains strength and learns to lean upon itself-dd- Laurence Sterne . Anyone can give up; it’s the easiest thing in the world to do-dd- But to hold it together when everyone would expect you to fall apart, that’s true strength-dd- Chris Bradford . Every calamity is to be overcome by endurance-dd- Virgil . For a tree to become tall it must grow tough roots among the rocks-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . A diamond is a chunk of coal that did well under pressure-dd- Henry Kissinger . New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings-dd- Lao Tzu . The sun shines not on us but in us-dd- John Muir . What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality-dd- Otto Rank . The soul that is within me no man can degrade-dd- Frederick Douglass . Strength of mind rests in sobriety; for this keeps your reason unclouded by passion-dd- Pythagoras . One should be in harmony with, and not rebellion against, the strength of the opponent-dd- Bruce Lee . If we’re facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking-dd- Joseph Goldstein . As we advance in life it becomes more and more difficult, but in fighting the difficulties the inmost strength of the heart is developed-dd- Vincent van Gogh . Go within every day and find the inner strength so that the world will not blow your candle out-dd- Katherine Dunham . The turning point in the process of growing up is when you discover the core of strength within you that survives all hurt-dd- Max Lerner . No matter what kind of challenges or difficulties or painful situations you go through in your life, we all have something deep within us that we can reach down and find the inner strength to get through them-dd- Alana Stewart . When we meet real tragedy in life, we can react in two ways – either by losing hope and falling into self-destructive habits, or by using the challenge to find our inner strength-dd- Dalai Lama . It doesn’t take a lot of strength to hang on-dd- It takes a lot of strength to let go-dd- J-dd- C-dd- Watts . Be strong enough to let go and wise enough to wait for what you deserve-dd- Unknown . train your mind to keep calm in every situation-dd- Unknown . Few men during their lifetime come anywhere near exhausting the resources dwelling within them-dd- There are deep wells of strength that are never used-dd- Richard E-dd- Byrd . You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one-dd- J-dd-A-dd- Froude . Sometimes letting things go is an act of far greater power than defending or hanging on-dd- Eckhart Tolle . I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within-dd- It is there all the time-dd- Anna Freud . Give us grace and strength to forbear and to persevere-dd- Give us courage and gaiety and the quiet mind, spare to us our friends, soften to us our enemies-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . We will not find the inner strength to evolve to a higher level if we do not inwardly develop this profound feeling that there is something higher than ourselves-dd- Rudolf Steiner . A mind at peace, a mind centered and not focused on harming others, is stronger than any physical force in the universe-dd- Wayne Dyer . There is little that can withstand a man who can conquer himself-dd- Louis XIV . You have to rely on whatever sparks you have inside-dd- Lisa Kleypas . Deep roots are not reached by the frost-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . She was stronger alone-dd- Jane Austen . Tolerance is a virtue that depends upon peace and strength-dd- Charles Lindbergh . If your heart acquires strength, you will be able to remove blemishes from others without thinking evil of them-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Love is not just admiration for strength, it is also tolerance for weakness and recognition of ambivalence-dd- Alain de Botton . Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness-dd- They are a sign of a pure heart-dd- José N-dd- Harris . To be capable of steady friendship or lasting love, are the two greatest proofs, not only of goodness of heart, but of strength of mind-dd- William Hazlitt . Sometimes you just have to die a little inside in order to be reborn and rise again as a stronger and wiser version of you-dd- Unknown . The true mark of maturity is when somebody hurts you and you try to understand their situation instead of trying to hurt them back-dd- Unknown . Being single doesn’t mean you’re weak, it means that you’re strong enough to wait for the right person-dd- Niall Horan . Grudges are for those who insist that they are owed something; forgiveness, however, is for those who are substantial enough to move on-dd- Criss Jami . Nothing is more beautiful than the smile that has struggled through the tears-dd- Demi Lovato . If I am to be fallen into love, I will-dd- And if as a result I will appear to be stupid, disillusioned, and of poor judgment, I will-dd- And I would be damned if I cared what other people think-dd- For I would rather be thought of as all of these things, than not love-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her-dd- Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . You have to love-dd- You have to feel-dd- It is the reason you are here on earth-dd- You are here to risk your heart-dd- Louise Erdrich . It gives me strength to have somebody to fight for; I can never fight for myself, but, for others, I can kill-dd- Emilie Autumn . It’s not that you should never love something so much that it can control you-dd- It’s that you need to love something that much so you can never be controlled-dd- It’s not a weakness-dd- It’s your best strength-dd- Patrick Ness . If you have been brutally broken but still have the courage to be gentle to other living beings, than you’re a badass with a heart of an angel-dd- Keanu Reeves . And now I’ll do what’s best for me-dd- Unknown . Prayer is man’s greatest power-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . Without self-confidence we are as babes in the cradle-dd- Virginia Woolf . The fewer the words, the better the prayer-dd- Martin Luther . Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage-dd- Lao Tzu . Let me not beg for the stilling of my pain but for the heart to conquer it-dd- Let me not look for allies in life’s battlefield but to my own strength-dd- Let me not crave in anxious fear to be saved but hope for the patience to win my freedom-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . A single grateful thought toward heaven is the most perfect prayer-dd- Gotthold Ephraim Lessing . Prayer is the greater work-dd- Oswald Chambers . Everything comes to you in the right moment-dd- Be patient-dd- Be grateful-dd- Unknown . When you have lost hope, you have lost everything-dd- And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope-dd- Pittacus Lore . Remember, the storm is a good opportunity for the pine and the cypress to show their strength and their stability-dd- Ho Chi Minh . Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light-dd- Helen Keller . Physical strength can never permanently withstand the impact of spiritual force-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Any concern too small to be turned into a prayer is too small to be made into a burden-dd- Corrie Ten Boom . Faith gives you an inner strength and a sense of balance and perspective in life-dd- Gregory Peck . Is prayer your steering wheel or your spare tire-qq- Corrie ten Boom . Time spent in prayer is never wasted-dd- Francis Fenelon . God give me strength to face a fact though it slay me-dd- Thomas Huxley . God has always given me the strength to say what is right-dd- Rosa Parks . God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, courage to change the things I can, and wisdom to know the difference-dd- Reinhold Niebuhr (Serenity Prayer, https://en-dd-wikipedia-dd-org/wiki/Serenity_Prayer) . God, our Creator, has stored within our minds and personalities, great potential strength and ability-dd- Prayer helps us tap and develop these powers-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . A key to strengthening spiritual muscles and enduring hardship is finding strength in the Word of God-dd- Walter Martin . In all my perplexities and distresses, the Bible has never failed to give me light and strength-dd- Robert E-dd- Lee . The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . A tree says: My strength is trust-dd- I know nothing about my fathers, I know nothing about the thousand children that every year spring out of me-dd- I live out the secret of my seed to the very end, and I care for nothing else-dd- I trust that God is in me-dd- Herman Hesse . God, grant me strength to accept those things I cannot change-dd- Dan Brown . God does nothing except in response to believing prayer-dd- John Wesley . Some of God’s greatest gifts are unanswered prayers-dd- Garth Brooks . Infinite strength is religion and God-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Prayer is the nearest approach to God-dd- William Law . Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you-dd- 1 Peter 5:7 . My presence will go with you, and I will give you rest-dd- Exodus 33:14 . Do not grieve, for the joy of the Lord is your strength-dd- Nehemiah 8:10 . The name of the Lord is a strong tower; the righteous run into it and are safe-dd- Proverbs 18:10 . So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God-dd- I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand-dd- Isaiah 41:10 . In repentance and rest is your salvation, in quietness and trust is your strength-dd- Isaiah 30:15 . He gives power to the weak and strength to the powerless-dd- Isaiah 40:29 . When I called, you answered me; you made me bold and stouthearted-dd- Psalm 138:3 . When the righteous cry for help, the Lord hears, and rescues them from all their troubles-dd- Psalm 34:17 . The Lord is a refuge for the oppressed, a stronghold in times of trouble-dd- Psalm 9:9-10 . God is our refuge and strength, an ever-present help in trouble-dd- Psalm 46:1 . I can do all this through him who gives me strength-dd- Philippians 4:13 . Whoever brought me here, will have to take me home-dd- Rumi . I worshipped dead men for their strength, forgetting I was strong-dd- Vita Sackville-West . The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched, but are felt in the heart-dd- Helen Keller . For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one-dd- Kahlil Gibran . We meet but briefly in life, if we touch each other with stardust – that is everything-dd- Unknown . A death is not the extinguishing of a light, but the putting out of the lamp because the dawn has come-dd- Unknown . We all die-dd- The goal isn’t to live forever, the goal is to create something that will-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Life is a dream walking, death is a going home-dd- Chinese proverb . Only people who are capable of loving strongly can also suffer great sorrow, but this same necessity of loving serves to counteract their grief and heals them-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Unable are the loved to die-dd- For love is immortality-dd- Emily Dickinson . The world is full of suffering-dd- It is also full of overcoming-dd- Helen Keller . What we have once enjoyed, we can never lose-dd- All that we love deeply becomes part of us-dd- Helen Keller . If life must not be taken too seriously, then so neither must death-dd- Samuel Butler . The wound is the place where the light enters you-dd- Rumi . When life kicks you, let it kick you forward-dd- Kay Yow . Healing yourself is connected with healing others-dd- Yoko Ono . When the unthinkable happens, the lighthouse is hope-dd- Once we choose hope, everything is possible-dd- Christopher Reeve . Your past has given you the strength and wisdom you have today, so celebrate it-dd- Don’t let it haunt you-dd- . I believe it to be a primary principle of success; ‘mens sana in corpora sano’ — a sound mind in a sound body-dd- The mind in a weak body produces weak ideas; a strong body gives strength to the thought of the mind-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . You are strong when you know your weaknesses-dd- You are beautiful when you appreciate your flaws-dd- You are wise when you learn from your mistakes-dd- Unknown . You wake up every morning to fight the same demons that left you so tired the night before, and that, my love, is bravery-dd- Unknown . Healing takes courage, and we all have courage, even if we have to dig a little to find it-dd- Tori Amos . You can’t calm the storm, so stop trying-dd- What you can do is calm yourself-dd- The storm will pass-dd- Timber Hawkeye . Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come-dd- You wait and watch and work; you don’t give up-dd- Anne Lamott . Healing requires from us to stop struggling, but to enjoy life more and endure it less-dd- Darina Stoyanova . Good humor is a tonic for mind and body-dd- It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression-dd- It is a business asset-dd- It attracts and keep friends-dd- It lightens human burdens-dd- It is the direct route to serenity and contentment-dd- Greenville Kleisser . Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear-dd- If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . There is an alchemy in sorrow-dd- It can be transmuted into wisdom, which, if it does not bring joy, can yet bring happiness-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Start by doing what’s necessary; then do what’s possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible-dd- Francis of Assisi . All healing is first a healing of the heart-dd- Carl Townsend . Each patient carries his own doctor inside him-dd- Norman Cousins . Some days there won’t be a song in your heart-dd- Sing anyway-dd- Emory Austin . Weak people revenge-dd- Strong people forgive-dd- Intelligent people ignore-dd- Albert Einstein . Out of your vulnerabilities will come your strength-dd- Sigmund Freud . Rudeness is a weak imitation of strength-dd- Eric Hoffer . Only the weak are cruel-dd- Gentleness can only be expected from the strong-dd- Leo Buscaglia . Understand: if you are weak and ask for little, little is what you will get-dd- Robert Greene . Strength is not when the body is strong and the mind weak, but rather when the body is weak and the mind strong-dd- Unknown . Once you’ve accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you-dd- Tyrion Lannister (Games Of Thrones) . Don’t confuse civility with weakness-dd- It takes a great deal of determination, strength and wisdom to treat another with courtesy and respect while they treat you with arrogance, disrespect and scorn-dd- Bill Lewis . Sometimes you don’t realize your own strength until you come face to face with your greatest weakness-dd- Susan Gale . Some people believe holding on and hanging in there are signs of great strength-dd- However, there are times when it takes much more strength to know when to let go and then do it-dd- Ann Landers . Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses-dd- Focus on your character, not your reputation-dd- Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Know that every time you feel weak, you not only hurt yourself but also the cause-dd- Infinite faith and strength are the only conditions of success-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Tears shed for self are tears of weakness, but tears shed for others are a sign of strength-dd- Billy Graham . Patience is the support of weakness; impatience the ruin of strength-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . My strength is my compassion-dd- Patrik Baboumian . The weaker you are the louder you bark-dd- Tenten . Only the gentle are ever really strong-dd- James Dean . You can do anything you set your mind to-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Discipline is remembering what you want-dd- David Campbell . The most courageous act is still to think for yourself-dd- Aloud-dd- Coco Chanel . Mental toughness is essential to success-dd- Vince Lombardi . The man on top of the mountain didn’t fall there-dd- Vince Lombardi . Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet-dd- Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved-dd- Helen Keller . Unity is strength… when there is teamwork and collaboration, wonderful things can be achieved-dd- Mattie Stepanek . The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire; the size of your dream; and how you handle disappointment along the way-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . Fortitude is the marshal of thought, the armor of the will, and the fort of reason-dd- Francis Bacon . My strength is as the strength of ten, because my heart is pure-dd- Alfred Lord Tennyson . Strength isn’t about bearing a cross of grief or shame-dd- Strength comes from choosing your own path, and living with the consequences-dd- Jenny Trout . The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it-dd- Moliere . Confront the dark parts of yourself, and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness-dd- Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing-dd- August Wilson . The difference between the difficult and the impossible is that the impossible takes a little longer time-dd- Lady Aberdeen . Go so far away that you stop being afraid of not coming back-dd- Eve Ensler . Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others-dd- Plato . The strength of a man’s virtue should not be measured by his special exertions, but by his habitual acts-dd- Blaise Pascal . Be very strong… be very methodical in your life if you want to be a champion-dd- Alberto Juantorena . A truly strong person does not need the approval of others any more than a lion needs the approval of sheep-dd- Vernon Howard . My strength did not come from lifting weights-dd- My strength came from lifting myself up when I was knocked down-dd- Bob Moore . Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all-dd- Dale Carnegie . If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn’t lead anywhere-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly; it is dearness only that gives everything its value-dd- Thomas Paine . Hardship prepares ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Sure I am of this, that you have only to endure to conquer-dd- Winston Churchill . A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Better to be strong than pretty and useless-dd- Lilith Saintcrow . A strong woman is a woman determined to do something others are determined not be done-dd- Marge Piercy . Being glamorous is about strength and confidence-dd- It’s black and white – dramatic-dd- You have to be strong-dd- Catherine Zeta-Jones . Be that fearless girl, the one who would dare to do anything, be that independent girl who didn’t need a man; be that girl who never backed down-dd- Taylor Swift . I think scars are like battle wounds – beautiful, in a way-dd- They show what you’ve been through and how strong you are for coming out of it-dd- Demi Lovato . I hate to hear you talk about all women as if they were fine ladies instead of rational creatures-dd- None of us want to be in calm waters all our lives-dd- Jane Austen . I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong-dd- I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls-dd- I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Life is very interesting… in the end, some of your greatest pains, become your greatest strengths-dd- Drew Barrymore . What is important is to believe in something so strongly that you’re never discouraged-dd- Salma Hayek . Anyone can hide-dd- Facing up to things, working through them, that’s what makes you strong-dd- Sarah Dessen . Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body-dd- Seneca . Be brave-dd- Take risks-dd- Nothing can substitute experience-dd- Paulo Coelho . Never say never, because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion-dd- Michael Jordan . Strength is the product of struggle, you must do what others don’t to achieve what others won’t-dd- Henry Rollins . When a man loves a woman she becomes his weakness-dd- When a woman loves a man he becomes her strength-dd- The is called an exchange of power-dd- Unknown . Don’t wait for extraordinary opportunities-dd- Seize common occasions and make them great-dd- Weak men wait for opportunities; strong men make them-dd- Orison Swett Marden . Don’t be afraid of your fears-dd- They’re not there to scare you-dd- They’re there to let you know that something is worth it-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Extraordinary people survive under the most terrible circumstances and they become more extraordinary because of it-dd- Robertson Davies . Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Freedom lies in being bold-dd- Robert Frost . It’s not the strength of the body that counts, but the strength of the spirit-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R Tolkien . 