To be evenminded is the greatest virtue-dd- Heraclitus . Just keep in mind: the more we value things outside our control, the less control we have-dd- Epictetus . The tranquility that comes when you stop caring what they say-dd- Or think, or do-dd- Only what you do-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately-dd- Seneca . It does not matter what you bear, but how you bear it-dd- Seneca . A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials-dd- Seneca . To be calm is the highest achievement of the self-dd- Zen proverb . He has the most who is content with the least-dd- Diogenes . Self-control is strength-dd- Right thought is mastery-dd- Calmness is power-dd- James Allen . Man conquers the world by conquering himself-dd- Zeno of Citium . Learn to be indifferent to what makes no difference-dd- Marcus Aurelius . To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden-dd- Seneca . The willing are led by fate, the reluctant dragged-dd- Cleanthes . Too many people believe that everything must be pleasurable in life-dd- Robert Greene . A rational person can find peace by cultivating indifference to things outside of their control-dd- Naval Ravikant . If you are easily provoked you are easily controlled-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Be an island of calm in the sea of craziness-dd- The Ancient Sage . Relentlessly prune bullshit, don’t wait to do things that matter, and savor the time you have-dd- Paul Graham . Be a master of the mind, not mastered by the mind-dd- Zen proverb . The more you seek the uncomfortable, the more you will become comfortable-dd- Conor McGregor . Failure and deprivation are the best educators and purifiers-dd- Albert Einstein . If it’s endurable, then endure it-dd- Stop complaining-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Between stimulus and response, there is a space-dd- In that space is our power to choose our response-dd- Viktor Frankl . When someone is properly grounded in life, they shouldn’t have to look outside themselves for approval-dd- Epictetus . Success is based off of your willingness to work your ass off no matter what obstacles are in your way-dd- David Goggins . If you make happiness your goal, you’ll be disappointed-dd- If you make presence your goal, you’ll be satisfied-dd- Maxime Lagacé . To make a goal of comfort or happiness has never appealed to me; a system of ethics built on this basis would be sufficient only for a herd of cattle-dd- Albert Einstein . The great law of nature is that it never stops-dd- There is no end-dd- Ryan Holiday . The ultimate power in life is to be completely self-reliant, completely yourself-dd- Robert Greene . That one wants nothing to be different, not forward, not backwards, not in all eternity-dd- Not merely bear what is necessary, still less conceal it… but love it-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit-dd- The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The mind that is anxious about future events is miserable-dd- Seneca . The wise man is neither raised up by prosperity nor cast down by adversity; for always he has striven to rely predominantly on himself, and to derive all joy from himself-dd- Seneca . Don’t explain your philosophy-dd- Embody it-dd- Epictetus . I love to go and see all the things I am happy without-dd- Socrates (On going to the market) . The robbed that smiles steals something from the thief-dd- Othello (This is one of my favorite stoic quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Stoicism is about the domestication of emotions, not their elimination-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . A Stoic is someone who transforms fear into prudence, pain into transformation, mistakes into initiation, and desire into undertaking-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Stoicism teaches how to keep a calm and rational mind no matter what happens to you and it helps you understand and focus on what you can control and not worry about and accept what you can’t control-dd- Jonas Salzgeber . Stoicism, understood properly, is a cure for a disease-dd- The disease in question is the anxiety, grief, fear, and various other negative emotions that plague humans and prevent them from experiencing a joyful existence-dd- William B-dd- Irvine . Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be, be one-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick-dd- Don’t lose faith-dd- Steve Jobs . The true hero is one who conquers his own anger and hatred-dd- Dalai Lama . Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants-dd- Epictetus . He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has-dd- Epictetus . What you’re supposed to do when you don’t like a thing is change it-dd- If you can’t change it, change the way you think about it-dd- Don’t complain-dd- Maya Angelou . You have power over your mind — not outside events-dd- Realize this, and you will find strength-dd- Marcus Aurelius . When you wake up in the morning, tell yourself: the people I deal with today will be meddling, ungrateful, arrogant, dishonest, jealous and surly-dd- They are like this because they can’t tell good from evil-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms – to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way-dd- Viktor Frankl (Man’s Search for Meaning) . Many men will meet me who are drunkards, lustful, ungrateful, greedy, and excited by the frenzy of ambition-dd- Seneca . Set aside a certain number of days during which you shall be content with the scantiest and cheapest fare, with coarse and rough dress, saying to yourself the while, “Is this the condition that I feared-qq-” Seneca . It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor-dd- Seneca . ‎Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats-dd- Voltaire . The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook-dd- William James . What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do-dd- Tim Ferriss . The things you own end up owning you-dd- Joshua Fields Millburn (The Minimalists) . Is there such a thing as a cheerful pessimist-qq- That’s what I am-dd- Charlie Munger . It is not daily increase but daily decrease, hack away the unessential-dd- The closer to the source, the less wastage there is-dd- Bruce Lee . The reason why we have two ears and only one mouth is so we might listen more and talk less-dd- Zeno of Citium . I begin to speak only when I’m certain what I’ll say isn’t better left unsaid-dd- Cato The Younger . If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished-qq- Rumi . Be content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are-dd- When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you-dd- Lao Tzu . Nothing endures but change-dd- Heraclitus . Why should we pay so much attention to what the majority thinks-qq- Socrates . Be tolerant with others and strict with yourself-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Order your soul-dd- Reduce your wants-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods-dd- Socrates . No human thing is of serious importance-dd- Plato . Just keep going-dd- Be stoic-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Ensure you endure-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The obstacle is the way-dd- Ryan Holiday . Great times are great softeners-dd- Ryan Holiday . Move toward resistance and pain-dd- Robert Greene . The limit is not the sky-dd- The limit is the mind-dd- Wim Hof . Problems only exist in the human mind-dd- Anthony de Mello . Discomfort is the currency of success-dd- Brooke Castillo . Show people, don’t tell people-dd- David Goggins . Discomfort is a wise teacher-dd- Caroline Myss . Just that you do the right thing-dd- The rest doesn’t matter-dd- Marcus Aurelius . To complain is always nonacceptance of what is-dd- Eckhart Tolle . If it doesn’t challenge you, it won’t change you-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Equanimity is power-dd- Unknown . What are the secret of success -qq- -one word answer: “rational”-dd- Charlie Munger . Be present above all else-dd- Naval Ravikant . Don’t aim to be perfect-dd- Aim to be antifragile-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Peace must be found in the imperfect present-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You will be attacked for doing the right thing-dd- Do it anyway-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Think long term-dd- Execute short term-dd- Experience now-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You amplify everything you react to-dd- The Stoic Emperor . While we wait for life, life passes-dd- Seneca . There is no genius without a touch of madness-dd- Seneca . Live your life like you’re the hero in your movie-dd- Joe Rogan . When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Do what you will-dd- Even if you tear yourself apart, most people will continue doing the same things-dd- Marcus Aurelius . It can ruin your life only if it ruins your character-dd- Otherwise it cannot harm you — inside or out-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Keep your intention pure-dd- Emotions will try to distract you-dd- So keep going-dd- That’s the cure-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Every hour focus your mind attentively…on the performance of the task in hand, with dignity, human sympathy, benevolence and freedom, and leave aside all other thoughts-dd- You will achieve this, if you perform each action as if it were your last-dd- Marcus Aurelius . There are two of the most immediately useful thoughts you will dip into-dd- First that things cannot touch the mind: they are external and inert; anxieties can only come from your internal judgement-dd- Second, that all these things you see will change almost as you look at them, and then will be no more-dd- Constantly bring to mind all that you yourself have already seen changed-dd- The universe is change: life is judgement-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Make the mind tougher by exposing it to adversity-dd- Robert Greene . You can accomplish anything if you can: 1) prioritize ruthlessly 2) control your attention-dd- Both of these have become particularly hard in the present age-dd- As such those who can control these two critical factors will rule the world-dd- The Ancient Sage . The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled-dd- For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . Never let people who choose the path of least resistance steer you away from your chosen path of most resistance-dd- David Goggins (See also: The World’s Toughest Man-xx- – David Goggins, YouTube video) . Life is a storm that will test you unceasingly-dd- Don’t wait for calm waters that may not arrive-dd- Derive purpose from resilience-dd- Learn to sail the raging sea-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Short term thinking is everywhere-dd- Noisy feuds over little prizes-dd- The long term thinker will be king-dd- Win the decade, not the day-dd- The Stoic Emperor . How do you move forward-qq- One step at a time-dd- How do you lose weight-qq- One kilo at a time-dd- How do you write a book-qq- One page at a time-dd- How do you build a relationship-qq- One day at a time-dd- In a world obsessed with speed, never forget things of real worth and value take time-dd- Thibaut . Give yourself fully to your endeavors-dd- Decide to construct your character through excellent actions and determine to pay the price of a worthy goal-dd- The trials you encounter will introduce you to your strengths-dd- Epictetus . Now is the time to get serious about living your ideals-dd- How long can you afford to put off who you really want to be-qq- Your nobler self cannot wait any longer-dd- Put your principles into practice – now-dd- Stop the excuses and the procrastination-dd- This is your life-xx- […] Decide to be extraordinary and do what you need to do – now-dd- Epictetus . We should not, like sheep, follow the herd of creatures in front of us, making our way where others go, not where we ought to go-dd- Seneca . Associate with people who are likely to improve you-dd- Welcome those who you are capable of improving-dd- The process is a mutual one: men learn as they teach-dd- Seneca . As each day arises, welcome it as the very best day of all, and make it your own possession-dd- We must seize what flees-dd- Seneca . Inwardly, we ought to be different in every respect, but our outward dress should blend in with the crowd-dd- Seneca . Be so busy building your own life that other people’s bullshit is of no concern-dd- Ed Latimore . In life, it doesn’t matter what happens to you or where you came from-dd- It matters what you do with what happens and what you’ve been given-dd- Ryan Holiday . We are quick to forget that just being alive is an extraordinary piece of good luck, a remote event, a chance occurrence of monstrous proportions-dd- Nicholas Nassim Taleb . Difficulty is what wakes up the genius-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . A stoic is a Buddhist with attitude-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Missing a train is only painful if you run after it-xx- Likewise, not matching the idea of success others expect from you is only painful if that’s what you are seeking-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . If you have your heart set on wearing crowns, why not make one out of roses – you will look even more elegant in that-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Discard your misperceptions-dd- Stop being jerked like a puppet-dd- Limit yourself to the present-dd- Marcus Aurelius . If you ever start taking things too seriously, just remember that we are talking monkeys on an organic spaceship flying through the universe-dd- Joe Rogan . Don’t let jerks live rent-free in your head-dd- Sam Altman (Y Combinator) . We are bacteria to the universe-dd- We’re basically monkeys on a small rock orbiting a small backwards star in a huge galaxy, which is in an absolutely staggeringly gigantic universe, which itself may be part of a gigantic multiverse-dd- Naval Ravikant . Don’t be the person that looks at the weather report the night before to decide what you are going to do the next day-dd- David Goggins . Sometimes saying “fuck it” at the right time can be a very powerful thing-dd- It tells your mind that you are willing to do whatever it takes to get to the other side-dd- David Goggins . “Why did this happen to me-qq-” Why not-qq- Events will never conform perfectly to your desires-dd- Move forward-dd- The Stoic Emperor . If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, ‘He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would not have mentioned these alone’-dd- Epictetus . I have to die-dd- If it is now, well then I die now; if later, then now I will take my lunch, since the hour for lunch has arrived – and dying I will tend to later-dd- Epictetus . The average man is a conformist, accepting miseries and disasters with the stoicism of a cow standing in the rain-dd- Colin Wilson . Don’t get mad at others because life is kicking your ass-dd- David Goggins . What is to give light must endure burning-dd- Viktor Frankl . Life is full of hostility — some of it overt, some clever and underhanded-dd- Robert Greene . Expect the river to be wild, surprising and challenging-dd- To expect the opposite is to live in delusion-dd- Maxime Lagacé . You are scared of dying—and, tell me, is the kind of life you lead really any different than being dead-qq- Seneca . You need not look about for the reward of a just deed; a just deed in itself offers a still greater return-dd- Seneca . Desire is a contract that you make with yourself to be unhappy until you get what you want-dd- Naval Ravikant . Your existence, my existence is just infinitesimal-dd- It’s like a firefly blinking once in the night-dd- Naval Ravikant . The universe has been around for a long time, and the universe is a very, very large place-dd- If you’ll study even the smallest bit of science, for all practical purposes we are nothing-dd- Naval Ravikant . We’re not really here that long, and we don’t really matter that much-dd- Nothing that we do lasts-dd- Eventually, you will fade-dd- Your works will fade-dd- Your children will fade-dd- Your thoughts will fade-dd- These planets will fade-dd- This sun will fade-dd- It will all be gone-dd- Naval Ravikant . Almost all Americans own a smartphone or a computer-dd- Each device contains the library of Alexandria-dd- The sum total of all world knowledge-dd- You can learn anything-dd- Why don’t you-qq- Too busy tracking social status-dd- Too enthralled by imagery your evolution can’t resist-dd- The Stoic Emperor . This is an era of universal hyperbole-dd- Every day delivers a new banality disguised as an emergency-dd- Distrust your first reactions-dd- Begin with the assumption that you are overreacting-dd- Conserve your emotional energies for your real concerns-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You will eventually die and the world will keep moving-dd- Life Math Money . Take a deep breath-dd- You’re living the dream life of hundreds of millions who are below poverty line people-dd- You have some of the best comforts available to you-dd- You live better than kings did 100 years ago-xx- What the f*ck are you so worried and stressed out all the time about-qq- Life Math Money . “Why do I keep repeating harmful behaviors/habits when I know they are bad for me-qq-” Because they give you pleasure or help you avoid discomfort-dd- And you are too weak to let go of a little pleasure or to bear a little discomfort-dd- The Ancient Sage . Unfollow the mind-dd- Follow the heart-dd- Mute the masses-dd- The Ancient Sage . I’m happy as hell, but I’m also real-dd- Happy didn’t get me here-dd- But going through hell to get to where I’m at made me happy-dd- David Goggins . Everyone faces up more bravely to a thing for which he has long prepared himself, sufferings, even, being withstood if they have been trained for in advance-dd- Those who are unprepared, on the other hand, are panic-stricken by the most insignificant happenings-dd- Seneca . What upsets people is not things themselves, but their judgements about these things-dd- Epictetus . You become what you give your attention to…If you yourself don’t choose what thoughts and images you expose yourself to, someone else will-dd- Epictetus . Remind yourself that the past and future are ‘indifferent’ to you, and that the supreme good, and eudaimonia, can only exist within you, right now, in the present moment-dd- Donald J-dd- Robertson . Whatever happens at all happens as it should; you will find this true, if you watch narrowly-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Why is this so unbearable-qq- Why can’t I endure it-qq- You’ll be embarrassed to answer-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Run down the list of those who felt intense anger at something: the most famous, the most unfortunate, the most hated, the most whatever: Where is all that now-qq- Smoke, dust, legend…or not even a legend-dd- Think of all the examples-dd- And how trivial the things we want so passionately are-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Everything that happens is either endurable or not-dd- If it’s endurable, then endure it-dd- Stop complaining-dd- If it’s unendurable… then stop complaining-dd- Your destruction will mean its end as well-dd- Just remember: you can endure anything your mind can make endurable, by treating it as in your interest to do so-dd- Marcus Aurelius . An hour of deeply contemplating your own moral failures will leave you feeling much more forgiving of the foibles of others-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Many will choose the stability of slavery over the uncertainty of freedom-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Conviction is much more powerful than “positive thinking”-dd- Positive thinking is fragile and easily shattered by random tragedy-dd- Random tragedy is an inevitable feature of life-dd- Conviction guides you through misfortune-dd- It does not wish it away-dd- Purpose outdoes positivity-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Much of what other people know isn’t worth knowing-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Always resignation and acceptance-dd- Always prudence and honour and duty-dd- Jane Austen . Uncertainty is an uncomfortable position-dd- But certainty is an absurd one-dd- Voltaire . The phrase that I use the most to myself in my head is one word: accept-dd- Naval Ravikant . True rewards – wealth, knowledge, love, fitness, and equanimity – come from ignoring others and improving ourselves-dd- Naval Ravikant . A man is no bigger than the smallest thing that provokes him-dd- Dan Horton . Some can delay gratification-dd- Others don’t seek it at all-dd- Be the latter-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Show me someone for whom success is less important than the manner in which it is achieved-dd- Of concern for the means, rather than the ends, of their actions…I want to see him-dd- This is the person I have looked for a long time, the true genius-dd- Epictetus . The news allows you to dedicate massive amounts of energy and attention to things you probably cannot impact while the things you can impact go unaddressed-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Short-term thinking makes people desperate, ungenerous, impulsive-dd- Long-term thinking makes people calm, gracious, controlled-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Learn to detach yourself from the chaos of the battlefield-dd- Robert Greene . The wise man needs nothing and yet he can make good use of anything, whereas the fool ‘needs’ countless things but can make good use of none of them-dd- Donald J-dd- Robertson . Welcome if it comes-dd- Let go if it goes-dd- Chase nothing-dd- Cling to nothing-dd- Remain unconcerned-dd- The Ancient Sage . Wisdom lies in cheerful acceptance of whatever life throws at you-dd- The Ancient Sage . The impediment to action advances action-dd- What stands in the way becomes the way-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Don’t allow yourself to be heard any longer griping about public life, not even with your own ears-xx- Marcus Aurelius . Not to assume it’s impossible because you find it hard-dd- But to recognize that if it’s humanly possible, you can do it too-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Do not indulge in dreams of having what you have not, but reckon up the chief of the blessings you do possess, and then thankfully remember how you would crave for them if they were not yours-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Men seek out retreats for themselves in the country, by the seaside, on the mountains… nowhere can a man find a retreat more peaceful or more free from trouble than his own soul-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Objective judgment, at this very moment-dd- Unselfish action, now at this very moment-dd- Willing acceptance – now at this very moment – of all external events-dd- That’s all you need-dd- Marcus Aurelius . “What is the work of a Master-qq-” said a solemn-faced visitor-dd- “To teach people to laugh,” said the Master gravely-dd- Anthony de Mello . Understand what you can control and what you can’t-dd- Forget about the things you can’t control and put that energy into the things you can control-dd- Shane Parrish (fs-dd-blog) . Intelligence consists in ignoring things that are irrelevant-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . The wise man listens to meaning, the fool only gets the noise-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Heroes are heroes because they are heroic in behaviour, not because they won or lost-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . You can change it, you can accept it, or you can leave it-dd- What is not a good option is to sit around wishing you would change it but not changing it, wishing you would leave it but not leaving it, and not accepting it-dd- Naval Ravikant . Doctors won’t make you healthy-dd- Nutritionists won’t make you slim-dd- Teachers won’t make you smart-dd- Gurus won’t make you calm-dd- Mentors won’t make you rich-dd- Trainers won’t make you fit-dd- Ultimately, you have to take responsibility-dd- Save yourself-dd- Naval Ravikant . True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient, for he that is so wants nothing-dd- Seneca . Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are-dd- We’ve been using them not because we needed them but because we had them-dd- Seneca . We must take a higher view of all things, and bear with them more easily: it better becomes a man to scoff at life than to lament over it-dd- Seneca . He who laughs at the human race deserves better of it than he who mourns for it, for the former leaves it some good hopes of improvement, while the latter stupidly weeps over what he has given up all hopes of mending-dd- Seneca . Peace-dd- It does not mean to be in a place where there is no noise, trouble or hard work-dd- It means to be in the midst of those things and still be calm in your heart-dd- Unknown . The world might call you a pessimist-dd- Who cares-qq- It’s far better to seem like a downer than to be blindsided or caught off guard-dd- Ryan Holiday . No one is asking you to look at the world through rose-colored glasses-dd- Ryan Holiday . Take a deep breath-dd- Get present in the moment and ask yourself what is important this very second-dd- Greg McKeown (Author of Essentialism) . You cannot overestimate the unimportance of practically everything-dd- Greg McKeown . No man is free who is not master of himself-dd- Epictetus . Think clearly from the ground up-dd- Understand and explain from first principles-dd- Ignore society and politics-dd- Acknowledge what you have-dd- Control your emotions-dd- Naval Ravikant . Be silent for the most part, or, if you speak, say only what is necessary and in a few words-dd- Epictetus . He who angers you conquers you-dd- Elizabeth Kenny . The only thing you can control is the thought you are having right now-dd- Make it calm, clear and simple-dd- Make it your superpower-dd- Maxime Lagacé . He who reigns within himself, and rules passions, desires, and fears, is more than a king-dd- John Milton . How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself-qq- Epictetus . Progress is not achieved by luck or accident, but by working on yourself daily-dd- Epictetus . If change is forced upon you, you must resist the temptation to overreact or feel sorry for yourself-dd- Robert Greene . Self-discipline and self-control determine the quality of your life more than anything else-dd- Ed Latimore . Self-control is the chief element in self-respect, and self-respect is the chief element in courage-dd- Thucydides . Don’t argue with people nor insist on showing them truth-dd- Maybe it is you who needs to change your mind-dd- Even if you are right you only incur resentment by trying to correct others-dd- The Ancient Sage . If you cannot change something, it is best to accept it cheerfully rather than adding to one’s misfortune by grieving over it-dd- The Ancient Sage . Self-control is all about moment to moment self awareness-dd- You catch yourself doing – or about to do – something undesirable, see that it isn’t good for you in the long term, and as a result of this awareness abstain from doing it-dd- The Ancient Sage . One must be gullible yet skeptical, sane yet mad, proud yet humble, warm yet indifferent, faithful yet a heretic, loving yet uncompromising, fearless yet cautious, open yet decisive-dd- These are not contradictions-dd- They make a person whole-dd- And above all one must be whole, not fragmentary-dd- The Ancient Sage . If you lose self-control everything will fall-dd- John Wooden . It is easy to blame “them”-dd- It is hard to confront “me”-dd- The easy path is the road to ruin-dd- The hard path is the way of growth-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Be true to whoever or whatever you are and wear it like a badge of honor-dd- Fit in with one person and one person only: yourself-dd- David Goggins . There is no better way to grow as a person than to do something you hate every day-dd- David Goggins . People are always looking for shortcuts-dd- The only way to achieve greatness in life is to have patience, consistency, and discipline-dd- David Goggins . When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves-dd- Viktor Frankl . Watch every thought-dd- Always ask, why am I having this thought-qq- Naval Ravikant . Meditation is intermittent fasting for the mind-dd- Too much sugar leads to a heavy body, and too many distractions lead to a heavy mind-dd- Time spent undistracted and alone, in self-examination, journaling, meditation, resolves the unresolved and takes us from mentally fat to fit-dd- Naval Ravikant . You find peace by coming to terms with what you don’t know-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . When you are upset you are likely to sacrifice the wellbeing of tomorrow to appease the hurt feelings of today-dd- Not a good trade-dd- Subject your emotions to a cooling-off period before you allow them to guide major decisions-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Try to avoid making important decisions when you’re angry-dd- Acknowledge the emotion-dd- Recognize that it clouds your judgement-dd- Remember that angry people tend to sacrifice the long-term good in response to short-term provocation-dd- The Stoic Emperor . What matters most is not what our obstacles are but how we see them, how we react to them, and whether we keep our composure-dd- Ryan Holiday . You stuck to your principles and when opportunities came along, you pounced on them with vigour-dd- Charlie Munger . Stop trying to impress others with your stuff and start trying to impress them with your life-dd- Joshua Becker (becomingminimalist-dd-com) . Talk, but rarely, if occasion calls you, but do not talk of ordinary things – of gladiators or horses races or athletes or of meats or drinks – these are topics that arise everywhere – but above all do not talk about men in blame or compliment or comparison-dd- Epictetus . We must indulge the mind and from time to time allow it the leisure which is its food and strength-dd- We must go for walks out of doors, so that the mind can be strengthened by a clear sky and plenty of fresh air-dd- Seneca . Together with intelligence, self-control turns out to be the best predictor of a successful and satisfying life-dd- Steven Pinker . Growth and comfort do not coexist-dd- Ginny Rometty (IBM) . The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness-dd- Lao Tzu . We must remember: There is no easy way-dd- Ryan Holiday . Genius often really is just persistence in disguise-dd- Ryan Holiday . True stoics don’t care about the outcome-dd- They just care to give their best shot, right here, right now-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The more time you spend in your discomfort zone, the more your comfort zone will expand-dd- Robin Sharma . Cultivate a fearless approach to life, attack everything with boldness and energy-dd- Robert Greene . I like times of turbulence more than times of stability-dd- More opportunity to seize and grow-dd- Life Math Money . Advice for nearly everything: start slowly and maintain traction-dd- Michael . True success is achieved by stretching oneself, learning to feel comfortable being uncomfortable-dd- Ken Poirot . It takes courage to accept life fully, to say yes to our life, yes to our karma, yes to our mind, emotions and whatever else unfolds-dd- Dzigar Kongtrul Rinpoche . Start living in discomfort-dd- Gradually increase it little by little, and you will steadily grow-dd- If you want sudden growth, deluge yourself in great discomfort and do not retreat from it-dd- The more discomfort you are willing to bear, the more you can grow-dd- The Ancient Sage . I like to see what I’m made of-dd- I want to see if there is a limit to the human soul-dd- David Goggins . The path to success will leave you callused, bruised, and very tired-dd- It will also leave you empowered-dd- David Goggins . Comfort makes you weaker-dd- We need some variability, some stressors-dd- Not too much, but just enough-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . The fragile wants tranquility, the antifragile grows from disorder, and the robust doesn’t care too much-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . That which we desire lies across an ocean of hard won knowledge-dd- The Stoic Emperor . True will is quiet humility, resilience, and flexibility; the other kind of will is weakness disguised by bluster and ambition-dd- Ryan Holiday . This is the mark of perfection of character—to spend each day as if it were your last, without frenzy, laziness, or any pretending-dd- Marcus Aurelius . In the mean time, cling tooth and nail to the following rule: not to give in to adversity, not to trust prosperity, and always take full note of fortune’s habit of behaving just as she pleases-dd- Seneca . Let us not postpone anything, let us engage in combats with life each day-dd- Seneca . It’s not that we have little time, but more that we waste a good deal of it-dd- Seneca . Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life-dd- Seneca . Life will punch you in the face if your head gets too big-dd- Don’t ever pretend, don’t lie, don’t feel superior-dd- Just be honest and do your own thing-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact-dd- Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Forget everything else-dd- Keep hold of this alone and remember it: Each of us lives only now, this brief instant-dd- The rest has been lived already, or is impossible to see-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Concentrate every minute like a Roman— like a man— on doing what’s in front of you with precise and genuine seriousness, tenderly, willingly, with justice-dd- And on freeing yourself from all other distractions-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The ordinary objects of human endeavour – property, outward success, luxury – have always seemed to me contemptible-dd- Albert Einstein . The meaning of life is just to be alive-dd- It is so plain and so obvious and so simple-dd- And yet, everybody rushes around in a great panic as if it were necessary to achieve something beyong themselves-dd- Alan Watts . You are not affected by reality itself but by your interpretation of reality-dd- A change of perspective changes everything-dd- The Ancient Sage . A person who has built his life around pleasure is bound to be disillusioned-dd- Hedonism is not sustainable, and it leaves a person empty-dd- We are not meant to experience sustained pleasure-dd- Therefore, to cope with the drab routine of daily existence, one must find meaning somewhere-dd- The Ancient Sage . Life is a slow treadmill-dd- People who stand still are actually going behind-dd- Live Math Money . There is no beginning and there is no end to time-dd- There is only your perception of time-dd- Zen proverb . When the pools of perception are clear, everything appears ‘as is’-dd- Zen proverb . When we become fixed in our perceptions we lose our ability to fly-dd- Mingyur Rinpoche . Remember that your perception of the world is a reflection of your state of consciousness-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Be disentangled from all perceptions-dd- They are not you-dd- Brian Thompson . Why do you so earnestly seek the truth in distant places-qq- Look for delusion and truth in the bottom of your own hearts-dd- Ryōkan . Drop your concepts, drop your opinions, drop your prejudices, drop your judgments, and you will see that-dd- Anthony de Mello . Understand: in life as in war, nothing ever happens just as you expect it to-dd- Robert Greene . Realists are not afraid to look at the harsh circumstances of life-dd- Robert Greene . Events in life mean nothing if you do not reflect on them in a deep way, and ideas from books are pointless if they have no application to life as you live it-dd- Robert Greene . Assume life will be really tough, and then ask if you can handle it-dd- If the answer is yes, you’ve won-dd- Charlie Munger . Life isn’t always about doing the things we like to do-dd- It’s about doing things we have to do-dd- David Goggins . Success is the enemy of learning-dd- It can deprive you of the time and the incentive to start over-dd- Beginner’s mind also needs beginner’s time-dd- Naval Ravikant . Drama provides a convenient distraction-dd- We light small fires and busy ourselves with putting them out-dd- Short term “emergencies” give us an excuse to ignore the long term issues that we don’t wish to acknowledge-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Not everything requires a response-dd- This is truth for many things in life and almost everything in the news-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Expectation is the only seed of disappointment-dd- Mokokoma Mokhonoana . The fundamental delusion — there is something out there that will make me happy and fulfilled forever-dd- Naval Ravikant . The easiest way to live unhappy and unsatisfied is to hope-dd- More often than not, you’ll be disappointed-dd- Thus, your main aim should be to do the best you can right now and to expect nothing at all-dd- Accept the way things turn out despite your best effort-dd- That’s the only path to a peaceful mind-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The secret of happiness, you see, is not found in seeking more, but in developing the capacity to enjoy less-dd- Socrates . Because most of what we say and do is not essential-dd- If you can eliminate it, you’ll have more time, and more tranquility-dd- Ask yourself at every moment, ‘Is this necessary-qq-’-dd- Marcus Aurelius . If you seek tranquility, do less-dd- Or (more accurately) do what’s essential – what the reason of a social being requires, and in the requisite way-dd- Which brings a double satisfaction: to do less, better-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The fundamental human fallacy: the illusion that a change in external circumstances will lead to permanent bliss-dd- That the attainment of a future goal will make you satisfied forever-dd- The illusion is so entrenched that it persists despite being refuted by repeated experience-dd- The Ancient Sage . So, concerning the things we pursue, and for which we vigorously exert ourselves, we owe this consideration – either there is nothing useful in them, or most aren’t useful-dd- Some of them are superfluous, while others aren’t worth that much-dd- But we don’t discern this and see them as free, when they cost us dearly-dd- Seneca . A man thus grounded must, whether he wills or not, necessarily be attended by constant cheerfulness and a joy that is deep and issues from deep within, since he finds delight in his own resources, and desires no joys greater than his inner joys-dd- Seneca . Your food should appease your hunger, your drink quench your thirst, your clothing keep out the cold, your house be a protection against inclement weather-dd- It makes no difference whether it is built of turf or of variegated marble imported from another country-dd- Seneca . Barley porridge, or a crust of bread, and water do not make a very cheerful diet, but nothing gives one keener pleasure than the ability to derive pleasure even from that — and the feeling of having arrived at something which one cannot be deprived of by any unjust stroke of fortune-dd- Seneca . Set aside now and then a number of days during which you will be content with the plainest of food, and very little of it, and with rough, coarse clothing, and will ask yourself, ‘Is this what one used to dread-qq- Seneca . Never have I put my trust in fortune, even when she appeared to be offering peace; all those gifts she bestowed on me in her kindness — money, position, influence — I stored where she would be able to reclaim them with no disturbance to me-dd- Seneca . It is essential to make oneself used to putting up with a little-dd- Even the wealthy and the well provided are continually met and frustrated by difficult times and situations-dd- It is in no man’s power to have whatever he wants; but he has it in his power not to wish for what he hasn’t got, and cheerfully make the most of the things that do come his way-dd- Seneca . The happiness of those who want to be popular depends on others; the happiness of those who seek pleasure fluctuates with moods outside their control; but the happiness of the wise grows out of their own free acts-dd- Marcus Aurelius . All you need are these: certainty of judgment in the present moment; action for the common good in the present moment; and an attitude of gratitude in the present moment for anything that comes your way-dd- Marcus Aurelius . A calm and modest life brings more happiness than the pursuit of success combined with constant restlessness-dd- Albert Einstein . I am happy because I want nothing from anyone-dd- I do not care for money-dd- Decorations, titles or distinctions mean nothing to me-dd- I do not crave praise-dd- The only thing that gives me pleasure, apart from my work, my violin and my sailboat, is the appreciation of my fellow workers-dd- Albert Einstein . It’s hard to prioritize the long term when you think you should feel comfortable in every moment-dd- Michael . When you transform your mind, everything you experience is transformed-dd- Mingyur Rinpoche . The expectation that you bring to your meditation are often the greatest obstacles you will encounter-dd- Mingyur Rinpoche . When you internalize that the source of your satisfaction is within you not without, you are then prepared to receive bliss that never ends because it does not rely on the ever changing external circumstances-dd- The Ancient Sage . Contentment doesn’t mean you stop improving your situation-dd- In fact it has nothing to do with your external situation-dd- It is a state of mind in which your happiness does not depend on external circumstances-dd- It is the absence of neediness-dd- You become self sufficient-dd- The Ancient Sage . Getting more of something has not satisfied anyone-dd- It will not satisfy you either-dd- It will only increase your discontent-dd- He who has little can be content, but not the one who has a lot-dd- The more one attains, the higher the expectations, and the greater the discontent-dd- The Ancient Sage . We humans are unhappy in large part because we are insatiable; after working hard to get what we want, we routinely lose interest in the object of our desire-dd- Rather than feeling satisfied, we feel a bit bored, and in response to this boredom, we go on to form new, even grander desires-dd- William B-dd- Irvine . Happiness isn’t outside of us, but actually comes from within-dd- Leo Babauta (zenhabits-dd-net) . The most important reason to live in the moment is nothing lasts forever-dd- Enjoy the moment while it’s in front of you-dd- Be present-dd- Accept life for what it is: a finite span of time with infinite possibilities-dd- Joshua Fields Millburn (The Minimalists) . Happiness is not to acquire and enjoy, but nothing to be desired, as it is to be free-dd- Epictetus . It is impossible that happiness, and yearning for what is not present, should ever be united-dd- Epictetus . There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will-dd- Epictetus . Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times-dd- Aeschylus . The thicker the skin, the happier the man-dd- Life Math Money . To love only what happens, what was destined-dd- No greater harmony-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The goal of life is living in agreement with Nature-dd- Zeno of Citium . As long as you remember that everything is exactly how it’s supposed to be, you will always be sane-dd- Alan Watts . Amor fati – “Love your fate”, which is in fact your life-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche (Check out this YouTube video for more on Amor Fati) . Don’t demand or expect that events happen as you would wish them to-dd- Accept events as they actually happen-dd- That way peace is possible-dd- Epictetus . Once you’ve truly controlled your own fate, for better or for worse, you’ll never let anyone else tell you what to do-dd- Naval Ravikant . It is better to perform one’s own predetermined duty, even if one performs that duty imperfectly, than perform the duty of another-dd- When one performs his own predetermined duty in accordance with one’s nature, one does not incur any sin-dd- Krishna . Human beings want control and certainty-dd- “Accepting fate” means the opposite-dd- That’s why it seems absurd to us-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Everything comes and goes in life-dd- Happiness and unhappiness are temporary experiences that rise from sense perception-dd- Heat and cold, pleasure and pain, will come and go-dd- They never last forever-dd- So, do not get attached to them-dd- We have no control over them-dd- Krishna . In all things we should try to make ourselves be as grateful as possible-dd- Seneca . Whatever anyone does or says, I’m bound to the good-dd- Whatever anyone does or says, I must be what I am and show my true colors-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Everywhere, at each moment, you have the option: to accept this event with humility; to treat this person as he should be treated; to approach this thought with care, so that nothing irrational creeps in-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Focus on what nature demands, as if you were governed by that alone-dd- Then do that, and accept it, unless your nature as a living being would be degraded by it-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Whatever happens to you has been waiting to happen since the beginning of time-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Only these two questions: Is what he’s doing now the right thing to be doing-qq- Does he accept and welcome what he’s been assigned-qq- Marcus Aurelius . Each of us needs what nature gives us, when nature gives it-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Accept things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Here is a rule to remember in future, when anything tempts you to feel bitter: not ‘This is misfortune’, but ‘To bear this worthily is good fortune-dd-’ Marcus Aurelius . He who does not desire or fear the uncertain day or capricious fate, is equal to the gods above and loftier than mortals-dd- Justus Lipsius . First, see clearly-dd- Next, act correctly-dd- Finally, endure and accept the world as it is-dd- Ryan Holiday . Man’s character is his fate-dd- Heraclitus . Timendi causa est nescire — Ignorance is the cause of fear-dd- Seneca . Don’t let your fears paralyze you into becoming a lesser version of yourself-dd- Eliminate fear by confronting what you’re afraid of-dd- David Goggins . I’m not asking you to be fearless-dd- I’m asking you to be courageous-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Today I escaped anxiety-dd- Or no, I discarded it, because it was within me, in my own perceptions – not outside-dd- Marcus Aurelius . If anyone can refute me‚ show me I’m making a mistake or looking at things from the wrong perspective‚ I’ll gladly change-dd- It’s the truth I’m after-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Many of the anxieties that harass you are superfluous… Expand into an ampler region, letting your thought sweep over the entire universe-dd- Marcus Aurelius . We define ourselves far too often by our past failures-dd- That’s not you-dd- You are this person right now-dd- You’re the person who has learned from those failures-dd- Joe Rogan . Repeated failure will toughen your spirit and show you with absolute clarity how things must be done-dd- Robert Greene . Withstand the setbacks and failures, the days of drudgery, and the hard work that are always a part of any creative action-dd- Robert Greene . Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth-dd- Pema Chödrön . No amount of anxiety makes any difference to anything that is going to happen-dd- Alan Watts . Life’s three best teachers: heartbreak, empty pocket, failures-dd- Haemin Sunim . Fear is the basis of all suffering-dd- Both desire and anger are manifestations of fear-dd- Fear itself is a creation of your mind-dd- It does not exist independently-dd- Since it is a fabrication, you don’t have to fight it-dd- Just understand it-dd- Understanding is the key to freedom-dd- The Ancient Sage . Don’t let fear, low self-esteem and the negative voices hold you back from your true destiny-dd- David Goggins . Learn to fail with pride — and do so fast and cleanly-dd- Maximise trial and error — by mastering the error part-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . The cause of an event is often unclear-dd- You will feel less anxiety if you can learn to be comfortable with ambiguity-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Human beings worry incessantly about their social status-dd- Making every device “socially connected” turned every device into an anxiety machine-dd- The machine becomes symbolic of the set of all people that may be judging you-dd- If “hell is other people” then hell is in our pocket-dd- The Stoic Emperor . If you are ever tempted to look for outside approval, realize that you have compromised your integrity-dd- If you need a witness, be your own-dd- Epictetus . Focus on the moment, not the monsters that may or may not be up ahead-dd- Ryan Holiday . Don’t grieve-dd- Anything you lose comes round in another form-dd- Rumi . Live as if you died, but were resuscitated and every minute was a gift-dd- The Daily Stoic . Death could be around the corner, for you, for your friends and for your family-dd- I’m not trying to scare you-dd- I’m just realist-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Death smiles at us all, but all a man can do is smile back-dd- Marcus Aurelius . How ridiculous and how strange to be surprised at anything which happens in life-dd- Marcus Aurelius . You could leave life right now-dd- Let that determine what you do and say and think-dd- Marcus Aurelius . He has stripped away his body and – realizing that at some point soon he will have to abandon mankind and leave all this behind – has dedicated himself to serving justice in all he does, and nature in all that happens-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Keep death and exile before your eyes each day, along with everything that seems terrible — by doing so, you’ll never have a base thought nor will you have excessive desire-dd- Epictetus . Life has more meaning in the face of death-dd- Robert Greene . By becoming deeply aware of our mortality, we intensify our experience of every aspect of life-dd- Robert Greene . There will come a time in the distant future, where no one will know who you were, no one will know of your existence and contributions, no one will know your pain and suffering, and your happiness-dd- Time will wipe away both men and the memories of men-dd- Let yourself be free-dd- Life Math Money . Things you won’t say on your deathbed: “I wish I paid more attention to what other people think”-dd- Johnny Uzan . Life is all the more precious and beautiful because it is so fleeting-dd- Jack Kornfield . I’m not afraid of dying-dd- I’m afraid not to have lived-dd- Wim Hof . There is no cure for birth and death save to enjoy the interval-dd- George Santayana . By contemplating the impermanence of everything in the world, we are forced to recognize that every time we do something could be the last time we do it, and this recognition can invest the things we do with a significance and intensity that would otherwise be absent-dd- William B-dd- Irvine . Some reach the heights of power-dd- Some live quiet lives of virtue and purpose-dd- Some seek nothing but mischief-dd- All find their way to the grave-dd- Time will make ashes of us all-dd- Do not squander this moment-dd- It will not come again-dd- The Stoic Emperor . What is quite unlooked for is more crushing in its effect, and unexpectedness adds to the weight of a disaster-dd- The fact that it was unforeseen has never failed to intensify a person’s grief-dd- This is a reason for ensuring that nothing ever takes us by surprise-dd- We should project our thoughts ahead of us at every turn and have in mind every possible eventuality instead of only the usual course of events-dd- Seneca . This is why we need to envisage every possibility and to strengthen the spirit to deal with the things which may conceivably come about-dd- Rehearse them in your mind: exile, torture, war, shipwreck-dd- Misfortune may snatch you away from your country… If we do not want to be overwhelmed and struck numb by rare events as if they were unprecedented ones; fortune needs envisaging in a thoroughly comprehensive way-dd- Seneca . That person has lost their children: you too, can lose yours; that person received sentence of death: your innocence too, stands under the hammer-dd- This is the fallacy that takes us in and makes us weak while we suffer misfortunes that we never foresaw that we could suffer-dd- The person who has anticipated the coming of troubles takes away their power when they arrive-dd- Seneca . Since every man dies, it is better to die with distinction than to live long-dd- Musonius Rufus . It’s better to conquer grief than to deceive it-dd- Seneca . Let us prepare our minds as if we’d come to the very end of life-dd- Let us postpone nothing-dd- Seneca . All cruelty springs from weakness-dd- Seneca . The best answer to anger is silence-dd- Marcus Aurelius . How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Not to display anger or other emotions-dd- To be free of passion and yet full of love-dd- Marcus Aurelius (What Marcus learned from Sextus) . It is our own opinions that disturb us-dd- Take away these opinions then, and resolve to dismiss your judgment about an act as if it were something grievous, and your anger is gone-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Yes, you can — if you do everything as if it were the last thing you were doing in life, and stop being aimless, stop letting your emotions override what your mind tells you, stop being hypocritical, self-centered, irritable-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Being angry means your lizard brain took control-dd- Being calm means you stayed above your emotions-dd- Maxime Lagacé . At any given moment, you can choose to follow the chain of thoughts, emotions, and sensations that reinforce a perception of yourself as vulnerable and limited, or to remember that your true nature is pure, unconditioned, and incapable of being harmed-dd- Mingyur Rinpoche . Humility is a knowledge of our weaknesses, confidence is a knowledge of our strengths, and ego is something dangerous with none of the former and a skewed sense of the latter-dd- The Daily Stoic . Emotions are easily hijacked by illusory threats that tap into our insecurities-dd- We can’t be strategically dynamic if we are always on the defensive-dd- We are more effective when we realize how many things don’t require any response at all-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Happiness is a choice-dd- Forgiveness is a choice-dd- Acceptance, anger, desire, love… all choices-dd- Your time-dd- Your choice-dd- Scott Shaw . Your true self is not your emotion such as anger, frustration or hate-dd- It is the inner witness that knows the rise and fall of your emotion-dd- Haemin Sunim . People think that if they complain about life, life or the world might change-dd- But of course this does not happen-dd- You cannot change Nature and its laws-dd- It is what it is-dd- No amount of complaining, resentment or mourning will help-dd- Accept, let go and move on-dd- The Ancient Sage . If you drop your ego, don’t take things personally and adopt a detached perspective, your ability to deal with all types of people/situations will immensely improve-dd- The Ancient Sage . Ignoring someone is more powerful than hating them-dd- Hate means that you are somehow bothered by the person and can’t stop thinking about them-dd- They possess you-dd- Indifference indicates that you just don’t care-dd- It is freedom-dd- The Ancient Sage . Greatness starts with the replacement of hatred with polite disdain-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . If we seek social status, we give other people power over us: We have to do things calculated to make them admire us, and we have to refrain from doing things that will trigger their disfavor-dd- William B-dd- Irvine . It is a narrow passageway that leads to the garden of contentment-dd- Big egos don’t fit-dd- The Stoic Emperor . A minute of rage can undo a lifetime of diligent effort-dd- Self-control is self-preservation-dd- Most of us won’t look back on the moments we acted in anger as among our finest-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Do not act when the tide of rage flows in-dd- Wait for it to go out-dd- Then act with reason and proportion-dd- The Stoic Emperor . To not be distracted by the darkness of others, to head towards the light-dd- To be good without hesitation, even when other people are not-dd- That’s our job-dd- The Daily Stoic . Whatever seems lofty is dangerous… Those whom an unfavorable fortune has placed in a critical position will be safer if they eliminate pride from their proud circumstances and bring down their fortune as much as possible to a lowly state-dd- Seneca . Zoom out-dd- In the grand scheme of things, is this really going to affect you-qq- We can’t even remember what we were doing 5 days ago, let alone five years-dd- What matters is how you feel now-dd- If it makes you upset, let it go-dd- If it feels good, let it consume you-dd- Thibaut . Once the ego inflates it will only come back to earth through some jarring failure-dd- Robert Greene . Do not envy those who seems naturally gifted; it is often a curse-dd- Robert Greene . When you think you’re done, you’re only at 40% of your body’s capability-dd- David Goggins . Even if you are hurting, never let your competition see the look of defeat or even vulnerability on your face-dd- David Goggins . You’re never given more pain than you can handle-dd- Byron Katie . It will only hurt if you keep remembering it but a true stoic looks forward-dd- Maxime Lagacé . What is the point of dragging up sufferings that are over, of being miserable now, because you were miserable then-qq- Seneca . You don’t suffer because things are impermanent-dd- You suffer because things are impermanent and you think they are permanent-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Pain is neither intolerable nor everlasting if you bear in mind that it has its limits, and if you add nothing to it in imagination-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Change is never painful, only your resistance to change is painful-dd- Buddhist proverb . The pain and boredom we experience in the initial stage of learning a skill toughens our minds-dd- Robert Greene . Does what’s happened keep you from acting with justice, generosity, self-control, sanity, prudence, honesty, humility, straightforwardness, and all other qualities that allow a person’s nature to fulfil itself-qq- So remember this principle when something threatens to cause you pain: the thing itself was no misfortune at all; to endure it and prevail is great good fortune-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Life is full of suffering-dd- Yes-dd- Why should it be otherwise-qq- Embrace-dd- Endure-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Why does he smile when misfortune strikes-qq- He knows it is an opportunity to cultivate virtue-dd- Death, loss, decline-dd- These things come for us all-dd- Facing pain is how we make ready-dd- Adversity sharpens the blade of will-dd- Greet the test gladly-dd- Endure-dd- The Stoic Emperor . We must be willing to roll the dice and lose-dd- Prepare, at the end of the day, for none of it to work-dd- Ryan Holiday . The path of least resistance is a terrible teacher-dd- Ryan Holiday . All greatness comes from suffering-dd- Naval Ravikant . Pay attention to your enemies, for they are the first to discover your mistakes-dd- Antisthenes . What people say or think about him, or how they treat him, isn’t something he worries about-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Accustom yourself to criticism-dd- Robert Greene . Can you take criticism and use it constructively-qq- Robert Greene . Become your own worst critic; see your work as if through the eyes of others-dd- Robert Greene . You must not be afraid of your uniqueness and you must care less and less what people think of you-dd- Robert Greene . Understand: a critic doesn’t disturb you, it disturbs your ego-dd- You want to know the truth-dd- Your ego is scared of it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Never be angry at someone for telling you the truth, no matter how unpleasant-dd- Life Math Money . Not reacting to deliberate provocation is a superpower-dd- If you have the awareness and self-control to not react predictably, there is nothing that can put you off your path-dd- Remember: the only enemy you need to fear is your own self – your lack of awareness and loss of control-dd- The Ancient Sage . Do not care what others think of you-dd- Be an unapologetic rebel-dd- The masses are lost-dd- Looking up to them for guidance is like a person with eyes looking up to the blind-dd- Feel free to do your own thing without fearing the disapproval of others-dd- If they don’t like it’s their problem-dd- The Ancient Sage . Many think great success will pacify their critics-dd- Quite the contrary-dd- Criticism will multiply as you grow and progress-dd- Positive attention does not come without negative attention-dd- This is the price of having an impact-dd- The Stoic Emperor . We find comfort among those who agree with us – growth among those who don’t-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . Most people who doubt you doubt you because they can never see themselves doing what you are trying to do-dd- David Goggins . Your reputation is harmed the most by what you say to defend it-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . If evil be spoken of you and it be true, correct yourself, if it’s a lie, laugh at it-dd- Epictetus . Love without sacrifice is like theft-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . It is a sign of weakness to avoid showing signs of weakness-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Life without love would be a strange thing-dd- But don’t be surprised if you get burned-dd- Maxime Lagacé . You don’t love yourself enough-dd- Or you’d love your nature too, and what it demands of you-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Accustom yourself to attend carefully to what is said by another, and as much as it is possible, try to inhabit the speaker’s mind-dd- Marcus Aurelius . A fit body, a calm mind, a house full of love-dd- These things cannot be bought — they must be earned-dd- Naval Ravikant . There is nothing more precious than trust-dd- Low trust environments are full of friction and inefficiency-dd- Every interaction is a fierce negotiation-dd- Trust makes a marriage warm and a nation wealthy-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You don’t develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday-dd- You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity-dd- Epicurus . It is not so much our friends’ help that helps us as the confident knowledge that they will help us-dd- Epicurus . Fragile egos make for fragile friendships-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Keep company only with people who uplift you-dd- Epictetus . Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness-dd- Seneca . We should love all our dear ones… but always with the thought that we have no promise that we may keep them forever—nay, no promise even that we may keep them for long-dd- Seneca . A gift consists not in what is done or given, but in the intention of the giver or doer-dd- Seneca . Life is so hard, how can we be anything but kind-qq- Jack Kornfield . The secret of all victory lies in the organization of the non-obvious-dd- Marcus Aurelius . If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid-dd- Epictetus . Winning is not about talent, being smart, taking shortcuts-dd- It’s about finding the right thing to do, and doing it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The mind should not be kept continuously at the same pitch of concentration, but given amusing diversions… Our minds must relax: they will rise better and keener after a rest-dd- Just as you must not force fertile farmland, as uninterrupted productivity will soon exhaust it, so constant effort will sap our mental vigor, while a short period of rest and relaxation will restore our powers-dd- Seneca . If you accomplish something good with hard work, the labor passes quickly, but the good endures; if you do something shameful in pursuit of pleasure, the pleasure passes quickly, but the shame endures-dd- Musonius Rufus . Lean into the discomfort of the work-dd- Brené Brown . What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him-dd- Viktor Frankl . Eventually, the time that was not spent on learning skills will catch up with you, and the fall will be painful-dd- Robert Greene . You are not tied to a particular position; your loyalty is not to a career or company-dd- Robert Greene . Understand: people will constantly attack you in life-dd- One of their main weapons will be to instill in you doubts about yourself-dd- They will often disguise this as their objective opinion, but invariably it has a political purpose – they want to keep you down-dd- Robert Greene . If it is time to rest, rest completely-dd- A good rest rejuvenates you so that you may do quality work-dd- If it is time to work, work with complete focus-dd- Time spent working earnestly earns you a well deserved rest-dd- Don’t mix work and rest; this compromises the quality of both-dd- The Ancient Sage . If you’re more passionate about founding a business than the business itself, you can fall into a ten year trap-dd- Better to stay emotionally unattached and select the best opportunity that arises-dd- Applies to relationships too-dd- Naval Ravikant . Weak men act to satisfy their needs, stronger men their duties-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . A single day among the learned lasts longer than the longest life of the ignorant-dd- Posidonius . Discomfort is your friend-dd- It doesn’t matter if you’re sick, if you have kids… if you’re a pro, you go to work-dd- Joe Rogan . People tend to avoid the important work they fear by doing unimportant work that wears them out-dd- They suppress anxiety with exhaustion, but they do not address the source of the problem-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Finding information is easier than ever-dd- Filtering information is harder than ever-dd- We are bombarded with irrelevant data and unsolicited stimulation-dd- Choosing what to ignore is as important as choosing what to pay attention to-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Bad companies are destroyed by crisis-dd- Good companies survive them-dd- Great individuals, like great companies, find a way to transform weakness into strength-dd- Ryan Holiday . It’s waiting that helps you as an investor, and a lot of people just can’t stand to wait-dd- Charlie Munger . You need patience, discipline, and an agility to take losses and adversity without going crazy-dd- Charlie Munger . Our job is to find a few intelligent things to do, not to keep up with every damn thing in the world-dd- Charlie Munger . It’s not supposed to be easy-dd- Anyone who finds it easy is stupid-dd- Charlie Munger . Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking-dd- Marcus Aurelius . 