I don’t think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains-dd- Anne Frank . I’ve never seen a smiling face that was not beautiful-dd- Unknown . Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it-dd- Confucius . The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them-dd- David Hume . You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed-dd- And you are beautiful-dd- Amy Bloom . Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself-dd- Coco Chanel . You may be one person to the world but you may also be the world to one person-dd- Audrey Hepburn . The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it-dd- Richard Bach . It’s just a bad day-dd- Not a bad life-dd- . Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads-dd- Anatole France . Whenever you are creating beauty around you, you are restoring your own soul-dd- Alice Walker . This is a wonderful day, I have never seen this one before-dd- Maya Angelou . There is no perfection, only beautiful versions of brokenness-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Nothing makes a woman more beautiful than the belief that she is beautiful-dd- Sophia Loren . There is a road from the eye to the heart that does not go through the intellect-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . Love of beauty is taste-dd- The creation of beauty is art-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing-dd- Mother Teresa . Whereas the beautiful is limited, the sublime is limitless, so that the mind in the presence of the sublime, attempting to imagine what it cannot, has pain in the failure but pleasure in contemplating the immensity of the attempt-dd- Immanuel Kant . When was the last time you just closed your eyes and just listened-qq- Maxime Lagacé . It’s lovely to know that the world can’t interfere with the inside of your head-dd- Frank McCourt . Childhood means simplicity-dd- Look at the world with the child’s eye – it is very beautiful-dd- Kailash Satyarthi . Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts-dd- Charles Dickens . Beauty is strangely various-dd- There is the beauty of light and joy and strength exulting; but there is also the beauty of shade, of sorrow and sadness, and of humility oppressed-dd- Arnold Bennett . Your happy ending may not be what you expect, but that is what will make it so special-dd- Snow White (Once Upon a Time) . Outer beauty is a gift-dd- Inner beauty is an accomplishment-dd- Randi G-dd- Fine . We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars-dd- Oscar Wilde . Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future-dd- Oscar Wilde . The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone-dd- Johann von Goethe . A morning-glory at my window satisfies me more than the metaphysics of books-dd- Walt Whitman . Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Kindness is like snow – It beautifies everything it covers-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Kindness makes you the most beautiful person in the world, no matter what you look like-dd- Unknown . Beauty is a nectar which intoxicates the soul-dd- T-dd-C-dd- Henley . Nobody is superior, nobody is inferior, but nobody is equal either-dd- People are simply unique, incomparable-dd- You are you-dd- I am I-dd- Osho . I don’t like standard beauty – there is no beauty without strangeness-dd- Karl Lagerfeld (Chanel) . To be beautiful means to be yourself-dd- You don’t need to be accepted by others-dd- You need to accept yourself-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Beauty is the promise of happiness-dd- Stendhal . Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes-dd- It is not something physical-dd- Sophia Loren . Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . Beauty is visible music-dd- T-dd-C-dd- Henley . Beauty is man’s voucher of immorality-dd- T-dd-C-dd- Henley . Ever tried-dd- Ever failed-dd- No matter-dd- Try Again-dd- Fail again-dd- Fail better-dd- Samuel Beckett . How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world-dd- Anne Frank . There is no torture that a woman would not endure to enhance her beauty-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Dwell on the beauty of life-dd- Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror-dd- Kahlil Gibran . When you have only two pennies left in the world, buy a loaf of bread with one, and a lily with the other-dd- Chinese proverb . Beauty is in the eye of the beholder-dd- Greek proverb . All little girls should be told they are pretty, even if they aren’t-dd- Marilyn Monroe . When you do something noble and beautiful and nobody noticed, do not be sad-dd- For the sun every morning is a beautiful spectacle and yet most of the audience still sleeps-dd- John Lennon . Beauty-qq- To me it is a word without sense because I do not know where its meaning comes from nor where it leads to-dd- Pablo Picasso . I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their good intellects-dd- Oscar Wilde . The ideals which have always shone before me and filled me with joy are goodness, beauty, and truth-dd- Albert Einstein . The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious – the fundamental emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science-dd- Albert Einstein . Our task must be to free ourselves… by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and it’s beauty-dd- Albert Einstein . The most beautiful make-up of a woman is passion-dd- But cosmetics are easier to buy-dd- Yves Saint Laurent . Don’t let them say you ain’t beautiful-dd- They can all get fucked, just stay true to you-dd- Eminem . There is no exquisite beauty without some strangeness in the proportion-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . The best and most beautiful things in life cannot be seen, not touched, but are felt in the heart-dd- Helen Keller . Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow-dd- Helen Keller . A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous-dd- Coco Chanel . The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . How lucky am I to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard-dd- Winnie The Pooh . A flower blossoms for its own joy-dd- Oscar Wilde . Individually, we are one drop-dd- Together, we are an ocean-dd- Ryunosuke Satoro . Beauty is a delightful prejudice-dd- Theocritus . A thing of beauty is a joy forever-dd- John Keats . Poetry moves heaven and earth-dd- Japanese proverb . Butterflies come to pretty flowers-dd- Korean proverb . Beauty awakens the soul to act-dd- Dante Alighieri . Beautiful things don’t ask for attention-dd- Unknown . It’s okay not to be okay-dd- Unknown . There is beauty in simplicity-dd- Unknown . Be-you-tiful-dd- Unknown . Find yourself and be that-dd- Unknown . Close your eyes and see the beauty-dd- Unknown . The beautiful is always bizarre-dd- Charles Baudelaire . Different is beautiful-dd- Dare to be different-dd- Unknown . Be your own kind of beautiful-dd- Unknown . Look around you-dd- Appreciate what you have-dd- Nothing will be the same in a year-dd- Unknown . Sometimes there is such beauty in awkwardness-dd- Ruta Sepetys . Madame, beauty is always queen, and the whole world her empire-dd- Joseph II . Beauty and folly are sisters-dd- German proverb . Beauty and folly are generally companions-dd- Baltasar Gracián . Beauty always promises, but never gives anything-dd- Simone Weil . Because you are alive, everything is possible-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If you see something beautiful in someone, speak it-dd- Ruthie Lindsey . You are good enough, smart enough, beautiful enough, strong enough-dd- @LollyDaskal . You are loved-dd- You are wonderfully made-dd- You are beautiful-dd- You have purpose-dd- You are a masterpiece-dd- Unknown . Over the centuries, people have placed a wall around mastery-dd- They have called it genius and have thought of it as inaccessible…But that wall is imaginary-dd- This is the real secret: the brain that we possess…was designed to lead us to mastery-dd- Robert Greene . Everything that is made beautiful and fair and lovely is made for the eye of one who sees-dd- Rumi . Live your life each day as you would climb a mountain-dd- An occasional glance towards the summit keeps the goal in mind, but many beautiful scenes are to be observed from each new vantage point-dd- Harold B-dd- Melchart . The appearance of things changes according to the emotions; and thus we see magic and beauty in them, while the magic and beauty are really in ourselves-dd- Kahlil Gibran . When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it-dd- Paulo Coelho . Small minds can’t comprehend big spirits-dd- To be great, you have to be willing to be mocked, hated, and misunderstood-dd- Unknown . Look up at the stars and not down at your feet-dd- Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist-dd- Be curious-dd- Stephen Hawking . Be strong, be fearless, be beautiful-dd- And believe that anything is possible when you have the right people there to support you-dd- Misty Copeland . You never look at anything beautiful and holy, or think a pure and noble thought, without being ever after a larger soul-dd- Frederick Lynch . Start over; my darling-dd- Be brave enough to find the life you want and courageous enough to chase it-dd- Then start over and love yourself the way you were always meant to-dd- Madalyn Beck . Yes: I am a dreamer-dd- For a dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world-dd- Oscar Wilde . Someday everything will make perfect sense-dd- So, for now, laugh at the confusion, smile through the tears, and keep reminding yourself that everything happens for a reason-dd- Unknown . Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do-dd- Oprah Winfrey . In every man’s heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty-dd- Christopher Morley . If you feel beautiful, then you are-dd- Even if you don’t, you still are-dd- Terri Guillemets . This sky where we live is no place to lose your wings-dd- So love, love, love-dd- Hafez . I have learned that every heart will get what is prays for most-dd- Hafez . It’s never too late for a new beginning in your life-dd- Joyce Meyers . There are no bad pictures; that’s just how your face looks sometimes-dd- Abraham Lincoln . It is better to be beautiful than good, but it is better to be good than ugly-dd- Oscar Wilde . It’s a good thing that beauty is only skin deep, or I’d be rotten to the core-dd- Phyllis Diller . Remember that the most beautiful things in the world are the most useless; peacocks and lilies for instance-dd- John Ruskin . Summer afternoon — summer afternoon; to me those have always been the two most beautiful words in the English language-dd- Henry James . We try to achieve beauty by covering up all traces of age and end up looking like we tried to achieve youth by covering up all traces of beauty-dd- Robert Brault . That’s always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people want to be around someone because they’re pretty-dd- It’s like picking your breakfeast cereals based on color instead of taste-dd- John Green . I’m tired of all this nonsense about beauty being only skin-deep-dd- That’s deep enough-dd- What do you want — an adorable pancreas-qq- Jean Kerr . Beauty doesn’t have to be about anything-dd- What’s a vase about-qq- What’s a sunset or a flower about-qq- What, for that matter, is Mozart’s Twenty-third Piano Concerto about-qq- Douglas Adams . Beauty, to me, is about being comfortable in your own skin-dd- That, or a kick-ass red lipstick-dd- Gwyneth Paltrow . You say freak, I say unique-dd- Christian Baloga . The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth-dd- Lao Tzu . In the end, we’ll all become stories-dd- Margaret Atwood . A beautiful soul has no other merit than its own existence-dd- Friedrich von Schiller . Instinct is a marvelous thing-dd- It can neither be explained nor ignored-dd- Agatha Christie . Light will someday split you open, even if your life is now a cage-dd- Little by little you will turn into stars-dd- Hafez . You use a glass mirror to see your face: you use works of art to see your soul-dd- George Bernard Shaw . What humbugs we are, who pretend to live for Beauty, and never see the Dawn-xx- Logan Pearsall Smith . When you say ‘Black is beautiful’ you are saying, ‘Man you are okay as you are, begin to look upon yourself as a human being-dd- Steven Biko . Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time-dd- Albert Camus . Beauty unites all things, links together flower and star, with chains more certain than those of reason-dd- The poet, the artist, thus finds the clue which guides them in their pilgrimage throughout the world-dd- Henry James Slack . Girls aren’t beautiful, they’re pretty-dd- Beautiful is too heavy a word to assign to a girl-dd- Women are beautiful because their faces show that they know, they have lost something and picked up something else-dd- Henry Rollins . Everything passes away – suffering, pain, blood, hunger, pestilence-dd- The sword will pass away too, but the stars will remain when the shadows of our presence and our deeds have vanished from the Earth-dd- There is no man who does not know that-dd- Why, then, will we not turn our eyes toward the stars-qq- Why-qq- Mikhail Bulgakov . Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . How terrible this darkness was, how bewildering, and yet mysteriously beautiful-xx- Stefan Zweig . It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness-dd- Leo Tolstoy . If a man cannot understand the beauty of life, it is probably because life never understood the beauty in him-dd- Criss Jami . You’re like a gray sky-dd- You’re beautiful, even though you don’t want to be-dd- Jasmine Warga . We need beauty because it makes us ache to be worthy of it-dd- Mary Oliver . A woman who cannot be ugly is not beautiful-dd- Karl Kraus . Beauty deprived of its proper foils and adjuncts ceases to be enjoyed as beauty, just as light deprived of all shadows ceases to be enjoyed as light-dd- John Ruskin . Tell them dear, that if eyes were made for seeing, then beauty is its own excuse for being-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Our hearts are drunk with a beauty our eyes could never see-dd- George W-dd- Russell . Plainness has its peculiar temptations quite as much as beauty-dd- George Eliot . What delights us in visible beauty is the invisible-dd- Marie Dubsky . One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful-dd- Sigmund Freud . The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express-dd- Francis Bacon . All the diversity, all the charm, and all the beauty of life are made up of light and shade-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Do not beautify your appearance, but be beautiful in your way of life-dd- Thales of Miletus . Pure design appeals to the eye just as absolute music appeals to the ear-dd- Denman Waldo Ross . Sometimes people are beautiful-dd- Not in looks-dd- Not in what they say-dd- Just in what they are-dd- Markus Zusak . The criterion of true beauty is that it increases on examination; of false, that it lessens-dd- Fulke Greville . When I am working on a problem I never think about beauty-dd- I only think about how to solve the problem-dd- But when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong-dd- Buckminster Fuller . When people see some things as beautiful, other things become ugly-dd- When people see some things as good, other things become bad-dd- Lao Tzu . For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Beauty is no quality in things themselves: It exists merely in the mind which contemplates them; and each mind perceives a different beauty-dd- David Hume . I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of beauty-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Don’t cry over the past, it’s gone-dd- Don’t stress about the future, it hasn’t arrived-dd- Live in the present and make it beautiful-dd- Unknown . Why do we close our eyes when we pray, cry, kiss or dream-qq- Because the most beautiful things in life are not seen but felt by the heart-dd- Unknown . Faith makes all things possible-dd- Hope makes all things work-dd- Love makes all things beautiful-dd- May you have all three-dd- Unknown . If you foolishly ignore beauty, then you will soon find yourself without it-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . Beauty intoxicates the eyes, as wine does the body; both are morally fatal if indulged-dd- John Godfrey Saxe . That which is striking and beautiful is not always good, but that which is good is always beautiful-dd- Ninon de L’Enclos . Beauty without grace is a hook without a bait-dd- Ninon de l’Enclos . We are here to awaken from our illusion of separateness-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . But he who dares not grasp the thorn-dd- Should never crave the rose-dd- Anne Brontë . No man is a failure who is enjoying life-dd- William Feather . Happy girls are the prettiest-dd- Audrey Hepburn . The longer I live, the more beautiful life becomes-dd- Frank Lloyd Wrigh . Like a child be happy for no reason-dd- Unknown . Blessed are they who see beautiful things in humble places where other people see nothing-dd- Camille Pissarro . When you leave a beautiful place, you carry it with you wherever you go-dd- Alexandra Stoddard . You find peace not by rearranging the circumstances of your life, but by realizing who you are at the deepest level-dd- Eckart Tolle . Life ain’t always beautiful, but it’s a beautiful ride-dd- Gary Allan . Live quietly in the moment and see the beauty of all before you-dd- The future will take care of itself-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . Waking up this morning, I smile-dd- Twenty-four brand new hours are before me-dd- I vow to live fully in each moment and to look at all beings with eyes of compassion-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . For lack of attention a thousand forms of loveliness elude us every day-dd- Evelyn Underhill . Taking joy in living is a woman’s best cosmetic-dd- Rosalind Russell . People are like stained-glass windows-dd- They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within-dd- Elisabeth Kubler-Ross . There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness-dd- Lady Blessington . Happiness is what makes you pretty-dd- Period-dd- Happy people are beautiful-dd- They become like a mirror and they reflect that happiness-dd- Drew Barrymore . A man should hear a little music, read a little poetry, and see a fine picture every day of his life, in order that worldly cares may not obliterate the sense of the beautiful which God has implanted in the human soul-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The power of finding beauty in the humblest things makes home happy and life lovely-dd- Louisa May Alcott . You were given life; it is your duty (and also your entitlement as a human being) to find something beautiful within life, no matter how slight-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . The world is merciless, and it’s also very beautiful-dd- Hajime Isayama . A lonely day is God’s way of saying that he wants to spend some quality time with you-dd- Criss Jami . Beauty and health are the chief sources of happiness-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . When life is sweet, say thank you and celebrate-dd- When life is bitter, say thank you and grow-dd- Shauna Niquist . Detachment is not that you should own nothing but that nothing should own you-dd- Unknown . Because, little dreamer, there is more truth in imagination than there is in “real life”-dd- Erin Van Vuren . To lose balance sometimes for love is part of living a balanced life-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert (Eat, Pray, Love) . At some point, you gotta let go, and sit still, and allow contentment to come to you-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert (Eat, Pray, Love) . Death must be so beautiful-dd- To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one’s head, and listen to silence-dd- To have no yesterday, and no tomorrow-dd- To forget time, to forgive life, to be at peace-dd- Oscar Wilde . Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy-dd- Anne Frank . Behind every beautiful thing, there’s been some kind of pain-dd- Bob Dylan . To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance-dd- Oscar Wilde . It is beautiful to express love and even more beautiful to feel it-dd- Dejan Stojanovic . Beauty is ordained by nature to excite love-dd- Vicesimus Knox . In true love, you attain freedom-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Beauty is when you can appreciate yourself-dd- When you love yourself, that’s when you’re most beautiful-dd- Zoe Kravitz . Beauty has so many forms, and I think the most beautiful thing is confidence and loving yourself-dd- Kiesza . The most precious gift we can offer others is our presence-dd- When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . There is nothing more beautiful than seeing a person being themselves-dd- Imagine going through your day being unapologetically you-dd- Steve Maraboli . The heart is a thousand-stringed instrument that can only be tuned with love-dd- Hafez . What one heart can do for another heart-dd- Is there any beauty in the world that can match this-qq- Hafez . I will always lean my heart as close to your soul as I can-dd- Hafez . Do I love you because you’re beautiful, or are you beautiful because I love you-qq- Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II . If love is blind, then maybe a blind person that loves has a greater understanding of it-dd- Criss Jami . I do not ask how the wounded person feels-dd- I myself become the wounded-dd- Walt Whitman . I love her, and that’s the beginning and end of everything-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . Out beyond the ideas of wrongdoing and rightdoing, there is a field-dd- I’ll meet you there-dd- Rumi . I don’t care how hard being together is, nothing is worse than being apart-dd- Josephine Angelini . You don’t love someone for their looks, or their clothes or for their fancy car but because they sing a song only you can hear-dd- Oscar Wilde . I loved you like a man loves a woman he never touches, only writes to, keeps little photographs of-dd- Charles Bukowski . Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get – only with what you are expecting to give – which is everything-dd- Katharine Hepburn . Beauty is about being comfortable in your own skin-dd- It’s about knowing and accepting who you are-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . And if you are to love, love as the moon loves; it does not steal the night – it only unveils the beauty of the dark-dd- Isra Al-Thibeh . This is a good sign, having a broken heart-dd- It means we have tried for something-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert (Eat, Pray, Love) . But my body was like a harp and her words and gestures were like fingers running upon the wires-dd- James Joyce . Be the love you never received-dd- Rune Lazuli . When you fall for someone, everything they do becomes beautiful-dd- Unknown . Things are beautiful if you love them-dd- Jean Anouilh . Your smile brightens the lives of all who see it-dd- Dale Carnegie . Just one smile immensely increases the beauty of the universe-dd- Sri Chinmoy . A beautiful smile without any reason is the smile of the existence-dd- Mehmet Murat ildan . To me there is no picture so beautiful as smiling, bright-eyed, happy children; no music so sweet as their clear and ringing laughter-dd- P-dd- T-dd- Barnum . A smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is a caring, sharing person inside-dd- Denis Waitley . Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Look at flowers, butterflies, trees, and children with the eyes of compassion-dd- Compassion will change your life and make it wonderful-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . A smile remains the most inexpensive gift I can bestow on anyone and yet its powers can vanquish kingdoms-dd- Og Mandino . Smile carry your magical fragrance and vibrations which sooth the surroundings where you go-dd- Kishore Bansal . Just sharing one little smile can change someone’s whole world-dd- Heather Wolf . Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you-dd- Les Brown . One smile in the morning can change your mood for the entire day-dd- One hug in the evening can usher you into cheerful night dreams you will never regret-dd- Israelmore Ayivor . Your smile brightens the lives of all who see it-dd- To someone who has seen a dozen people frown, scowl or turn their faces away, your smile is like the sun breaking through the clouds-dd- Dale Carnegie . The most beautiful smile is the one for someone who isn’t there, who just popped on your mind-dd- Ahlam Mosteghanemi . Beauty is power; a smile is its sword-dd- John Ray . The best blessing that you can give is your beautiful smile-dd- Debasish Mridha . Her smile is the simplest miracle that she can create anytime-dd- Tara Estacaan . One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Count your age by friends, not years-dd- Count your life by smiles, not tears-dd- John Lennon . No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another-dd- Charles Dickens . No one has ever become poor by giving-dd- Anne Frank . There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up-dd- John Holmes . You have not lived today until you have done something for someone who can never repay you-dd- John Bunyan . Strong people don’t put others down… They lift them up-dd- Michael P-dd- Watson . When you’re up in life, your friends get to know who you are-dd- When you’re down in life, you get to know who your friends are-dd- Unknown . To make a difference in someone’s life you don’t have to be rich, beautiful, or perfect-dd- You just have to care-dd- Mandy Hale . True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable-dd- David Tyson Gentry . Good works is giving to the poor and the helpless, but divine works is showing them their worth to the one who matters-dd- Criss Jami . Appreciation is an excellent thing-dd- It makes what is excellent in others belong to us, as well-dd- Voltaire . You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you-dd- Dale Carnegie . The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart-dd- Elizabeth Foley . How beautiful is it to find someone who asks for nothing but your company-dd- Unknown . The words that enlighten the soul are more precious than jewels-dd- Hazrat Inayat Khan . Talk with people who make you see the world differently-dd- Unknown . When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed-dd- Maya Angelou . If you have much, give of your wealth; if you have little, give of your heart-dd- Arabian proverb . The poetry of earth is never dead-dd- John Keats . The fall of a leaf is a whisper to the living-dd- Russian proverb . The earth has its music for those who will listen-dd- George Santanaya . Nothing is more beautiful than the loveliness of the woods before sunrise-dd- George Washington Carver . If we surrendered to earth’s intelligence we could rise up rooted, like trees-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower-dd- Albert Camus . The day I see a leaf is a marvel of a day-dd- Kenneth Patton . Not just beautiful, though – the stars are like the trees in the forest, alive and breathing-dd- And they’re watching me-dd- Haruki Murakami . Do not dissect a rainbow-dd- In other words, do not destroy a beautiful phenomenon by overanalyzing it-dd- Denise LaFrance . It is a wholesome and necessary thing for us to turn again to the earth and in the contemplation of her beauties to know of wonder and humility-dd- Rachel Carson . Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Raise your words, not voice-dd- It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder-dd- Unknown . Flowers… are a proud assertion that a ray of beauty outvalues all the utilities of the world-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Despite all I have seen and experienced, I still get the same simple thrill out of glimpsing a tiny patch of snow in a high mountain gully and feel the same urge to climb toward it-dd- Edmund Hillary . There’s just something beautiful about walking in snow that nobody else has walked on-dd- It makes you believe you’re special-dd- Carol Rifka Brunt . The first fall of snow is not only an event, it is a magical event-dd- You go to bed in one kind of a world and wake up in another quite different, and if this is not enchantment then where is it to be found-qq- J-dd- B-dd- Priestley . The snow is sparkling like a million little suns-dd- Lama Willa . The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself-dd- Henry Miller . Part 1-dd- Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where Nature may heal and cheer and give strength to body and soul alike-dd- John Muir . Part 2-dd- This natural beauty-hunger is made manifest in the little window-sill gardens of the poor, though perhaps only a geranium slip in a broken cup, as well as in the carefully tended rose and lily gardens of the rich, the thousands of spacious city parks and botanical gardens, and in our magnificent National parks – the Yellowstone, Yosemite, Sequoia, etc-dd- . Part 3-dd- Nature’s sublime wonderlands, the admiration and joy of the world-dd- John Muir . Snow provokes responses that reach right back to childhood-dd- Andy Goldsworthy . We have to walk in a way that we only print peace and serenity on the Earth-dd- Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . The Earth would die if the sun stopped kissing her-dd- Hafez . I could never in a hundred summers get tired of this-dd- Susan Branch . Smell the sea and feel the sky-dd- Let your soul and spirit fly-dd- Van Morrison . A daughter is one of the most beautiful gifts this world has to give-dd- Laurel Atherton . Mother’s love is peace-dd- It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved-dd- Eric Fromm . God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers-dd- Rudyard Kipling . Motherhood: All love begins and ends there-dd- Robert Browning . The love of a family is life’s greatest blessings-dd- Unknown . Children show me in their playful smiles the divine in everyone-dd- Michael Jackson . The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s life-dd- Richard Bach . A happy family is but an earlier heaven-dd- George Bernard Shaw . The family is one of nature’s masterpieces-dd- George Santayana . The informality of family life is a blessed condition that allows us all to become our best while looking our worst-dd- Marge Kennedy . Youth is happy because it has the capacity to see beauty-dd- Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old-dd- Franz Kafka . Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of little children-dd- William Makepeace Thackeray . Rejoice with your family in the beautiful land of life-dd- Albert Einstein . A child’s first teacher is its mother-dd- Peng Liyuan . If evolution really works, how come mothers only have two hands-qq- Milton Berle . A mother’s arms are made of tenderness and children sleep soundly in them-dd- Victor Hugo . As we grow old, the beauty steals inward-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . People are more than just the way they look-dd- Madeleine L’Engle . What you do, the way you think, makes you beautiful-dd- Scott Westerfeld . Take care of your inner, spiritual beauty-dd- That will reflect in your face-dd- Dolores Del Rio . Judge nothing by the appearance-dd- The more beautiful the serpent, the more fatal its sting-dd- William Scott Downey . There is certainly no absolute standard of beauty-dd- That precisely is what makes its pursuit so interesting-dd- John Kenneth Galbraith . You can take no credit for beauty at sixteen-dd- But if you are beautiful at sixty, it will be your soul’s own doing-dd- Marie Stopes . The ultimate power in life is to be completely self-reliant, completely yourself-dd- Robert Greene . No matter how plain a woman may be, if truth and honesty are written across her face, she will be beautiful-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . No better cosmetics than a severe temperance and purity, modesty and humility, a gracious temper and calmness of spirit; no true beauty without the signature of these graces in the very countenance-dd- John Ray . I believe empathy is the most essential quality of civilization-dd- Roger Ebert . She was beautiful, but not like those girls in the magazines-dd- She was beautiful, for the way she thought-dd- She was beautiful, for the sparkle in her eyes when she talked about something she loved-dd- She was beautiful, for her ability to make other people smile, even if she was sad-dd- No, she wasn’t beautiful for something as temporary as her looks-dd- She was beautiful, deep down to her soul-dd- She is beautiful-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . Consider a tree for a moment-dd- As beautiful as trees are to look at, we don’t see what goes on underground – as they grow roots-dd- Trees must develop deep roots in order to grow strong and produce their beauty-dd- But we don’t see the roots-dd- We just see and enjoy the beauty-dd- In much the same way, what goes on inside of us is like the roots of a tree-dd- Joyce Meyer . A beautiful woman delights the eye; a wise woman, the understanding; a pure one, the soul-dd- Minna Antrim . It is beauty that begins to please, and tenderness that completes the charm-dd- Bernard Le Bovier . An ugly personality destroys a beautiful face-dd- Unknown . Inner beauty, too, needs occasionally to be told it is beautiful-dd- Robert Brault . Outer beauty attracts, but inner beauty captivates-dd- Kate Angell . That which does not kill us makes us stronger-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Beauty is being the best possible version of yourself, inside and out-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Real beauty is to be true to oneself-dd- Laetitia Casta . The eyes are the windows of the soul-dd- Thomas Phaer . A pure heart is superlatively rare and even more attractive-dd- J-dd-S-dd-B-dd- Morse . Understand: You should be radiating confidence, not arrogance or disdain-dd- Robert Greene . Beauty is a radiance that originates from within and comes from inner security and strong character-dd- Jane Seymour . The most beautiful thing you can wear is confidence-dd- Blake Lively . Sex appeal is fifty percent what you’ve got and fifty percent what people think you’ve got-dd- Sophia Loren . The pain passes, but the beauty remains-dd- Pierre Auguste Renoir . The most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of those depths-dd- Elisabeth Kubler-Ross . The voice of beauty speaks softly; it creeps only into the most fully awakened souls-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection-dd- To me, that is the true essence of beauty-dd- Steve Maraboli . I wish I could show you when you are lonely or in darkness the astonishing light of your own being-dd- Hafez . Ruin is a gift-dd- Ruin is the road to transformation-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert (Eat, Pray, Love) . Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . If you feel lost, disappointed, hesitant, or weak, return to yourself, to who you are, here and now and when you get there, you will discover yourself, like a lotus flower in full bloom, even in a muddy pond, beautiful and strong-dd- Masaru Emoto . The one law that does not change is that everything changes, and the hardship I was bearing today was only a breath away from the pleasures I would have tomorrow, and those pleasures would be all the richer because of the memories of this I was enduring-dd- Louis L’Amour . There is nothing that makes its way more directly to the soul than beauty-dd- Joseph Addison . Some beautiful paths can’t be discovered without getting lost-dd- Erol Ozan . Follow your inner moonlight; don’t hide the madness-dd- Allen Ginsberg . Beauty is the illumination of your soul-dd- John O’Donohue . An individual human existence should be like a river: small at first, narrowly contained within its banks, and rushing passionately past rocks and over waterfalls-dd- Gradually, the river grows wider, the banks recede, the waters flow more quietly, and in the end, without any visible break, they become merged in the sea, and painlessly lose their individual being-dd- Bertrand Russell . A beautiful thing is never perfect-dd- Egyptian proverb . 