Know that you don’t know-dd- That is superior-dd- Lao Tzu . Knowledge will give you power, but character respect-dd- Bruce Lee . The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand-dd- Frank Herbert . The dumbest people I know are those who know it all-dd- Malcolm Forbes . Real knowledge is intrinsic and it’s built from the ground up-dd- Naval Ravikant . It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows-dd- Epictetus . The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper-dd- Eden Phillpotts . Great knowledge is universal-dd- Small knowledge is limited-dd- Great words are inspiring-dd- Small words are chatter-dd- Zhuangzi . Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it-dd- Albert Einstein . To attain knowledge, add things every day-dd- To attain wisdom, remove things every day-dd- Lao Tzu . Any fool can know-dd- The point is to understand-dd- Albert Einstein . Knowing what you don’t know is more useful than being brilliant-dd- Charlie Munger . The best thing a human being can do is to help another human being know more-dd- Charlie Munger . The best investment you can make, is an investment in yourself… The more you learn, the more you’ll earn-dd- Warren Buffett . Knowledge is a skyscraper-dd- You can take a shortcut with a fragile foundation of memorization, or build slowly upon a steel frame of understanding-dd- Naval Ravikant . The ultimate test of knowledge is self-transformation-dd- Knowledge is of use only if it brings a profound change in yourself-dd- Make sure that your knowledge is qualitative, not just quantitative-dd- The quality of understanding is important, not the quantity of information-dd- The Ancient Sage . Wise people say less than they know-dd- Fools say everything they know and many things they don’t-dd- The Stoic Emperor . When an ordinary man attains knowledge, he is a sage; when a sage attains understanding, he is an ordinary man-dd- Zen proverb . The future belongs to those who learn more skills and combine them in creative ways-dd- Robert Greene . The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance – it is the illusion of knowledge-dd- Daniel J-dd- Boorstin . Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . The desire of knowledge, like the thirst of riches, increases ever with the acquisition of it-dd- Laurence Sterne . Ignorance is the curse of God; knowledge is the wing wherewith we fly to heaven-dd- William Shakespeare . The learning and knowledge that we have is, at the most, but little compared with that of which we are ignorant-dd- Plato . The true lover of knowledge naturally strives for truth, and is not content with common opinion, but soars with undimmed and unwearied passion till he grasps the essential nature of things-dd- Plato . If your goal is lasting insight, consuming news that will be irrelevant next week is a bad strategy-dd- Michael . In an age of information abundance, the only things that really need to be taught are those that are counterintuitive-dd- Michael . The construction timeline of knowledge is similar to a skyscraper, too-dd- Takes forever for the hole to be dug and the foundation poured, then the facade appears quickly-dd- Michael . Almost all Americans own a smartphone or a computer-dd- Each device contains the library of Alexandria-dd- The sum total of all world knowledge-dd- You can learn anything-dd- Why don’t you-qq- Too busy tracking social status-dd- Too enthralled by imagery your evolution can’t resist-dd- The Stoic Emperor . I know just enough to know how little we know-dd- Naval Ravikant . The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination-dd- Albert Einstein . If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow-dd- Rachel Carson . Real knowledge breeds “body feel” and personal expression; surface knowledge breeds mechanical conditioning and imposing limitation and squelches creativity-dd- Bruce Lee . Humility will teach you knowledge, arrogance will teach you ignorance-dd- If you think you know it all, you have learned nothing-dd- Thibaut . Knowledge is power but only wisdom is liberty-dd- Will Durant (This is one of my favorite knowledge quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Knowledge is rooted in all things — the world is a library-dd- Lakota proverb . Knowledge is an unending adventure at the edge of uncertainty-dd- Jacob Bronowski . Knowledge is useful when applied, but over-accumulated for its own sake is a burden-dd- Naval Ravikant . Information is not knowledge-dd- Albert Einstein . Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice-dd- Anton Chekhov . Knowledge is power-dd- Francis Bacon . The only thing that I know, is that I know nothing-dd- René Descartes . Risk comes from not knowing what you’re doing-dd- Warren Buffett . I did then what I knew how to do-dd- Now that I know better, I do better-dd- Maya Angelou . Real knowledge is to know the extent of one’s ignorance-dd- Confucius . I am a part of everything that I have read-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing-dd- Socrates . I have been impressed with the urgency of doing-dd- Knowing is not enough; we must apply-dd- Being willing is not enough; we must do-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Imagination is more important than knowledge-dd- Knowledge is limited-dd- Imagination encircles the world-dd- Albert Einstein . An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest-dd- Benjamin Franklin . There is no knowledge that is not power-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . If money is your hope for independence, you will never have it-dd- The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience and ability-dd- Henry Ford . The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty-dd- James Madison . Nothing that is worth knowing can be taught-dd- Oscar Wilde . The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing-dd- Voltaire . The more you know the less you understand-dd- Lao Tzu (Tao te Ching) . To know that we know what we know, and to know that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge-dd- Nicolaus Copernicus . Share your knowledge-dd- It’s a way to achieve immortality-dd- Dalai Lama . And what, Socrates, is the food of the soul-qq- Surely, I said, knowledge is the food of the soul-dd- Plato . Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge-dd- Plato . I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing, and that is that I know nothing-dd- Plato . If you don’t read the newspaper, you are uninformed; if you do read the newspaper, you are misinformed-dd- Mark Twain . Knowledge without transformation is not wisdom-dd- Paulo Coelho . Wisdom is the daughter of experience-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Diversification is a hedge against a lack of knowledge-dd- Naval Ravikant . Wisdom > knowledge > information > data-dd- Shane Parrish . Knowledge, like milk, has an expiry date-dd- Shane Parrish . The more you know, the less you need to say-dd- Jim Rohn . Zeal without knowledge is the sister of folly-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Knowledge has a beginning but no end-dd- Geeta S-dd- Iyengar . Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens-dd- Jimi Hendrix . Time, as it grows old, teaches all things-dd- Aeschylus . Take small bites-dd- Before people realize it, you have accumulated an empire-dd- Robert Greene . Better to understand a little than do misunderstand a lot-dd- Lord Chesterfield . Spend each day trying to be a little wiser than you were when you woke up-dd- Charlie Munger . The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty-dd- James Madison . Play iterated games-dd- All the returns in life, whether in wealth, relationships, or knowledge, come from compound interest-dd- Naval Ravikant . Now we have the Internet, which is the greatest weapon of knowledge ever created, completely interconnected-dd- Naval Ravikant . School, politics, sports, and games train us to compete against others-dd- True rewards – wealth, knowledge, love, fitness, and equanimity – come from ignoring others and improving ourselves-dd- Naval Ravikant . The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another’s, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises-dd- Leo Buscaglia . The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery-dd- There is always more mystery-dd- Anais Nin . Your problem is not a lack of knowledge; you already have more of it than 90% of people will ever have-dd- The problem is a lack of implementation-dd- Once you’ve acquired a certain amount of knowledge, adding more to it is less important than putting your current knowledge to work-dd- The Ancient Sage . The value of knowledge depends on what else you know-dd- David Perell . For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others-dd- You’d be surprised how far that gets you-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . A great book can transmit years of wisdom in a few afternoons-dd- Each sentence conveys meaning with precision and economy-dd- A great book is a patient teacher and a deathless companion-dd- A man with a good library has a thousand good mentors-dd- The Stoic Emperor . No thief, however skillful, can rob one of knowledge, and that is why knowledge is the best and safest treasure to acquire-dd- L-dd- Frank Baum . Imagination is more important than knowledge-dd- For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create-dd- Albert Einstein . The larger the island of knowledge, the longer the shoreline of wonder-dd- Ralph W-dd- Sockman . Never stop fighting until you arrive at your destined place – that is, the unique you-dd- Have an aim in life, continuously acquire knowledge, work hard, and have perseverance to realise the great life-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . The end of all knowledge should be service to others-dd- Cesar Chavez . I had to deny knowledge in order to make room for faith-dd- Immanuel Kant . Today a reader, tomorrow a leader-dd- Margaret Fuller . Write what you know-dd- That should leave you with a lot of free time-dd- Howard Nemerov . The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt-dd- Bertrand Russell . Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . If you think that knowledge alone is power, remember: People still smoke and drink soda-dd- Ed Latimore (But wait, is it funny-qq--xx-) . Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad-dd- Miles Kington . If book knowledge made great investors, than the librarians would all be rich-dd- Warren Buffett . I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did-dd- I said I didn’t know-dd- Mark Twain . Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance-dd- George Bernard Shaw . The overeducated are worse off than the undereducated, having traded common sense for the illusion of knowledge-dd- Naval Ravikant . The more you possess the more you are possessed-dd- Thibaut . Better to know how to know than to be taught what to know-dd- Thibaut . Knowledge is cumulative when you focus on things that change slowly-dd- Shane Parrish . Our tragedy is that we read too much and reflect too little-dd- Anything worth reading is worth deep contemplation-dd- Knowledge without absorption leaves no lasting mark on us and is little different from a passing amusement-dd- The Ancient Sage . Understanding is far more important than knowledge-dd- Knowledge is quantitative-dd- It is information-dd- It remains peripheral-dd- Understanding is qualitative-dd- It penetrates your heart and permeates your being-dd- Knowledge boosts the ego but only understanding brings transformation-dd- The Ancient Sage . It is important to read extensively and have a knowledge of a wide variety of perspectives-dd- Reading or focusing only on one thinker can bias one’s thinking and distort one’s perception-dd- That’s why it has been said that a little knowledge is a dangerous thing-dd- The Ancient Sage . The education system works to load memory rather than increase understanding-dd- Being able to reproduce information isn’t the same as understanding what it means-dd- The system produces parrots who don’t know what they’re talking about with heads too stuffed to allow new perspectives-dd- The Ancient Sage . Knowledge is neutral; it is just information-dd- It is the alchemical quality of mind – the receptacle in which the knowledge is put – that transforms it into something worthwhile-dd- Knowledge without understanding is little more than a burden on the storage capacity of mind-dd- The Ancient Sage . One is never afraid of the unknown; one is afraid of the known coming to and end-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . You can only be afraid of what you think you know-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom-dd- Plato . The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom-dd- Isaac Asimov . I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge – myth is more potent than history – dreams are more powerful than facts – hope always triumphs over experience – laughter is the cure for grief – love is stronger than death-dd- Robert Fulghum . One of the most important skills in 2019 is being able to ignore noise-dd- Too much information is just as bad as not enough information-dd- Life Math Money . Most college degrees are certificates of gullibility-dd- Life Math Money . I try to get rid of people who always confidently answer questions about which they don’t have any real knowledge-dd- Charlie Munger . A little learning is a dangerous thing; drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring: there shallow draughts intoxicate the brain, and drinking largely sobers us again-dd- Alexander Pope . Learn to use the knowledge of the past and you will look like a genius, even when you are really just a clever borrower-dd- Robert Greene . Do anything to break up your normal train of thinking and your sense that you already know the truth-dd- Robert Greene . Knowledge has three degrees – opinion, science, illumination-dd- The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition-dd- Plotinus . That which we desire lies across an ocean of hard won knowledge-dd- The Stoic Emperor . They will call you lost for not following the same route as others-dd- They will call you a geek for being a knowledge-seeker-dd- They will call you ugly for not looking like celebrities-dd- They will call you dumb for not being an academic-dd- Thibaut . The suppression of uncomfortable ideas may be common in religion or in politics, but it is not the path to knowledge and there is no place for it in the endeavor of science-dd- Carl Sagan . Virtue is an angel, but she is a blind one, and must ask Knowledge to show her the pathway that leads to her goal-dd- Horace Mann . These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom-dd- Knowledge is of the past, wisdom is of the future-dd- Vernon Cooper . The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook-dd- William James . Acknowledging what you don’t know is the dawning of wisdom-dd- Charlie Munger . Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers-dd- Alfred Tennyson . Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . We do not need more knowledge but more wisdom-dd- Wisdom comes from our own attention-dd- Jack Kornfield . To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe-dd- Marilyn Vos Savant . A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Knowledge if not digested does not give nutrition, only adds weight-dd- Osho . As we move forward we must remember that despite our quest, the shores of our ignorance grow as the Island of Knowledge grows-dd- Shane Parrish . Are you focused enough on the same thing to build cumulative knowledge or are you too spread out-qq- Shane Parrish . The improvement of understanding is for two ends: first, our own increase of knowledge; secondly, to enable us to deliver that knowledge to others-dd- John Locke . Information is just bits of data-dd- Knowledge is putting them together-dd- Wisdom is transcending them-dd- Ram Dass . Doubt is wisdom-dd- People are dangerous when they are certain that their cause is just and their facts are right-dd- Paulo Coelho . This presumption that you possess knowledge of any use has to be dropped before you approach philosophy – just as if we were enrolling in a school of music or mathematics-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Knowledge is an addiction, as drink; knowledge does not bring understanding-dd- Knowledge can be taught, but not wisdom; there must be freedom from knowledge for the coming of wisdom-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Information, the knowledge of facts, though ever increasing, is by its very nature limited-dd- Wisdom is infinite, it includes knowledge and the way of action; but we take hold of a branch and think it is the whole tree-dd- Through the knowledge of the part, we can never realize the joy of the whole-dd- Intellect can never lead to the whole, for it is only a segment, a part-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Constantly remind yourself of how little you truly know, and of how mysterious the world remains-dd- Robert Greene . If you’re broke and tell people money is not important, they won’t listen to you-dd- If you’re ignorant and say knowledge is vanity, no one believes you-dd- If you preach stoicism but never faced any difficulties, your sermon is futile-dd- Let your message grow out of your own experience-dd- The Ancient Sage . If you smirk at the past dogmas, just imagine how the future will laugh at your own certainties-dd- You think current knowledge is indubitable, but so did all the past ages-dd- Epistemic humility is the most repeated – and ignored – lesson of history-dd- The Ancient Sage . Everything we know has an expiration date-dd- Samuel Arbesman . Knowledge is proud that he has learn’d so much; Wisdom is humble that he knows no more-dd- William Cowper . A society of narrowly developed specialists is a society expert in seeing trees but not forests-dd- The Stoic Emperor . A miseducation is much more dangerous than no education-dd- An uneducated person has common sense born of pattern recognition-dd- A miseducated person has traded good sense for bad theories-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Knowledge is discovered by all of us, each adding to the whole-dd- Wisdom is rediscovered by each of us, one at a time-dd- Naval Ravikant . Knowledge is either from direct experience or from verifiable, falsifiable science-dd- There is knowledge that is transmitted but not verifiable / falsifiable, and this knowledge is indistinguishable from that which is false-dd- Naval Ravikant . To know that you do not know is the best-dd- To think you know when you do not is a disease-dd- Recognizing this disease as a disease is to be free of it-dd- Lao Tzu . All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason-dd- There is nothing higher than reason-dd- Immanuel Kant . We can be knowledgeable with other men’s knowledge, but we cannot be wise with other men’s wisdom-dd- Michel de Montaigne . The greatest impurity is ignorance-dd- Free yourself from it-dd- Be pure-dd- Buddhist proverb . Knowledge without wisdom is like water in the sand-dd- Guinean proverb . It is nothing for one to know something unless another knows you know it-dd- Persian proverb . Science is organized knowledge-dd- Wisdom is organized life-dd- Immanuel Kant . Those who keep learning, will keep rising in life-dd- Charlie Munger . Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also-dd- Carl Jung . You have to know the past to understand the present-dd- Carl Sagan . You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough-dd- William Blake . The road to mastery is only traveled by those who can tolerate being a beginner-dd- Knowledge begins with the acknowledgement of ignorance-dd- Modern people may have to learn and discard many skills throughout their lives-dd- Those who can embrace being a beginner will thrive-dd- The Stoic Emperor . We needed all the information we could get-dd- All gossip is relevant in a small tribe-dd- We had to know where prey slept and where lions hunted-dd- There was no such thing as “too much information”-dd- Modern tech has changed the game-dd- We are overwhelmed with irrelevant data-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Knowing too much of your future is never a good thing-dd- Rick Riordan . Your assumptions are your windows on the world-dd- Scrub them off every once in a while, or the light won’t come in-dd- Isaac Asimov . For me, it is far better to grasp the Universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring-dd- Carl Sagan . It is sometimes easier to be happy if you don’t know everything-dd- Alexander McCall Smith . It is a wise father that knows his own child-dd- William Shakespeare . We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge-dd- John Naisbitt . Whosoever wishes to know about the world must learn about it in its particular details-dd- Knowledge is not intelligence-dd- In searching for the truth be ready for the unexpected-dd- Change alone is unchanging-dd- The same road goes both up and down-dd- The beginning of a circle is also its end-dd- Not I, but the world says it: all is one-dd- And yet everything comes in season-dd- Heraclitus . The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The good life is inspired by love and guided by knowledge-dd- Bertrand Russell . Love takes up where knowledge leaves off-dd- Thomas Aquinas . Education consists mainly in what we have unlearned-dd- Mark Twain . It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge-dd- Albert Einstein . Teaching is not the mere imparting of knowledge but the cultivation of an inquiring mind-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . I cannot teach anybody anything-dd- I can only make them think-dd- Socrates . The goal of education is not to increase the amount of knowledge but to create the possibilities for a child to invent and discover, to create men who are capable of doing new things-dd- Jean Piaget . I would live to study, not study to live-dd- Francis Bacon . The greatest sin for the highly credentialed is thinking that’s enough to guarantee success-dd- The greatest sin for the lowly credentialed is thinking that’s enough to guarantee failure-dd- Michael . The more primitive your building blocks, the more complex the structures are that you can build-dd- Think from first principles-dd- Michael . The best mentors are often those who have wide knowledge and experiences-dd- Robert Greene . If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it-dd- Margaret Fuller . Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge-dd- Carl Sagan . The most crucial use of knowledge and education is to understand the importance of developing a good heart-dd- Dalai Lama . Education system was designed to produce factory workers-dd- Obsolete-dd- Young people are entering an age of increasing complexity and rapid change-dd- Capacity for continual self-directed learning is crucial-dd- Those that struggle with abstract thinking and complex tasks will suffer-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Every person with a smartphone and a pair of headphones has access to the kind of education that was once reserved for the sons of aristocracy-dd- The Stoic Emperor . A generation of autodidacts, educated by the Internet & leveraged by technology, will eventually starve the industrial-education system-dd- Naval Ravikant . What to study and how to study it are more important than where to study it and for how long-dd- Naval Ravikant . True scholarship consists in knowing not what things exist, but what they mean; it is not memory but judgment-dd- James Russel Lowell . A scholar is committed to building on knowledge that others have gathered, correcting it, confirming it, enlarging it-dd- Parker J-dd- Palmer . I was brought up to believe that the only thing worth doing was to add to the sum of accurate information in the world-dd- Margaret Mead . Knowledge is power-dd- Information is liberating-dd- Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family-dd- Kofi Annan . Education is learning what you didn’t even know you didn’t know-dd- Daniel J-dd- Boorstin . The one exclusive sign of thorough knowledge is the power of teaching-dd- Aristotle . The aim of education is the knowledge not of fact, but of values-dd- William Ralph Inge . Try to comprehend a little more each day-dd- Have holy curiosity-dd- Albert Einstein . Our feelings are our most genuine paths to knowledge-dd- Audre Lorde . The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend-dd- Robertson Davies . In your thirst for knowledge, be sure not to drown in all the information-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . If we would have new knowledge, we must get a whole world of new questions-dd- Susanne K-dd- Langer . Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind-dd- Plato . Study without desire spoils the memory, and it retains nothing that it takes in-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . If you don’t keep learning, other people will pass you by-dd- Temperament alone won’t do it – you need a lot of curiosity for a long, long time-dd- Charlie Munger . Learning is not the accumulation of knowledge-dd- Learning is movement from moment to moment-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . What self development gurus fail to get: People don’t lack the knowledge of what to do-dd- They lack the WILL to do it-dd- You can give them all the knowledge but it will be useless unless they have the WILL to implement-dd- The guru cannot transfer WILL, he can only transmit knowledge-dd- The Ancient Sage . Whatever scares or discomforts you is your teacher-dd- https://twitter-dd-com/dailyzen . The value of new knowledge is greater to the person who already knows a lot-dd- The more effort you put in, the more you get back per unit of effort-dd- Knowledge violates the law of diminishing returns-dd- Johnny Uzan . The Internet is widening the gap between the curious and the non-curious-dd- The former added hundreds of hours a year of podcasts, blogs and books-dd- The latter mostly news and pictures of other people’s food-dd- Johnny Uzan . The rate of change is accelerating-dd- Bad news for the nostalgic, the attached and the complacent-dd- Great news for the visionaries, the adventurous and the perpetual learners-dd- Johnny Uzan . Tell a man a fact and he’ll forget it tomorrow-dd- Spark a man’s curiosity and he’ll find the needed facts himself-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You can’t teach a person who insists they know everything already-dd- They have some painful unlearning to do before they’ll be able to learn anything-dd- The Stoic Emperor . The ability to learn, the means of learning, the tools of learning, are abundant and infinite-dd- It’s the desire that’s incredibly scarce-dd- Naval Ravikant . Wisdom cannot be imparted-dd- Wisdom that a wise man attempts to impart always sounds like foolishness to someone else… Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom-dd- One can find it, live it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it-dd- Hermann Hesse . Two there are who are never satisfied – the lover of the world and the lover of knowledge-dd- Rumi . What we want is to see the child in pursuit of knowledge, and not knowledge in pursuit of the child-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Learning does not make one learned: there are those who have knowledge and those who have understanding-dd- The first requires memory and the second philosophy-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Sit down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every preconceived notion, follow humbly wherever or whatever abysses nature leads, or you will learn nothing-dd- Thomas H-dd- Huxley . We have a hunger of the mind which asks for knowledge of all around us, and the more we gain, the more is our desire; the more we see, the more we are capable of seeing-dd- Maria Mitchell . It is, in fact, nothing short of a miracle that the modern methods of instruction have not entirely strangled the holy curiosity of inquiry-dd- Albert Einstein . Knowledge is of the past; learning is in the present, a constant movement, in relationship with the outward things, without the past-dd- Bruce Lee . I have always thirsted for knowledge, I have always been full of questions-dd- Hermann Hesse . The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge-dd- Thomas Berger . Intuition does not come to an unprepared mind-dd- Albert Einstein . The only real valuable thing is intuition-dd- Albert Einstein . Intuition does not in itself amount to knowledge, yet cannot be disregarded by philosophers and psychologists-dd- Corliss Lamont . Faith requires following the power of a whisper-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Trust your hunches-dd- They’re usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level-dd- Joyce Brothers . Intuition becomes increasingly valuable in the new information society precisely because there is so much data-dd- John Naisbitt . Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer-dd- Robert Graves . Intuition and concepts constitute the elements of all our knowledge, so that neither concepts without an intuition in some way corresponding to them, nor intuition without concepts, can yield knowledge-dd- Immanuel Kant . Intuition is a sense of knowing how to act spontaneously, without needing to know why-dd- Sylvia Clare . Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition-dd- They somehow already know what you truly want to become-dd- Everything else is secondary-dd- Steve Jobs . I believe in intuitions and inspirations… I sometimes feel that I am right-dd- I do not know that I am-dd- Albert Einstein . When you reach the end of what you should know, you will be at the beginning of what you should sense-dd- Kahlil Gibran . All great men are gifted with intuition-dd- They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know-dd- Alexis Carrel . Don’t try to comprehend with your mind-dd- Your minds are very limited-dd- Use your intuition-dd- Madeleine L’Engle . Trust yourself-dd- You know more than you think you do-dd- Benjamin Spock . Reading maketh a full man-dd- Francis Bacon . Some books should be tasted, some devoured, but only a few should be chewed and digested thoroughly-dd- Francis Bacon . In my whole life, I have known no wise people who didn’t read all the time – none, zero-dd- Charlie Munger . Read 500 pages every day-dd- That’s how knowledge works-dd- It builds up like compound interest-dd- Warren Buffett . I read all kinds of stuff that I disagree with because they’re mind bending-dd- Naval Ravikant . Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours-dd- John Locke . Events in life mean nothing if you do not reflect on them in a deep way, and ideas from books are pointless if they have no application to life as you live it-dd- Robert Greene . For people who hoard knowledge, reading is like a drug-dd- They need a constant supply of new books-dd- One must ask oneself what is the end of knowledge-dd- Aside from the pleasure of reading, the purpose of knowledge is to help us live and grow-dd- It is not a substitute for life itself-dd- The Ancient Sage . If you don’t apply your knowledge and are addicted to reading just for the sake of pleasure, then your reading habit is little different from other forms of entertainment-dd- Knowledge is never going to change you substantially unless you actively implement it in your daily life-dd- The Ancient Sage . Knowledge is like food-dd- You can’t just consume it-dd- You have to digest it-dd- Instead of reading more books, get more from the books you’re already reading-dd- David Perell . People start tough books with high hopes-dd- They get to the messy part, feel inadequate, and quit-dd- Only the desperate for knowledge carry forward, destroying their insecurity by force of will-dd- Johnny Uzan . Reading without reflecting is like eating without digesting-dd- Edmund Burke . To train your body, lift increasingly heavier weights-dd- To train your mind, read increasingly tougher books-dd- Johnny Uzan . Understanding 10% of a hard book isn’t bad-dd- It may gave you the grounding to understand 20% of the next book you read in that area-dd- Deep knowledge is a mosaic-dd- It is put together piece by piece-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Reading widely allows you to be in conversation with the great minds of history-dd- What would Cicero think-qq- How would Nietzsche respond to that-qq- Where would Wilde find a joke in this-qq- The mind is peopled with those you welcome into it-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Reading is not a chore-dd- Reading is theft-dd- It is a robbery-dd- Someone smarter than you has spent 20 years beating their head against the wall trying to solve the problem you’re dealing with-dd- You can steal that hard won knowledge and make it yours-dd- That is power-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Properly, we should read for power-dd- Man reading should be man intensely alive-dd- The book should be a ball of light in one’s hand-dd- Ezra Pound . The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading-dd- David Bailey . Ignorance is bold and knowledge reserved-dd- Thucydides . Ignorance, the root and stem of every evil-dd- Plato . Our knowledge is a receding mirage in an expanding desert of ignorance-dd- Will Durant . You should take the approach that you’re wrong-dd- Your goal is to be less wrong-dd- Elon Musk . Those who lack intellectual curiosity, remain ignorant regardless of their education-dd- In fact they remain ignorant partly because of their formal education: they think they’ve already obtained knowledge, as if it were purchasable from a university-dd- Real knowledge is self acquired-dd- The Ancient Sage . The greatest obstacle to discovering the shape of the earth, the continents and the ocean was not ignorance but the illusion of knowledge-dd- Daniel J-dd- Boorstin . Remember: we’ve only taken a bucket of knowledge from a sea of ignorance-dd- David Perell . Learning is easier if you are honest about your own ignorance-dd- People want to seem “in the know-dd-” They try to signal that they are intelligent and informed-dd- This is often counterproductive-dd- Insecurity is the enemy of learning-dd- A master knows how to be a beginner-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Knowledge will forever govern ignorance; and a people who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives-dd- James Madison . One part of knowledge consists in being ignorant of such things as are not worthy to be known-dd- Crates . There are in fact two things, science and opinion; the former begets knowledge, the latter ignorance-dd- Hippocrates . It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance-dd- Thomas Sowell . God save me from him who studies but one book-dd- Italian proverb . The three most underused words: “I don’t know”-dd- Johnny Uzan . The great end of life is not knowledge but action-dd- Thomas H-dd- Huxley . Real knowledge comes when people do the work-dd- Shane Parrish . Knowledge that is not put into practice is like food that is not digested-dd- Sathya Sai Baba . Knowledge without practice is useless, and practice without knowledge is dangerous-dd- Confucius . People think they need more knowledge when in reality they need to implement the knowledge they already possess-dd- Because active implementation of knowledge requires real work, they procrastinate by reading more stuff while thinking that they are doing something productive-dd- The Ancient Sage . Reading is faster than listening-dd- Doing is faster than watching-dd- Naval Ravikant . Time spent mastering the basics is time well spent-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You can gain knowledge and fat quickly through consumption-dd- Muscle and skill (wisdom) can only be gained through strenuous action-dd- Robert Kelley . Don’t let your learning lead to knowledge; let your learning lead to action-dd- Jim Rohn . The only source of knowledge is experience-dd- Albert Einstein . No man’s knowledge here can go beyond his experience-dd- John Locke . The true method of knowledge is experiment-dd- William Blake . It is beyond a doubt that all our knowledge begins with experience-dd- Immanuel Kant . Society, community, family are all conserving institutions-dd- They try to maintain stability, and to prevent, or at least to slow down, change-dd- But the organization of the post-capitalist society of organizations is a destabilizer-dd- Because its function is to put knowledge to work – on tools, processes, and products; on work; on knowledge itself – it must be organized for constant change-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Any piece of knowledge I acquire today has a value at this moment exactly proportioned to my skill to deal with it-dd- Tomorrow, when I know more, I recall that piece of knowledge and use it better-dd- Mark Van Doren . A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Wisdom is cheaper than execution-dd- Michael . Arm yourself with specific knowledge, accountability, and leverage-dd- Naval Ravikant . Learn to sell-dd- Learn to build-dd- If you can do both, you will be unstoppable-dd- Naval Ravikant . Specific knowledge is knowledge that you cannot be trained for-dd- If society can train you, it can train someone else, and replace you-dd- Naval Ravikant . Specific knowledge is found by pursuing your genuine curiosity and passion rather than whatever is hot right now-dd- Naval Ravikant . Building specific knowledge will feel like play to you but will look like work to others-dd- Naval Ravikant . Specific knowledge is often highly technical or creative-dd- It cannot be outsourced or automated-dd- Naval Ravikant . Apply specific knowledge, with leverage, and eventually you will get what you deserve-dd- Naval Ravikant . The more you create, the less time you have to read and learn for “fun”-dd- You start to acquire knowledge like a mercenary, picking only the most useful bits when you need them-dd- If you’re the type who collects knowledge because it’s “cool”, this is why you’ll never make an impact-dd- Ed Latimore . How can you thrive-qq- Learn fast-dd- Move quickly-dd- Harness tech-dd- Abandon sunk costs-dd- Resist distraction-dd- Understand crowd behavior-dd- Rhetoric is rewarded in networked society-dd- Global society concentrates rewards among A+ players and those in a few fields with talent shortages-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Art is the instinctive application of the knowledge latent in the subconscious-dd- Austin Osman Spare . You must understand the following: In order to master a field, you must love the subject and feel a profound connection to it-dd- Your interest must transcend the field itself and border on the religious-dd- Robert Greene . You are like a hunter: your knowledge of every detail of the forest and ecosystem as a whole will give you many more options for survival-dd- Robert Greene . There is knowledge and then there is hidden knowledge-dd- If you know what everyone knows, you are at no particular advantage-dd- Seek special knowledge that makes all the difference-dd- Knowledge is power-dd- A single, little piece of secret knowledge can exponentially improve the outcome-dd- The Ancient Sage . Trying to remember everything weighs us down-dd- It blocks creativity-dd- Most people learn by consuming tons of information and trying to remember it all-dd- The more we try to learn and remember everything, the less we take action-dd- David Perell . Become a network-dd- Share your thinking, content, and research-dd- You’ll supersize your mind-dd- By getting feedback from every corner of the globe, you’ll accelerate your progress-dd- David Perell . The secret of joy in work is contained in one word – excellence-dd- To know how to do something well is to enjoy it-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Knowledge is not simply another commodity-dd- On the contrary-dd- Knowledge is never used up-dd- It increases by diffusion and grows by dispersion-dd- Daniel J-dd- Boorstin . The way of success is the way of continuous pursuit of knowledge-dd- Napoleon Hill (Think And Grow Rich) . Forty hour workweeks are a relic of the Industrial Age-dd- Knowledge workers function like athletes – train and sprint, then rest and reassess-dd- Naval Ravikant . The skills you really want can’t be taught, but they can be learned-dd- Naval Ravikant . Knowledge is a weapon-dd- I intend to be formidably armed-dd- Terry Goodkind . Smart people aren’t exempt from professional disasters from overconfidence-dd- Charlie Munger . Faith is a knowledge within the heart, beyond the reach of proof-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Slowly mold your mentor’s knowledge in your own shape-dd- Robert Greene . Exhibit remarkable confidence and people will think your confidence comes from real knowledge-dd- Robert Greene . It ain’t what you don’t know that gets you into trouble-dd- It’s what you know for sure that just ain’t so-dd- Mark Twain . A true sign of greatness: you are not bothered by others’ brilliance, nor are you afraid to share your own with others-dd- You are secure in the knowledge that no one can take away your unique gifts-dd- The Ancient Sage . Fear not the ignorant or the retarded, fear those with mediocre intelligence or understanding-dd- The latter are more dangerous because their partial knowledge gives them unwarranted confidence, spurring them on to reckless action-dd- The Ancient Sage . Confidence comes from being vulnerable, not by shielding yourself-dd- It is a function of exposure-dd- The more you are exposed to challenges, the more you grow-dd- To grow in confidence, you must first be open to embarrassment-dd- Get your feet wet, there is no other way-dd- The Ancient Sage . Having a rational mind helps for having unpopular opinions-dd- You can judge reality base on logic – and not what the crowd thinks-dd- This will give you confidence-dd- You know your opinions are being supported by strong concrete pillars, and not weak flimsy straws-dd- Chu . Knowledge is the greatest power and it is something no one can see-dd- It cannot be stolen or broken, no one can take it from you-dd- John Carrick . If the love within your mind is lost and you see other beings as enemies, then no matter how much knowledge or education or material comfort you have, only suffering and confusion will ensue-dd- Dalai Lama . Confidence is ignorance-dd- If you’re feeling cocky, it’s because there’s something you don’t know-dd- Eoin Colfer . Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom-dd- Aristotle . Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them-dd- Albert Einstein . Freedom is knowing who you really are-dd- Bill Vaughan . Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly-dd- Epictetus . You can judge at what stage of growth a person is by the questions they ask-dd- The nature of a person’s questions faithfully reflects the current phase in their journey to truth-dd- A sign that you are nearing the truth is that you start asking the right questions-dd- The Ancient Sage . Read books that challenge your beliefs and make you feel stupid-dd- You don’t get better by protecting your ego-dd- You get better by exposing it to truth and being vulnerable-dd- This is how you remain fluid and grow-dd- The Ancient Sage . We must learn our limits-dd- We are all something, but none of us are everything-dd- Blaise Pascal . We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be-dd- Jane Austen . It is a sad fate for a man to die too well known to everybody else, and still unknown to himself-dd- Francis Bacon . You only grow when you are alone-dd- Paul Newman . The more you know yourself, the more clarity there is-dd- Self-knowledge has no end – you don’t come to an achievement, you don’t come to a conclusion-dd- It is an endless river-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Freedom comes with self-knowledge, when the mind goes above and beyond the hindrances it has created for itself-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . In self-knowledge is the whole universe; it embraces all the struggles of humanity-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Distinguishing the signal from the noise requires both scientific knowledge and self-knowledge-dd- Nate Silver . Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control; these three alone lead life to sovereign power-dd- Alfred Lord Tennyson . Self-knowledge is the foundation of real success-dd- Rachel Simmons . A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots-dd- Marcus Garvey . If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too-dd- If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others-dd- Anne Morrow Lindbergh . All types of knowledge, ultimately mean self-knowledge-dd- Bruce Lee . He who knows others is clever; He who knows himself has discernment-dd- Lao Tzu . Those who realize their folly are not true fools-dd- Zhuangzi . Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it-dd- Buddha . 