Without tenderness, a man is uninteresting-dd- Marlene Dietrich . Never look down on anybody unless you’re helping them up-dd- Jesse Jackson . The fragrance always stays in the hand that gives the rose-dd- Hada Bejar . A great man shows his greatness by the way he treats little men-dd- Thomas Carlyle . An egoist lives in poverty-dd- A kind person lives in abundance-dd- Maxime Lagacé . What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness-qq- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Kind words do not cost much-dd- Yet they accomplish much-dd- Blaise Pascal . Act with kindness, but do not expect gratitude-dd- Confucius . The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the greatest intention-dd- Kahlil Gibran . I hope you will have a wonderful year, that you’ll dream dangerously and outrageously, that you’ll make something that didn’t exist before you made it, that you will be loved and that you will be liked, and that you will have people to love and to like in return-dd- And, most importantly (because I think there should be more kindness and more wisdom in the world right now), that you will, when you need to be, be wise, and that you will always be kind-dd- Neil Gaiman . To understand everything is to forgive everything-dd- Osho . Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see-dd- Mark Twain . No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted-dd- Aesop . A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money-dd- John Ruskin . You can accomplish by kindness what you cannot by force-dd- Publilius Syrus . One who knows how to show and to accept kindness will be a friend better than any possession-dd- Sophocles . Gentleness and kindness will make our homes a paradise upon earth-dd- C-dd- A-dd- Bartol . Never lose a chance of saying a kind word-dd- William Makepeace Thackeray . When I was young, I used to admire intelligent people; as I grow older, I admire kind people-dd- Abraham Joshua Heschel . Be kind to unkind people – they need it the most-dd- Unknown . Kindness makes a fellow feel good whether it’s being done to him or by him-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings-dd- I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . It is futile to judge a kind deed by its motives-dd- Kindness can become its own motive-dd- We are made kind by being kind-dd- Eric Hoffer . There’s no such things as a small act of kindness-dd- Every act creates a ripple with no logical end-dd- Scott Adams . The first thing a kindness deserves is acceptance, the second, transmission-dd- George MacDonald . Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight-dd- Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward-dd- Your life will never be the same again-dd- Og Mandino . Kindness is the light that dissolves all walls between souls, families, and nations-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . We rise by lifting others-dd- Robert Ingersoll . Kindness and politeness are not overrated at all-dd- They’re underused-dd- Tommy Lee Jones . One can’t be kind to one person and cruel to another-dd- Morarji Desai . Whatever point of view you have, there’s another-dd- Jack Kornfield . Today I bent the truth to be kind, and I have no regret, for I am far surer of what is kind than I am of what is true-dd- Robert Brault . Be nice to strangers-dd- Be nice even when it doesn’t matter-dd- Sam Altman . Nothing is so strong as gentleness, nothing so gentle as real strength-dd- Saint Francis de Sales . Politeness is the flower of humanity-dd- Joseph Joubert (This is one of my favorite kindness quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . My religion is very simple-dd- My religion is kindness-dd- Dalai Lama . No one has ever become poor by giving-dd- Anne Frank . Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses-dd- Confucius . Kindness in words creates confidence-dd- Kindness in thinking creates profoundness-dd- Kindness in giving creates love-dd- Lao Tzu . Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Extend yourself in kindness to other human being wherever you can-dd- Oprah Winfrey . There is no duty more obligatory than the repayment of kindness-dd- Cicero . When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed-dd- Maya Angelou . When words are both true and kind, they can change the world-dd- Buddha . The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness-dd- Only the words of a loving man can be heard-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Let us learn to live with kindness, to love everyone, even when they do not love us-dd- Pope Francis . Be kind whenever possible-dd- It is always possible-dd- Dalai Lama . Come, gentlemen, I hope we shall drink down all unkindness-dd- William Shakespeare . Kind words can be short and easy to speak but their echoes are truly endless-dd- Mother Teresa . Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The ideals which have always shone before me and filled me with joy are goodness, beauty, and truth-dd- Albert Einstein . Gentleness doesn’t get work done unless you happen to be a hen laying eggs-dd- Coco Chanel . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Be pitiful, for every man is fighting a hard battle-dd- Ian Maclaren (For more detail on the source of this quote, check this link) . For it is in giving that we receive-dd- Francis of Assisi . In a gentle way, you can shake the world-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Kindness, I’ve discovered, is everything in life-dd- Isaac Bashevis Singer . Kindness gives birth to kindness-dd- Sophocles . Treat everyone with respect and kindness-dd- Period-dd- No exceptions-dd- Kiana Tom . Kindness and a generous spirit go a long way-dd- Max Irons . Kindness is wisdom-dd- Philip James Bailey . Everyone responds to kindness-dd- Richard Gere . Kindness is showing someone they matter-dd- Unknown . Kill them with kindness, slay them with a smile-dd- Caesar (The Goodbye Man) . Kindness is love and love is kindness-dd- Unknown . Always be a little kinder than necessary-dd- James M-dd- Barrie . Tenderness is a virtue-dd- Oliver Goldsmith . Kindness is ever the begetter of kindness-dd- Sophocles . We win by tenderness-dd- We conquer by forgiveness-dd- Frederick William Robertson . Be a little kinder than you have to-dd- E-dd- Lockhart . How beautiful a day can be when kindness touches it-xx- George Elliston . Be kind to the living-dd- James McBride . Be gentle to all and stern with yourself-dd- Teresa of Avila . Gentleness is the antidote for cruelty-dd- Phaedrus . Live simply-dd- Love generously-dd- Care deeply-dd- Speak kindly-dd- Unknown . Men are cruel, but Man is kind-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Kindness is the sunshine in which virtue grows-dd- Robert Green Ingersoll . It doesn’t do any good to argue-dd- Be kind-dd- Richard G-dd- Scott . Be kind with people and tough with their ideas-dd- The Stoic Emperor . To practice five things under all circumstances constitutes perfect virtue; these five are gravity, generosity of soul, sincerity, earnestness, and kindness-dd- Confucius . Deliberately seek opportunities for kindness, sympathy, and patience-dd- Evelyn Underhill . A word of kindness is seldom spoken in vain, while witty sayings are as easily lost as the pearls slipping from a broken string-dd- George Dennison Prentice . It really shocks me when I encounter people who think kindness doesn’t matter-dd- Because I think it’s pretty much the only thing that matters-dd- Josh Radnor . Kindness goes a long ways lots of times when it ought to stay at home-dd- Kin Hubbard . I’m a big believer in acts of kindness, no matter how small-dd- Liam Neeson . Genuine kindness is no ordinary act, but a gift of rare beauty-dd- Sylvia Rossetti . Concentrate on what you have to do-dd- Fix your eyes on it-dd- Remind yourself that your task is to be a good human being; remind yourself what nature demands of people-dd- Then do it, without hesitation, and speak the truth as you see it-dd- But with kindness-dd- With humility-dd- Without hypocrisy-dd- Marcus Aurelius . One ought, every day at least, to hear a little song, read a good poem, see a fine picture and, if possible, speak a few reasonable words-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . How far that little candle throws his beams-xx- So shines a good deed in a weary world-dd- William Shakespeare . Do all the good you can-dd- By all the means you can-dd- In all the ways you can-dd- In all the places you can-dd- At all the times you can-dd- To all the people you can-dd- As long as ever you can-dd- John Wesley . Do not be daunted by the enormity of the world’s grief-dd- Do justly, now-dd- Love mercy, now-dd- Walk humbly, now-dd- You are not obligated to complete the work, but neither are you free to abandon it-dd- Rabbi Tarfon . I am not and never will be perfect-dd- I am not always as honest, respectful, responsible, fair or as kind as I should be-dd- All I can do is what I should do: strive every day, with every decision to be the best person I can be-dd- I don’t expect to be perfect but I know I can be better-dd- Michael Josephson . Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are travelling the dark journey with us-dd- Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind-dd- Henri Frederic Amiel . It may take a little self-discipline, be simple, be kind, stay rested-dd- Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity-dd- William Menninger . When you encounter difficulties and contradictions, do not try to break them, but bend them with gentleness and time-dd- Saint Francis de Sales . So many gods, so many creeds, so many paths that wind and wind, while just the art of being kind is all the sad world needs-dd- Ella Wheeler Wilcox . The true and noble way to kill a foe, is not to kill him, – you, with kindness, may so change him, that he shall cease to be so, and then he’s slain-dd-Unknown . We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden-dd- Jean Baptiste Henry Lacordaire . The wonderful thing is that it’s so incredibly easy to be kind-dd- Ingrid Newkirk . Be nice to nerds-dd- Chances are you’ll end up working for one-dd- Bill Gates . I believe in kindness-dd- Also in mischief-dd- Also in singing, especially when singing is not necessarily prescribed-dd- Mary Oliver . We have to be active about kindness and about peace-dd- I’ve always fantasized that it would be great if there was a Department of Peace-dd- Dave Matthews . You can tell by the kindness of a dog how a human should be-dd- Don Van Vliet . They are always saying God loves us-dd- If that’s love I’d rather have a bit of kindness-dd- Graham Greene . Kindness eases everything almost as much as money does-dd- Mason Cooley . A kind word is like a Spring day-dd- Russian Proverb . A dog has one aim in life… to bestow his heart-dd- J-dd-R-dd- Ackerley . To belittle, you have to be little-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Kindness does wonderful things to a face-dd- Dixie Doyle . The average dog is a nicer person than the average person-dd- Andy Rooney . Always be nice to your children because they are the ones who will choose your rest home-dd- Phyllis Diller . Kind people are the best kind of people-dd- Unknown . Kindness has converted more sinners than zeal, eloquence or learning-dd- Frederick W-dd- Faber . People will clap to be nice-dd- They will not laugh to be nice-dd- Kenny Rogers . He who fears to weep, should learn to be kind to those who weep-dd- Ahmad Shah Massood . Anger exceeding limits causes fear and excessive kindness eliminates respect-dd- Euripides . Praise by name, criticize by category-dd- Warren Buffett . There is a rollicking kindness that looks like malice-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Ignorant kindness may have the effect of cruelty; but to be angry with it as if it were direct cruelty would be an ignorant unkindness-dd- George Eliot . When death, the great reconciler, has come, it is never our tenderness that we repent of, but our severity-dd- George Eliot . Kindness is not about instant gratification-dd- More often, it’s akin to a low-risk investment that appreciates steadily over time-dd- Josh Radnor . Kindness is the beginning of cruelty-dd- Frank Herbert . We cannot seek or attain health, wealth, learning, justice or kindness in general-dd- Action is always specific, concrete, individualized, unique-dd- Benjamin Jowett . I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind; yet, strange, I am ungrateful to those teachers-dd- Kahlil Gibran . There is none made so great, but he may both need the help and service, and stand in fear of the power and unkindness, even of the meanest of mortals-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . In the context of interfaith encounter, we need to bring to the surface how our actual beliefs shape what we do – not simply to agree that kindness is better than cruelty-dd- Rowan D-dd- Williams . A single sunbeam is enough to drive away many shadows-dd- Francis of Assisi . In the midst of global crises such as pollution, wars and famine, kindness may be too easily dismissed as a ‘soft’ issue, or a luxury to be addressed after the urgent problems are solved-dd- But kindness is the greatest need in all those areas – kindness toward the environment, toward other nations, toward the needs of people who are suffering-dd- Until we reflect basic kindness in everything we do, our political gestures will be fleeting and fragile-dd- Bo Lozoff . Kindly words do not enter so deeply into men as a reputation for kindness-dd- Mencius . It’s a kindness that the mind can go where it wishes-dd- Ovid . It is kindness to immediately refuse what you intend to deny-dd- Publilius Syrus . Be nice to the whites, they need you to rediscover their humanity-dd- Desmond Tutu . The serenity of mind, gentleness, silence, self-restraint, and the purity of mind are called the austerity of thought-dd- Bhagavad Gita . When kindness has left people, even for a few moments, we become afraid of them as if their reason had left them-dd- When it has left a place where we have always found it, it is like shipwreck; we drop from security into something malevolent and bottomless-dd- Willa Cather . Kindness is in our power, even when fondness is not-dd- Samuel Johnson . Will you be clever at the expense of others, or will you be kind-qq- Jeff Bezos . You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Kind hearts are the gardens-dd- Kind thoughts are the roots-dd- Kind words are the blossoms-dd- Kind deeds are the fruits-dd- Kirpal Singh . He that has done you a kindness will be more ready to do you another, than he whom you yourself have obliged-dd- Benjamin Franklin . There’s no use doing a kindness if you do it a day too late-dd- Charles Kingsley . Kindness and a good heart are the foundation for success in this life, progress on the spiritual path, and the fulfillment of our aspirations-dd- Our need for them is not limited to any specific time, place, society, or culture-dd- Dalai Lama . A kind and compassionate act is often its own reward-dd- William John Bennett . We are all different-dd- Don’t judge, understand instead-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . If we are going to be kind, let it be out of simple generosity, not because we fear guilt or retribution-dd- J-dd-M-dd- Coetzee . A great many men’s gratitude is nothing but a secret desire to hook in more valuable kindnesses hereafter-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . Good nature will always supply the absence of beauty; but beauty cannot supply the absence of good nature-dd- Joseph Addison . Attitude is a choice-dd- Happiness is a choice-dd- Optimism is a choice-dd- Kindness is a choice-dd- Giving is a choice-dd- Respect is a choice-dd- Whatever choice you make makes you-dd- Choose wisely-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . It has always seemed strange to me… the things we admire in men, kindness and generosity, openness, honesty, understanding and feeling, are the concomitants of failure in our system-dd- And those traits we detest, sharpness, greed, acquisitiveness, meanness, egotism and self-interest, are the traits of success-dd- And while men admire the quality of the first they love the produce of the second-dd- John Steinbeck . Kindness trumps greed: it asks for sharing-dd- Kindness trumps fear: it calls forth gratefulness and love-dd- Kindness trumps even stupidity, for with sharing and love, one learns-dd- Marc Estrin . When you are young you take the kindness people show you as your right-dd- W-dd- Somerset Maugham . Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom-dd- Theodore Rubin . Humility is not thinking less of yourself, it’s thinking of yourself less-dd- C-dd- S-dd- Lewis . Unseasonable kindness gets no thanks-dd- Thomas Fuller . A little madness a little kindness makes for happiness-dd- Nicole Johnson . Kindness is tenderness-dd- Kindness is love, but perhaps greater than love…Kindness is good will-dd- Kindness says, ‘I want you to be happy’-dd- Randolph Ray . Life etches itself onto our faces as we grow older, showing our violence, excesses or kindnesses-dd- Rembrandt . I’m always impressed by confidence, kindness and a sense of humour-dd- Tamara Mellon . Gratitude is the inward feeling of kindness received-dd- Thankfulness is the natural impulse to express that feeling-dd- Thanksgiving is the following of that impulse-dd- Henry Van Dyke . Truth is a deep kindness that teaches us to be content in our everyday life and share with the people the same happiness-dd- Kahlil Gibran . And as I’ve gotten older, I’ve had more of a tendency to look for people who live by kindness, tolerance, compassion, a gentler way of looking at things-dd- Martin Scorsese . Getting money is not all a man’s business: to cultivate kindness is a valuable part of the business of life-dd- Samuel Johnson . Do your little bit of good where you are; it’s those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world-dd- Desmond Tutu . As I get older, I realize that the thing I value the most is good-heartedness-dd- Alice Walker . There is an organic affinity between joyousness and tenderness, and their companionship in the saintly life need in no way occasion surprise-dd- William James . Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Let us make one point, that we meet each other with a smile, when it is difficult to smile-dd- Smile at each other, make time for each other in your family-dd- Mother Teresa . A laugh, to be joyous, must flow from a joyous heart, for without kindness, there can be no true joy-dd- Thomas Carlyle . The only justice is to follow the sincere intuition of the soul, angry or gentle-dd- Anger is just, and pity is just, but judgement is never just-dd- D-dd- H-dd- Lawrence . Three things in human life are important-dd- The first is to be kind-dd- The second is to be kind-dd- And the third is to be kind-dd- Henry James . I used to say I wanted somebody funny and intelligent, but kindness is the most important quality in a man-dd- Cat Deeley . When you carry out acts of kindness you get a wonderful feeling inside-dd- It is as though something inside your body responds and says, yes, this is how I ought to feel-dd- Harold Kushner . The little unremembered acts of kindness and love are the best parts of a person’s life-dd- William Wordsworth . The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind-dd- Ella Wheeler Wilcox . Love and kindness go hand in hand-dd- Marian Keyes . A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve-dd- Joseph Joubert . There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart-dd- Jane Austen . I have understood that the most important things are tenderness and kindness-dd- I can’t do without them-dd- Brigitte Bardot . Whether one believes in a religion or not, and whether one believes in rebirth or not, there isn’t anyone who doesn’t appreciate kindness and compassion-dd- Dalai Lama . There is something akin to freedom in having a lover who has no control over you, except that which he gains by kindness and attachment-dd- Harriet Ann Jacobs . It’s not our job to play judge and jury, to determine who is worthy of our kindness and who is not-dd- We just need to be kind, unconditionally and without ulterior motive, even – or rather, especially – when we’d prefer not to be-dd- Josh Radnor . My laundry list of wants in a partner is basically kindness-dd- I want someone who is kind, and that’s kind of where it begins and ends-dd- Jennifer Carpenter . A mother’s arms are made of tenderness and children sleep soundly in them-dd- Victor Hugo . The most powerful symptom of love is a tenderness which becomes at times almost insupportable-dd- Victor Hugo . What we all have in common is an appreciation of kindness and compassion; all the religions have this-dd- We all lean towards love-dd- Richard Gere . We are told that people stay in love because of chemistry, or because they remain intrigued with each other, because of many kindnesses, because of luck-dd- But part of it has got to be forgiveness and gratefulness-dd- Ellen Goodman . Love and kindness are never wasted-dd- They always make a difference-dd- They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver-dd- Barbara De Angelis . Don’t be reckless with other people’s hearts, and don’t put up with people that are reckless with yours-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Forgiveness is the remission of sins-dd- For it is by this that what has been lost, and was found, is saved from being lost again-dd- Augustine of Hippo . The best thing to give to your enemy is forgiveness; to an opponent, tolerance; to a friend, your heart; to your child, a good example; to a father, deference; to your mother, conduct that will make her proud of you; to yourself, respect; to all men, charity-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Loving-kindness and compassion are the basis for wise, powerful, sometimes gentle, and sometimes fierce actions that can really make a difference – in our own lives and those of others-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Splendor, forgiveness, fortitude, cleanliness, absence of malice, and absence of pride; these are the qualities of those endowed with divine virtues, O Arjuna-dd- Bhagavad Gita . Man has two great spiritual needs-dd- One is for forgiveness-dd- The other is for goodness-dd- Billy Graham . There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . Forgiveness is an act of the will, and the will can function regardless of the temperature of the heart-dd- Corrie Ten Boom . Without forgiveness, there’s no future-dd- Desmond Tutu . The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive-dd- John Green . Forgiveness is the giving, and so the receiving, of life-dd- George MacDonald . Forgiveness means letting go of the past-dd- Gerald Jampolsky . Forgetfulness is a form of freedom-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Forgiveness is a virtue of the brave-dd- Indira Gandhi . Acceptance and tolerance and forgiveness, those are life-altering lessons-dd- Jessica Lange . There is no revenge so complete as forgiveness-dd- Josh Billings . Life is an adventure in forgiveness-dd- Norman Cousins . Forgiveness is the final form of love-dd- Reinhold Niebuhr . Forgiveness is a gift you give yourself-dd- Suzanne Somers . Love is the most terrible, and also the most generous of the passions; it is the only one which includes in its dreams the happiness of someone else-dd- Alphonse Karr . I’m dangerously generous-dd- Mika . Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . We’re here for a reason-dd- I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark-dd- Whoopi Goldberg . One thing I do know for a fact is that the nicer we are to our fellow human beings, the nicer the universe is to us-dd- Joe Rogan . Goodness is about character – integrity, honesty, kindness, generosity, moral courage, and the like-dd- More than anything else, it is about how we treat other people-dd- Dennis Prager . Here are the values that I stand for: honesty, equality, kindness, compassion, treating people the way you want to be treated and helping those in need-dd- To me, those are traditional values-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . First, I want to pay tribute to Diana myself-dd- She was an exceptional and gifted human being-dd- In good times and bad, she never lost her capacity to smile and laugh, nor to inspire others with her warmth and kindness-dd- I admired and respected her – for her energy and commitment to others, and especially for her devotion to her two boys-dd- Queen Elizabeth II . My philosophy is that the most important aspect of any religion should be human kindness-dd- And to try to ease the suffering of others-dd- Steven Seagal . Be the reason someone smiles-dd- Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . There is nothing so rewarding as to make people realize that they are worthwhile in this world-dd- Bob Anderson . Kindness is caring for others, even when they may not care for you-dd- Unknown . In life you can never be too kind or too fair; everyone you meet is carrying a heavy load-dd- When you go through your day expressing kindness and courtesy to all you meet, you leave behind a feeling of warmth and good cheer, and you help alleviate the burdens everyone is struggling with-dd- Brian Tracy . One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity-dd- Connect with those around you today-dd- Say, “I love you”, “I’m sorry”, “I appreciate you”, “I’m proud of you”… whatever you’re feeling-dd- Steve Maraboli . To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to-dd- Kahlil Gibran . I slept and I dreamed that life is all joy-dd- I woke and I saw that life is all service-dd- I served and I saw that service is joy-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The beauty of a woman is not in a facial mole,but true beauty in a Woman is reflected in her soul-dd- It is the caring that she lovingly gives, the passion that she knows-dd- Audrey Hepburn . It is so much easier to be nice, to be respectful, to put yourself in your customers’ shoes and try to understand how you might help them before they ask for help, than it is to try to mend a broken customer relationship-dd- Mark Cuban . It is good to be helpful and kindly, but don’t give yourself to be melted into candle grease for the benefit of the tallow trade-dd- George Eliot . It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received-dd- It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters-dd- Amit Ray . Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around-dd- Leo Buscaglia . We must learn to regard people less in the light of what they do or omit to do, and more in the light of what they suffer-dd- Dietrich Bonhoeffer . The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you-dd- John E-dd- Southard . Real generosity is doing something nice for someone who will never find out-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . The simplest acts of kindness are by far more powerful then a thousand heads bowing in prayer-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . A good deed is never lost-dd- He who sows courtesy, reaps friendship; he who plants kindness, gathers love; pleasure bestowed on a grateful mind was never sterile, but generally gratitude begets reward-dd- Saint Basil . Love and kindness are never wasted-dd- They always make a difference-dd- They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver-dd- Barbara de Angelis . Guard well within yourself that treasure, kindness-dd- Know how to give without hesitation, how to lose without regret, how to acquire without meanness-dd- George Sand . No kind action ever stops with itself-dd- One kind action leads to another-dd- Good example is followed-dd- A single act of kindness throws out roots in all directions, and the roots spring up and make new trees-dd- The greatest work that kindness does to others is that it makes them kind themselves-dd- Amelia Earhart . Carry out a random act of kindness, with no expectation of reward, safe in the knowledge that one day someone might do the same for you-dd- Princess Diana . Remember there’s no such thing as a small act of kindness-dd- Every act creates a ripple with no logical end-dd- Scott Adams . Deeds of kindness are equal in weight to all the commandments-dd- Talmud . Keep feeling the need for being first-dd- But I want you to be first in love-dd- I want you to be first in moral excellence-dd- I want you to be first in generosity-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . He who sees a need and waits to be asked for help is as unkind as if he had refused it-dd- Dante Alighieri . A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else’s life-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Generosity is giving more than you can, and pride is taking less than you need-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Generosity is not giving me that which I need more than you do, but it is giving me that which you need more than I do-dd- Kahlil Gibran . You give but little when you give of your possessions-dd- Kahlil Gibran . It is when you give of yourself that you truly give-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The best portion of a good man’s life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love-dd- William Wordsworth . We don’t have to engage in grand, heroic actions to participate in the process of change-dd- Small acts, when multiplied by millions of people, can transform the world-dd- Howard Zinn . A smile remains the most inexpensive gift I can bestow on anyone and yet its powers can vanquish kingdoms-dd- Og Mandino . The deeds you do may be the only sermon some persons will hear today-dd- Francis of Assisi . Great opportunities to help others seldom come, but small ones surround us every day-dd- Sally Koch . Love only grows by sharing-dd- You can only have more for yourself by giving it away to others-dd- Brian Tracy . Let us try to teach generosity and altruism, because we are born selfish-dd- Richard Dawkins . Candor and generosity, unless tempered by due moderation, leads to ruin-dd- Tacitus . Your acts of kindness are iridescent wings of divine love, which linger and continue to uplift others long after your sharing-dd- Rumi . Many men have been capable of doing a wise thing, more a cunning thing, but very few a generous thing-dd- Alexander Pope . Lose yourself in generous service and every day can be a most unusual day, a triumphant day, an abundantly rewarding day-xx- William Arthur Ward . The more generous we are, the more joyous we become-dd- The more cooperative we are, the more valuable we become-dd- The more enthusiastic we are, the more productive we become-dd- The more serving we are, the more prosperous we become-dd- William Arthur Ward . Remember there’s no such thing as a small act of kindness-dd- Every act creates a ripple with no logical end-dd- Scott Adams . Lord, help us to live the virtue of generosity, to love without limits-dd- Pope Francis . Be generous and you can be the best person who ever lived-dd- Albert Brooks . Politeness is the art of choosing among your thoughts-dd- Madame de Stael . What is there more kindly than the feeling between host and guest-qq- Aeschylus . Life is not so short but that there is always time enough for courtesy-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Making others happy, through kindness of speech and sincerity of right advice, is a sign of true greatness-dd- To hurt another soul by sarcastic words, looks, or suggestions, is despicable-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . To be liked, it means that you must be treating people with respect and you must be showing kindness toward them-dd- Queen Rania of Jordan . I guess at the end of the day, all women like to be appreciated and treated with respect and kindness-dd- Sofia Vergara . People just deserve to be treated with kindness-dd- Sophia Bush . Evil begins when you begin to treat people as things-dd- Terry Pratchett . Good manners are the technique of expressing considerations for the feelings of others-dd- Alice Miller . True politeness consists in being easy one’s self, and in making every one about one as easy as one can-dd- Alexander Pope . Politeness is to human nature what warmth is to wax-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Be courteous to all but intimate with few; and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence-dd- George Washington . Courteousness is consideration for others; politeness is the method used to deliver such considerations-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . Politeness is a desire to be treated politely, and to be esteemed polite oneself-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . Virtue, perhaps, is nothing more than politeness of soul-dd- Honore De Balzac . How would your life be different if… You stopped making negative judgmental assumptions about people you encounter-qq- Let today be the day…You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey-dd- Steve Maraboli . Transparency, honesty, kindness, good stewardship, even humor, work in businesses at all times-dd- John Gerzema . Politeness makes one appear outwardly as they should be within-dd- Jean de la Bruyere . One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness-dd- Josh Billings . On Politeness : Easy to learn-dd- Easy to practice-dd- Marlene Dietrich . Responsibility does not only lie with the leaders of our countries or with those who have been appointed or elected to do a particular job-dd- It lies with each of us individually-dd- Peace, for example, starts within each one of us-dd- When we have inner peace, we can be at peace with those around us-dd- Dalai Lama . Politeness is half good manners and half good lying-dd- Mary Wilson Little . Ceremonies are different in every country, but true politeness is everywhere the same-dd- Oliver Goldsmith . The only true source of politeness is consideration-dd- William Gilmore Simms . Compassion and tolerance are not a sign of weakness, but a sign of strength-dd- Dalai Lama . Tenderness and kindness are not signs of weakness and despair, but manifestations of strength and resolution-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Don’t ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance or my kindness for weakness-dd- Dalai Lama . Compassion is not weakness, and concern for the unfortunate is not socialism-dd- Hubert H-dd- Humphrey . But then there are magical, beautiful things in the world-dd- There’s incredible acts of kindness and bravery, and in the most unlikely places, and it gives you hope-dd- Dave Matthews . Human kindness has never weakened the stamina or softened the fiber of a free people-dd- A nation does not have to be cruel to be tough-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . I don’t worry about people misinterpreting my kindness for weakness-dd- Jason Bateman . We must not mistake kindness for weakness-dd- Kindness isn’t weak-dd- Kindness is a certain type of strength-dd- Jim Rohn . I am a little bit of a softie, yes-dd- Actually I don’t think it’s softness, I think it’s kindness-dd- Len Goodman . It is sometimes difficult to view compassion and loving kindness as the strengths they are-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Sometimes people don’t trust the force of kindness-dd- They think love or compassion or kindness will make you weak and kind of stupid and people will take advantage of you; you won’t stand up for other people-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Having a soft heart in a cruel world is courage, not weakness-dd- Unknown . It’s unfortunate and I really wish I wouldn’t have to say this, but I really like human beings who have suffered-dd- They’re kinder-dd- Emma Thompson . People just take your kindness for weakness sometimes, and that’s just the bottom line-dd- Ruben Studdard . What I call the depth of generosity is when people are very fond of giving away what they need most themselves-dd- Oscar Wilde . Courage-dd- Kindness-dd- Friendship-dd- Character-dd- These are the qualities that define us as human beings, and propel us, on occasion, to greatness-dd- R-dd-J-dd- Palacio . Above all, it is not decency or goodness of gentleness that impresses the Middle East, but strength-dd- Meir Kahane . One isn’t necessarily born with courage, but one is born with potential-dd- Without courage, we cannot practice any other virtue with consistency-dd- We can’t be kind, true, merciful, generous, or honest-dd- Maya Angelou . In this world, there is nothing softer or thinner than water-dd- But to compel the hard and unyielding, it has no equal-dd- That the weak overcomes the strong, that the hard gives way to the gentle – this everyone knows-dd- Yet no one asks accordingly-dd- Lao Tzu . Only the weak are cruel-dd- Gentleness can only be expected from the strong-dd- Leo Buscaglia . Loving yourself is healing the world-dd- Jaymie Gerard . We are all the foolishness and all the crimes we did-dd- We’re also all the kindnesses we did-dd- Hugh Leonard . Kindness in ourselves is the honey that blunts the sting of unkindness in another-dd- Walter Savage Landor . To be kind to others, be kind to yourself first-dd- wisdomquotes-dd-com . Kindness is a reflection of who you are-dd- Unknown . Remember, you have been criticizing yourself for years and it hasn’t worked-dd- Try approving of yourself and see what happens-dd- Louise L-dd- Hay . You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are-dd- Marilyn Monroe . The worst loneliness is to not be comfortable with yourself-dd- Mark Twain . The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . The man who does not value himself, cannot value anything or anyone-dd- Ayn Rand . To be kind to others you must first be kind to yourself-dd- wisdomquotes-dd-com . What’s important to me is not others’ opinions of me, but what’s important to me is my opinion of myself-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Never forget that once upon a time, in an unguarded moment, you recognized yourself as a friend-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . We cannot think of being acceptable to others until we have first proven acceptable to ourselves-dd- Malcolm X . Sometimes the hardest part of the journey is believing you’re worthy of the trip-dd- Glenn Beck . You cannot be lonely if you like the person you’re alone with-dd- Wayne W-dd- Dyer . I think the reward for conformity is that everyone likes you except yourself-dd- Rita Mae Brown . The moment that we realize our attention has wandered is the magic moment of the practice, because that’s the moment we have the chance to be really different-dd- Instead of judging ourselves, and berating ourselves, and condemning ourselves, we can be gentle with ourselves-dd- Sharon Salzberg . It’s important that what thoughts you are feeding into your mind because your thoughts create your belief and experiences-dd- You have positive thoughts and you have negative ones too-dd- Nurture your mind with positive thoughts: kindness, empathy, compassion, peace, love, joy, humility, generosity, etc-dd- The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Beautify your inner dialogue-dd- Beautify your inner world with love light and compassion-dd- Life will be beautiful-dd- Amit Ray . If your compassion does not include yourself, it is incomplete-dd- Jack Kornfield . Sanctify yourself and you will sanctify society-dd- Francis of Assisi . The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are-dd- Joseph campbell . Accept yourself totally and you’ll change your life-dd- Unknown . The simple act of caring is heroic-dd- Edward Albert . When you are kind to others, it not only changes you, it changes the world-dd- Harold Kushner . Never believe that a few caring people can’t change the world-dd- For, indeed, that’s all who ever have-dd- Margaret Mead . I feel the capacity to care is the thing which gives life its deepest significance-dd- Pablo Casals . Life is mostly froth and bubble-dd- Two things stand like stone-dd- Kindness in another’s trouble, courage in your own-dd- Adam Lindsay Gordon . If you want to lift yourself up, lift someone else up-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . A bit of fragrance always clings to the hand that gives roses-dd- Chinese Proverb . Today will never come again-dd- Be a blessing-dd- Be a friend-dd- Encourage someone-dd- Take time to care-dd- Let your words heal, and not wound-dd- Unknown . Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better-dd- It’s not-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Always stop to think whether your fun may be the cause of another’s unhappiness-dd- Aesop . Of all virtues and dignities of the mind, goodness is the greatest-dd- Francis Bacon . Never be so busy as not to think of others-dd- Mother Teresa . You either believe that people respond to authority, or that they respond to kindness and inclusion-dd- I’m obviously in the latter camp-dd- I think that people respond better to reward than punishment-dd- Brian Eno . No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness and generosity hidden in the soul of a child-dd- The effort of every true education should be to unlock that treasure-dd- Emma Goldman . I think what children need is love, security, stability, consistency, and kindness-dd- Rosie O’Donnell . Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The quality of strength lined with tenderness is an unbeatable combination, as are intelligence and necessity when unblunted by formal education-dd- Maya Angelou . When I approach a child, he inspires in me two sentiments; tenderness for what he is, and respect for what he may become-dd- Louis Pasteur . A good head and good heart are always a formidable combination-dd- But when you add to that a literate tongue or pen, then you have something very special-dd- Nelson Mandela . Criticism, like rain, should be gentle enough to nourish a man’s growth without destroying his roots-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . In mine opinion, love is fitter than fear, gentleness better than beating, to bring up a child rightly in learning-dd- Roger Ascham . Where did we ever get the crazy idea that in order to make children do better, first we have to make them feel worse-qq- Think of the last time you felt humiliated or treated unfairly-dd- Did you feel like cooperating or doing better-qq- Jane Nelson . True popularity comes from acts of kindness rather than acts of stupidity-dd- Bo Bennett . Goodness is the only investment that never fails-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Be nice to strangers-dd- Be nice even when it doesn’t matter-dd- Sam Altman . It’s all about hope, kindness and a connection with one another-dd- Elizabeth Taylor . A friend is one to whom one may pour out the contents of one’s heart, chaff and grain together, knowing that gentle hands will take and sift it, keep what is worth keeping, and with a breath of kindness, blow the rest away-dd- George Eliot . In human relationships, kindness and lies are worth a thousand truths-dd- Graham Greene . There is always a way to be honest without being brutal-dd- Arthur Dobrin . Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about-dd- Wendy Mass . Spread love everywhere you go: First of all in your own house…kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile, kindness-dd- Mother Teresa . It is the characteristic of the magnanimous man to ask no favor but to be ready to do kindness to others-dd- Aristotle . Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love-dd- Mother Teresa . He who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love-dd- St-dd- Basil . The very nature of kindness is to spread-dd- If you are kind to others, today they will be kind to you, and tomorrow to somebody else-dd- Sri Chinmoy . As the rain falls on the just and unjust alike, let your heart be untroubled by judgments and let your kindness rain down on all-dd- Buddha . I don’t care if you’re black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian, short, tall, fat, skinny, rich or poor-dd- If you’re nice to me, I’ll be nice to you-dd- Robert Michaels . Well, I think when we can turn to the person sitting next to us and really see them with kindness and see ourselves reflected back – when there’s some dignity and compassion traveling back and forth-dd- Sharon Stone . If a man be gracious and courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world, and that his heart is no island cut off from other lands, but a continent that joins to them-dd- Francis Bacon . Be kind-dd- It’s worthwhile to make an effort to learn about other people and figure out what you might have in common with them-dd- If you allow yourself to be somewhat curious – and if you get into the habit of doing that – it’s the first step to being open minded and realizing that your points of view aren’t totally opposite-dd- Viggo Mortensen . Be nice to each other-dd- You can make a whole day a different day for everybody-dd- Richard Dawson . Always set high value on spontaneous kindness-dd- He whose inclination prompts him to cultivate your friendship of his own accord will love you more than one whom you have been at pains to attach to you-dd- Samuel Johnson . Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves-dd- James M-dd- Barrie . The shortest distance between two people is a smile-dd- Victor Borge . Strong people don’t put others down, they lift them up-dd- Michael P-dd- Watson . An enemy to whom you show kindness becomes your friend, excepting lust, the indulgence of which increases its enmity-dd- Saadi . Let your enemies be disarmed by the gentleness of your manner, but at the same time let them feel, the steadiness of your resentment-dd- Lord Chesterfield . An eye for an eye, and the whole world would be blind-dd- Kahlil Gibran . It is easy enough to be friendly to one’s friends-dd- But to befriend the one who regards himself as your enemy is the quintessence of true religion-dd- The other is mere business-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Compassion is the signature of Higher Consciousness-dd- Non-violence is the tool to evolve into the Higher Consciousness-dd- Amit Ray . There are many goals but one path – the path of compassion-dd- Amit Ray . Keep your friends close, keep your enemies closer-dd- Niccolò Machiavelli . Kindness is in our power, even when fondness is not-dd- Samuel Johnson . Conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the truth-dd- Buddha . If a person seems wicked, do not cast him away-dd- Awaken him with your words, elevate him with your deeds, repay his injury with your kindness-dd- Do not cast him away; cast away his wickedness-dd- Lao Tzu . Constant kindness can accomplish much-dd- As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate-dd- Albert Schweitzer . What this world needs is a new kind of army – the army of the kind-dd- Cleveland Amory . No one is born hating another person…People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite-dd- Nelson Mandela . Gentleness, self-sacrifice and generosity are the exclusive possession of no one race or religion-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The Bible calls us to love our neighbors, and to do justice and love kindness, not to indiscriminately kill one another-dd- Adam Hamilton . He who aspires to paradise should learn to deal with people with kindness-dd- Ahmad Shah Massood . I love you when you bow in your mosque, kneel in your temple, pray in your church-dd- For you and I are sons of one religion, and it is the spirit-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Tenderness is the greater proof of love than the most passionate of vows-dd- Marlene Dietrich . If you expect the blessings of God, be kind to His people-dd- Abu Bakr . One man practicing kindness in the wilderness is worth all the temples this world pulls-dd- Jack Kerouac . I don’t think Christmas is necessarily about things-dd- It’s about being good to one another, it’s about the Christian ethic, it’s about kindness-dd- Carrie Fisher . I believe in the will-dd- I believe in discipline-dd- I believe in the organization-dd- I believe in the rigor that gives us work-dd- I believe in love as an engine of all things-dd- I believe in the light-dd- I believe in God-dd- I believe in kindness-dd- Edgar Ramirez . I believe in one God, and no more; and I hope for happiness beyond this life-dd- I believe in the equality of man; and I believe that religious duties consist in doing justice, loving mercy, and endeavoring to make our fellow creatures happy-dd- Thomas Paine . We must seek the loving-kindness of God in all the breadth and open-air of common life-dd- George A-dd- Smith . I admire the fact that the central core of Buddhist teaching involves mindfulness and loving kindness and compassion-dd- Ron Reagan . But I tell you, love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you-dd- Matthew 5:44 . Love your neighbor as yourself-dd- Mark 12:31 . A warm smile is the universal language of kindness-dd- William Arthur Ward . The end result of kindness is that it draws people to you-dd- Anita Roddick . Ask yourself: Have you been kind today-qq- Make kindness your daily modus operandi and change your world-dd- Annie Lennox . As much as we need a prosperous economy, we also need a prosperity of kindness and decency-dd- Caroline Kennedy . For my father, being kind was natural… I have to really work at it-dd- I love competing and winning, conquest – not words you usually associate with kindness-dd- David Copperfield . If we’re destroying our trees and destroying our environment and hurting animals and hurting one another and all that stuff, there’s got to be a very powerful energy to fight that-dd- I think we need more love in the world-dd- We need more kindness, more compassion, more joy, more laughter-dd- I definitely want to contribute to that-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Today we are afraid of simple words like goodness and mercy and kindness-dd- We don’t believe in the good old words because we don’t believe in good old values anymore-dd- And that’s why the world is sick-dd- Lin Yutang . It is the history of our kindnesses that alone make this world tolerable-dd- If it were not for that, for the effect of kind words, kind looks, kind letters… I should be inclined to think our life a practical jest in the worst possible spirit-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . If you have donated, these children may never know your name, but they will never forget your kindness-dd- Roma Downey . To be hopeful in bad times is based on the fact that human history is not only of cruelty, but also of compassion, sacrifice, courage, kindness-dd- If we see only the worst, it destroys our capacity to do something-dd- If we remember those times and places where people have behaved magnificently, this gives us the energy to act-dd- And if we do act, in however small a way, we don’t have to wait for some grand Utopian future-dd- The future is an infinite succession of presents, and to live now as we think human beings should live, in defiance of all that is bad around us, is itself a marvelous victory-dd- Howard Zinn . Men are more prone to revenge injuries than to requite kindness-dd- Thomas Fuller . I think true success is intrinsic… It’s love-dd- It’s kindness-dd- It’s community-dd- Tom Shadyac . The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Few will have the greatness to bend history itself, but each of us can work to change a small portion of events-dd- It is from numberless diverse acts of courage and belief that human history is shaped-dd- Each time a man stands up for an ideal, or acts to improve the lot of others, or strikes out against injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope, and crossing each other from a million different centers of energy and daring those ripples build a current which can sweep down the mightiest walls of oppression and resistance-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . Simple kindness may be the most vital key to the riddle of how human beings can live with each other in peace, and care properly for this planet we all share-dd- Bo Lozoff . If the earth does grow inhospitable toward human presence, it is primarily because we have lost our sense of courtesy toward the earth and its inhabitants-dd- Thomas Berry . Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The everyday kindness of the back roads more than makes up for the acts of greed in the headlines-dd- Charles Kuralt . When our community is in a state of peace, it can share that peace with neighboring communities, and so on-dd- When we feel love and kindness towards others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace-dd- And there are ways in which we can consciously work to develop feelings of love and kindness-dd- For some of us, the most effective way to do so is through religious practice-dd- For others it may be non-religious practices-dd- What is important is that we each make a sincere effort to take our responsibility for each other and for the natural environment we live in seriously-dd- Dalai Lama . Every single time you help somebody stand up you are helping humanity rise-dd- Steve Maraboli . 1-dd- Love is the absence of judgment-dd- Dalai Lama . 2-dd- Our prime purpose in this life is to help others-dd- And if you can’t help them, at least don’t hurt them-dd- Dalai Lama . 3-dd- Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries-dd- Without them, humanity cannot survive-dd- Dalai Lama . 4-dd- Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck-dd- Dalai Lama . 5-dd- There is a saying in Tibetan, ‘Tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength-dd-’ No matter what sort of difficulties, how painful experience is, if we lose our hope, that’s our real disaster-dd- Dalai Lama . 6-dd- To conquer oneself is a greater victory than to conquer thousands in a battle-dd- Dalai Lama . 7-dd- We can never obtain peace in the outer world until we make peace with ourselves-dd- Dalai Lama . 8-dd- Every day, think as you wake up, today I am fortunate to be alive, I have a precious human life, I am not going to waste it-dd- I am going to use all my energies to develop myself, to expand my heart out to others; to achieve enlightenment for the benefit of all beings-dd- I am going to have kind thoughts towards others, I am not going to get angry or think badly about others-dd- I am going to benefit others as much as I can-dd- Dalai Lama . 9-dd- Only the development of compassion and understanding for others can bring us the tranquility and happiness we all seek-dd- Dalai Lama . 10-dd- Give the ones you love wings to fly, roots to come back, and reasons to stay-dd- Dalai Lama . 11-dd- If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito-dd- Dalai Lama . 1-dd- Peace begins with a smile-dd- Mother Teresa . 2-dd- Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing-dd- Mother Teresa . 3-dd- I am not sure exactly what heaven will be like, but I know that when we die and it comes time for God to judge us, he will not ask, ‘How many good things have you done in your life-qq-’ rather he will ask, ‘How much love did you put into what you did-qq-’-dd- Mother Teresa . 4-dd- Do not think that love in order to be genuine has to be extraordinary-dd- What we need is to love without getting tired-dd- Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies-dd- Mother Teresa . 5-dd- Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless-dd- Mother Teresa . 6-dd- The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved-dd- Mother Teresa . 7-dd- Spread love everywhere you go-dd- Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier-dd- Mother Teresa . 8-dd- I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love-dd- Mother Teresa . 9-dd- If you judge people, you have no time to love them-dd- Mother Teresa . 10-dd- We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do-dd- Mother Teresa . 11-dd- What can you do to promote world peace-qq- Go home and love your family-dd- Mother Teresa . 12-dd- Intense love does not measure, it just gives-dd- Mother Teresa . There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies-dd- My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness-dd- Dalai Lama . 