He who does not trust enough, will not be trusted-dd- Lao Tzu . The river is wild-dd- You can’t control it-dd- Embrace the chaos-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Trust yourself, you will start to trust others-dd- Santosh Kalwar . Speak your truth, even if your voice shakes-dd- Robin Sharma . Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none-dd- William Shakespeare . Earn trust, earn trust, earn trust-dd- Then you can worry about the rest-dd- Seth Godin . As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Every path but your own is the path of fate-dd- Keep on your own track, then-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . To be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved-dd- George MacDonald . To conquer the unknown you must trust-dd- Yogi Bhajan . Self trust is the essence of heroism-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Better to trust the man who is frequently in error than the one who is never in doubt-dd- Eric Sevareid . Trust starts with truth and ends with truth-dd- Santosh Kalwar . I don’t trust anyone who doesn’t laugh-dd- Maya Angelou . One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life-dd- E-dd-M-dd- Forster . You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment unless you trust enough-dd- Frank Crane . Those who trust us educate us-dd- George Eliot . All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them-dd- Walt Disney . Honesty is the best policy-dd- If I lose mine honor, I lose myself-dd- William Shakespeare . For it is in your power to retire into yourself whenever you choose-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Liberalism is trust of the people tempered by prudence-dd- Conservatism is distrust of the people tempered by fear-dd- William E-dd- Gladstone . To have faith is to trust yourself to the water-dd- When you swim you don’t grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown-dd- Instead you relax, and float-dd- Alan W-dd- Watts . The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself-dd- The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Trust in what you love, continue to do it, and it will take you where you need to go-dd- Natalie Goldberg . You can’t connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards-dd- So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future-dd- Steve Jobs . I’m not upset that you lied to me, I’m upset that from now on I can’t believe you-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Distrust all in whom the impulse to punish is powerful-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Trustful people are the pure at heart, as they are moved by the zeal of their own trustworthiness-dd- Criss Jami . The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself-dd- Michel de Montaigne (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Trust is like a vase, once it’s broken, though you can fix it, the vase will never be same again-dd- Walter Anderson . Trust is built with consistency-dd- Lincoln Chafee . Trust is the glue of life-dd- It’s the most essential ingredient in effective communication-dd- It’s the foundational principle that holds all relationships-dd- Stephen Covey . Trust is the easiest thing in the world to loose, and the hardest thing in the world to get back-dd- R-dd- Williams . Trust is built when no one is looking-dd- Seth Godin . Don’t trust the person who has broken faith once-dd- William Shakespeare . Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters-dd- Albert Einstein . You must trust and believe in people, or life becomes impossible-dd- Anton Chekhov . I don’t trust people who don’t love themselves and tell me, ‘I love you’-dd- There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt-dd- Maya Angelou . I believe in trusting-dd- Trust begets trust-dd- Suspicion is foetid and only stinks-dd- He who trusts has never yet lost in the world-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . I trust no one, not even myself-dd- Joseph Stalin . The shifts of fortune test the reliability of friends-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . The trust of the innocent is the liar’s most useful tool-dd- Stephen King . Even miracles take a little time-dd- Fairy Godmother (Cinderella) . Don’t just fly, soar-dd- Dumbo . All it takes is faith and trust-dd- Peter Pan (Disney) . I believe that everything happens for a reason-dd- People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they’re right, you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself, and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Be courteous to all but intimate with few; and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence-dd- George Washington . We are not afraid to entrust the American people with unpleasant facts, foreign ideas, alien philosophies, and competitive values-dd- For a nation that is afraid to let its people judge the truth and falsehood in an open market is a nation that is afraid of its people-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can not fool all of the people all of the time-dd- Abraham Lincoln . The people when rightly and fully trusted will return the trust-dd- Abraham Lincoln . It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it-dd- Warren Buffett . Trust is like the air we breathe – when it’s present, nobody really notices; when it’s absent, everybody notices-dd- Warren Buffett . Forget what people say to your face-dd- Look at their actions-dd- Pope Francis . Faith is taking the first step even when you don’t see the whole staircase-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . I think we may safely trust a good deal more than we do-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Men trust their ears less than their eyes-dd- Herodotus . Trust, but verify-dd- Ronald Reagan . Self-trust is the first secret of success-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Wise men put their trust in ideas and not in circumstances-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Creativity comes from trust-dd- Trust your instincts-dd- Rita Mae Brown . Trusting is hard-dd- Knowing who to trust, even harder-dd- Maria V-dd- Snyder . Keep your promises and be consistent-dd- Be the kind of person others can trust-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . A king who trusts no man is weak-dd- Patricia Briggs . Trust one who has gone through it-dd- Virgil . Trusting you is my decision-dd- Proving me right is your choice-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . I don’t trust words, I trust actions-dd- Unknown . Trust starts with truth and ends with truth-dd- Unknown . Be all in or get all out-dd- There is no halfway-dd- Unknown . The best proof of love is trust-dd- Joyce Brothers . Everything ultimately comes down to trust-dd- Marcus Sheridan . It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable-dd- Seneca . Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity-dd- Kahlil Gibran . In yourself right now is all the place you’ve got-dd- Flannery O’Connor . Trust only movement-dd- Life happens at the level of events, not of words-dd- Trust movement-dd- Alfred Adler . What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Trust that little voice in your head that says “Wouldn’t it be interesting if-dd--dd-”; And then do it-dd- Duane Michals . Trust yourself-dd- Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life-dd- Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement-dd- Golda Meir . In this world, there was nothing scarier than trusting someone-dd- But there was also nothing more rewarding-dd- Brad Meltzer . Part 1-dd- A tree says: My strength is trust-dd- I know nothing about my fathers, I know nothing about the thousand children that every year spring out of me-dd- Hermann Hesse . Part 2-dd- I live out the secret of my seed to the very end, and I care for nothing else-dd- I trust that God is in me-dd- I trust that my labor is holy-dd- Out of this trust I live-dd- Hermann Hesse . Be silent and safe — silence never betrays you; Be true to your word and your work and your friend; Put least trust in him who is foremost to praise you, nor judge of a road till it draw to the end-dd- John Boyle O’Reilly . To sit patiently with a yearning that has not yet been fulfilled, and to trust that, that fulfillment will come, is quite possibly one of the most powerful “magic skills” that human beings are capable of-dd- It has been noted by almost every ancient wisdom tradition-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . Life is not easy for any of us-dd- But what of that-qq- We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves-dd- We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained-dd- Marie Curie . You must train your intuition – you must trust the small voice inside you which tells you exactly what to say, what to decide-dd- Ingrid Bergman . Learn to trust the journey, even when you do not understand it-dd- Lolly Daskal . Part 1-dd- To be a good human being is to have a kind of openness to the world, an ability to trust uncertain things beyond your own control, that can lead you to be shattered in very extreme circumstances for which you were not to blame-dd- Martha Nussbaum . Part 2-dd- That says something very important about the condition of the ethical life: that it is based on a trust in the uncertain and on a willingness to be exposed; it’s based on being more like a plant than like a jewel, something rather fragile, but whose very particular beauty is inseparable from that fragility-dd- Martha Nussbaum . Ultimate freedom has nothing to do with your life circumstances – it is the freedom of allowing the self to dissolve into the waves of the ocean-dd- It is the freedom that is born through one’s absolute trust in life-dd- Richard Rudd . Trust is letting go of needing to know all the details before you open your heart-dd- Unknown . Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it’s safe or certain-dd- Unknown . Trust opens up new and unimagined possibilities-dd- Robert C-dd- Solomon . Trust everybody, but cut the cards-dd- Finley Peter Dunne . In God we trust, all others we virus scan-dd- Unknown . Don’t trust everything you see-dd- Even salt looks like sugar-dd- Unknown . Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if it’s broken, but you can still see the crack in that mother fucker’s reflection-dd- Lady Gaga . Tell people there’s an invisible man in the sky who created the universe, and the vast majority will believe you-dd- Tell them the paint is wet, and they have to touch it to be sure-dd- George Carlin . You can’t trust a promise someone makes while they’re drunk, in love, hungry, or running for office-dd- Joe Moore . A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes-dd- Charles Spurgeon . Trust no one unless you have eaten much salt with him-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . The only statistics you can trust are those you falsified yourself-dd- Winston Churchill . Doubt everything-dd- Find your own light-dd- Buddha . Never trust he who trusts everyone-dd- Carlos Ruiz Zafón . Never trust the advice of a man in difficulties-dd- Aesop . Our distrust is very expensive-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . You can as easily love without trusting as you can hug without embracing-dd- Robert Brault . We’re all born brave, trusting, and greedy, and most of us remain greedy-dd- Mignon McLaughlin . A man who trusts nobody is apt to be the kind of man nobody trusts-dd- Harold Macmillan . We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty-xx- Douglas Adams . Nothing happens to any man that he is not formed by nature to bear-dd- Marcus Aurelius . All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust-dd- J-dd-M-dd- Barrie (Peter Pan) . What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly-dd- Richard Bach . I would rather trust a woman’s instinct than a man’s reason-dd- Stanley Baldwin . The words “I Love You” kill, and resurrect millions, in less than a second-dd- Aberjhani . Because you believed I was capable of behaving decently, I did-dd- Paulo Coelho . What loneliness is more lonely than distrust-qq- George Eliot . The deep roots never doubt spring will come-dd- Marty Rubin . You can’t shake hands with a clenched fist-dd- Indira Gandhi . It is an equal failing to trust everybody, and to trust nobody-dd- English Proverb . I trust everyone-dd- I just don’t trust the devil inside them-dd- Troy Kennedy-Martin . We’re paying the highest tribute you can pay a man-dd- We trust him to do right-dd- It’s that simple-dd- Harper Lee . The primary reason people believe in anything is because others believe-dd- Brian Norgard . It is better to suffer wrong than to do it, and happier to be sometimes cheated than not to trust-dd- Samuel Johnson . Seek not the favor of the multitude; it is seldom got by honest and lawful means-dd- But seek the testimony of few; and number not voices, but weigh them-dd- Immanuel Kant . It was the greatest sensation of existence: not to trust but to know-dd- Ayn RandYou can go wrong by being too skeptical as readily as by being too trusting-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Indifference is expensive-dd- Hostility is unaffordable-dd- Trust is priceless-dd- It’s all about Relationships-dd- Ted Rubin . How can people trust the harvest unless they see it sown-qq- Unknown . When you make a commitment, you build hope-dd- When you keep it, you build trust-dd- . A man who doesn’t trust himself can never really trust anyone else-dd- Cardinal De Retz . Seize the day, and put the least possible trust in tomorrow-dd- Horace . Regard a friend as loyal, and you will make him loyal-dd- Seneca . Few delights can equal the mere presence of one whom we trust utterly-dd- George MacDonald . But what are loyalty and caring really worth-qq- To me-qq- Everything-dd- Richelle Mead . The best fights don’t occur between strangers-dd- They occur between friends who trust each other-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them-dd- Confucius . I have not observed mens honesty to increase with their riches-dd- Thomas Jefferson . It is mutual trust, even more than mutual interest, that holds human associations together-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . Every kind of peaceful cooperation among men is primarily based on mutual trust-dd- Albert Einstein . Age appears to be best in four things; old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read-dd- Francis Bacon . As social animals we need friends and what attracts them is trust-dd- And trust grows when we show real concern for others’ well-being-dd- Dalai Lama . If you live your life honestly and truthfully, you’ll be open and transparent, which leads to trust-dd- And trust leads to friendship-dd- Dalai Lama . Friendship – my definition – is built on two things-dd- Respect and trust-dd- Both elements have to be there-dd- And it has to be mutual-dd- You can have respect for someone, but if you don’t have trust, the friendship will crumble-dd- Stieg Larsson . The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, nor the kindly smile, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when you discover that someone else believes in you and is willing to trust you with a friendship-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Trust is hard to come by-dd- That’s why my circle is small and tight-dd- Eminem . We need people in our lives with whom we can be as open as possible-dd- To have real conversations with people may seem like such a simple, obvious suggestion, but it involves courage and risk-dd- Thomas Moore . Trust no friend without faults, and love a woman, but no angel-dd- Doris Lessing . A man trusts another man when he sees enough of himself in him-dd- Gregory David Roberts . My books are friends that never fail me-dd- Thomas Carlyle . When mistrust comes in, loves goes out-dd- Irish proverb . Have enough courage to trust love one more time and always one more time-dd- Maya Angelou . Love is always supportive, loyal, hopeful, and trusting-dd- Corinthians 13:7 . Love is giving someone the ability to destroy you — but trusting them not to-dd- Unknown . In love we often doubt what we most believe-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . A healthy relationship is built on unwavering trust-dd- Beau Mirchoff . A good marriage is at least 80 percent good luck in finding the right person at the right time-dd- The rest is trust-dd- Nanette Newman . Without communication, there is no relationship-dd- Without respect, there is no love-dd- Without trust, there’s no reason to continue-dd- Unknown . A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity-dd- The order varies for any given year-dd- Paul Sweeney . Part 1-dd- The beginning of love is the will to let those we love be perfectly themselves, the resolution not to twist them to fit our own image-dd- Thomas Merton . Part 2-dd- If in loving them we do not love what they are, but only their potential likeness to ourselves, then we do not love them: we only love the reflection of ourselves we find in them-dd- Thomas Merton . Love meant jumping off a cliff and trusting that a certain person would be there to catch you at the bottom-dd- Jodi Picoult . Love one another, but make not a bond of love: Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls-dd- Kahlil Gibran . I’ll marry you if you admit that respect, admiration, and trust equals love-dd- Hal Hartley (In the movie Trust, 1990) https://www-dd-imdb-dd-com/title/tt0103130/ . After all, damn it, what does being in love mean if you can’t trust a person-dd- Evelyn Waugh . Trust is the fruit of a relationship in which you know you are loved-dd- William Paul Young . Never trust a husband too far, nor a bachelor too near-dd- Helen Rowland . Trust your intuition and be guided by love-dd- Charles Eisenstein . Love cannot live where there is no trust-dd- Edith Hamilton . Trust is the mother of deceit-dd- English proverb . Only those you trust can betray you-dd- Terry Goodkind . If you tell the truth, you don’t have to remember anything-dd- Mark Twain . The worst thing about being lied to is knowing you are not worth the truth-dd- Jean-Paul Sartre . If you once forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem-dd- Abraham Lincoln . The liar’s punishment is not in the least that he is not believed, but that he cannot believe anyone else-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Part 1-dd- Any ordinary favor we do for someone or any compassionate reaching out may seem to be going nowhere at first, but may be planting a seed we can’t see right now-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Part 2-dd- Sometimes we need to just do the best we can and then trust in an unfolding we can’t design or ordain-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Trust is like a paper, once it’s crumpled it can’t be perfect again-dd- Unknown . A single lie discovered is enough to create doubt in every truth expressed-dd- Unknown . For there to be betrayal, there would have to have been trust first-dd- Suzanne Collins (The Hunger Games) . People that have trust issues only need to look in the mirror-dd- There they will meet the one person that will betray them the most-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . “It was a mistake” you said-dd- But the cruel thing was, it felt like the mistake was mine, for trusting you-dd- David Levithan . I used to take on trust a man’s deeds after having listened to his words-dd- Now having listened to a man’s words I go on to observe his deeds-dd- Confucius . I got trust issues because people got lying issues-dd- Unknown . For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth-dd- Bo Bennett . Sometimes you get the best light from a burning bridge-dd- Don Henley . Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will-dd- Suzy Kassem . Doubt is an uncomfortable condition, but certainty is a ridiculous one-dd- Voltaire . Life is doubt, and faith without doubt is nothing but death-dd- Miguel de Unamuno . If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things-dd- René Descartes . I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right-dd- Muhammad Ali Jinnah . The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it-dd- J-dd-M-dd- Barrie . You cannot stop trusting people in life but I have learned to be a little bit careful-dd- The way to make people trust-worthy is to trust them-dd- Ernest Hemingway . It is only prudent never to place complete confidence in that by which we have even once been deceived-dd- René Descartes . Do not trust all men, but trust men of worth; the former course is silly, the latter a mark of prudence-dd- Democritus . Don’t let insecure thoughts ruin something amazing-dd- Unknown . Never trust the version that people give of themselves — it is utterly unreliable-dd- Robert Greene . Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt-dd- Jane Addams . We are all selfish and I no more trust myself than others with a good motive-dd- Lord Byron . Doubt isn’t the opposite of faith; it is an element of faith-dd- Paul Tillich . Sometimes I think it is my mission to bring faith to the faithless, and doubt to the faithful-dd- Paul Tillich . I always knew I was going to be rich-dd- I don’t think I ever doubted it for a minute-dd- Warren Buffett . And your doubt can become a good quality if you train it-dd- It must become knowing, it must become criticism-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today-dd- Let us move forward with strong and active faith-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Every mental act is composed of doubt and belief, but it is belief that is the positive, it is belief that sustains thought and holds the world together-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . Religion is a culture of faith; science is a culture of doubt-dd- Richard Feynman . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Faith requires following the power of a whisper-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Quit questioning God and start trusting Him-xx- Joel Osteen . A skeptic is a person who would ask God for his ID card-dd- Edgar A-dd- Shoaff . Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservation-dd- D-dd- Elton Trueblood . None of us knows what might happen even the next minute, yet still we go forward-dd- Because we trust-dd- Because we have Faith-dd- Paulo Coelho . Men trust God by risking rejection-dd- Women trust God by waiting-dd- Carolyn McCulley . If you put your trust in God, you’ll be all right in the end-dd- Nicholas Sparks . My trust is solely in God-dd- And I trust men only because I trust God-dd- If I had no God to rely upon, I should be like Timon, a hater of my species-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Do not let your hearts be troubled-dd- Trust in God; trust also in me-dd- Jesus Christ . I want to change my circumstances-dd- God wants to change me-dd- Rick Warren . The inability to open up to hope is what blocks trust, and blocked trust is the reason for blighted dreams-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . Part 1-dd- Above all, trust in the slow work of God-dd- We are quite naturally impatient in everything to reach the end without delay-dd- Pierre Teilhard de Chardin . Part 2-dd- We should like to skip the intermediate stages-dd- We are impatient of being on the way to something unknown, something new-dd- Pierre Teilhard de Chardin . Part 3-dd- And yet it is the law of all progress that it is made by passing through some stages of instability – and that it may take a very long time-dd- Pierre Teilhard de Chardin . Hope is both the earliest and the most indispensable virtue inherent in the state of being alive-dd- If life is to be sustained hope must remain, even where confidence is wounded, trust impaired-dd- Erik H-dd- Erikson . Say what you will about the sweet miracle of un questioning faith, I consider a capacity for it terrifying and absolutely vile-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Only trust in God can transform doubts into certainty, evil into good, night into radiant dawn-dd- Pope Francis . Those who trust in their riches will fall, but the righteous will thrive like a green leaf-dd- Proverbs 11:28 . But I trust in your unfailing love; my heart rejoices in your salvation-dd- Psalm 13:5 . When you go through deep waters, I will be with you-dd- Isaiah 43:2 . When I am afraid, I put my trust in you-dd- Psalm 56-dd-3 . Trust is earned when actions meet words-dd- Chris Butler . Trust leads to approachability and open communications-dd- Scott Weiss . Consistency is the true foundation of trust-dd- Either keep your promises or do not make them-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Forgiveness must be immediate, whether or not a person asks for it-dd- Trust must be rebuilt over time-dd- Trust requires a track record-dd- Rick Warren . Trust is built when someone is vulnerable and not taken advantage of-dd- Bob Vanourek . I believe in trusting men, not only once but twice – in giving a failure another chance-dd- James Cash Penney . Respect is earned-dd- Honesty is appreciated-dd- Trust is gained-dd- Loyalty is returned-dd- Unknown . Trust takes years to build, seconds to break, and forever to repair-dd- Unknown . Constant kindness can accomplish much-dd- As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Trust has to be earned, and should come only after the passage of time-dd- Arthur Ashe . Learning to trust is one of life’s most difficult tasks-dd- Isaac Watts . Leadership is an achievement of trust-dd- Peter Drucker . Do the right thing-dd- Always-dd- Ted Coiné . Trust isn’t about liking your team-dd- It’s about being able to count on your team-dd- Adam Grant . I believe fundamental honesty is the keystone of business-dd- Harvey Firestone . I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself-dd- Robert E-dd- Lee . Few things help an individual more than to place responsibility upon him, and to let him know that you trust him-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . When the trust account is high, communication is easy, instant, and effective-dd- Stephen Covey . Trust is the highest form of human motivation-dd- It brings out the very best in people-dd- But it takes time and patience-dd- Stephen Covey . Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work-dd- Warren Bennis . Where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody-dd- Agatha Christie . The chief lesson I have learned in a long life is that the only way you can make a man trustworthy is to trust him; and the surest way to make him untrustworthy is to distrust him and show your distrust-dd- Henry L-dd- Stimson . Trust starts with trustworthy leadership-dd- It must be built into the corporate culture-dd- Barbara Brooks Kimmel . People follow leaders by choice-dd- Without trust, at best you get compliance-dd- Jesse Lyn Stoner . When you have collected all the facts and fears and made your decision, turn off all your fears and go ahead-xx- George S-dd- Patton . Great leaders are great because people respect and trust them, not because they have power-dd- Ken Blanchard . Our words and deeds must match if you expect employees to trust in your leadership-dd- Kevin Kruse . In order to establish trust, it is first important that you be trustworthy-dd- This means you should be forthright with all your dealings-dd- Paul Melendez . Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free-dd- Paul Tillich . The glue that holds all relationships together – including the relationship between the leader and the led – is trust, and trust is based on integrity-dd- Brian Tracy . In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Part 1-dd- The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say ‘I-dd-’ And that’s not because they have trained themselves not to say ‘I’-dd- Peter Drucker . Part 2-dd- They don’t think ‘I-dd-’ They think ‘we’; they think ‘team-dd-’ They understand their job to be to make the team function-dd- They accept responsibility and don’t sidestep it, but ‘we’ gets the credit…-dd- This is what creates trust, what enables you to get the task done-dd- Peter Drucker . If you don’t have trust inside your company, then you can’t transfer it to your customers-dd- Roger Staubach . If people like you, they’ll listen to you, but if they trust you, they’ll do business with you-dd- Zig Ziglar . Either we’re a team or we aren’t-dd- Either you trust me or you don’t-dd- Ally Carter . Be prepared and be honest-dd- John Wooden . Nothing can bring you peace but yourself-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . If you want a thing done well, do it yourself-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . You can only trust yourself… and barely that-dd- Paige Wilson . Don’t try to comprehend with your mind-dd- Your minds are very limited-dd- Use your intuition-dd- Madeleine L’Engle . It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover-dd- Henri Poincare . It is folly for a man to pray to the gods for that which he has the power to obtain by himself-dd- Epicurus . I’ll walk where my own nature would be leading-dd- It vexes me to choose another guide-dd- Charlotte Brontë . Do not lose hope — what you seek will be found-dd- Trust ghosts-dd- Trust those that you have helped to help you in their turn-dd- Trust dreams-dd- Trust your heart, and trust your story-dd- Neil Gaiman . The great object of education should be commensurate with the object of life-dd- It should be a moral one; to teach self-trust: to inspire the youthful man with an interest in himself; with a curiosity touching his own nature; to acquaint him with the resources of his mind, and to teach him that there is all his strength-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . In self-trust all the virtues are comprehended-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . If we can just let go and trust that things will work out they way they’re supposed to, without trying to control the outcome, then we can begin to enjoy the moment more fully-dd- The joy of the freedom it brings becomes more pleasurable than the experience itself-dd- Goldie Hawn . If you cannot trust yourself, you cannot even trust your mistrust of yourself – so that without this underlying trust in the whole system of nature you are simply paralyzed-dd- Alan Watts . Trust your own instincts, go inside, follow your heart-dd- Right from the start-dd- Go ahead and stand up for what you believe in-dd- As I’ve learned, that’s the path to happiness-dd- Lesley Ann Warren . The only way to survive is to admit you are on your own, learn to make your own decisions, and trust your judgement-dd- Robert Greene . Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next-dd- Dr-dd- Jonas Salk . Trust your hunches-dd- They’re usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level-dd- Joyce Brothers . Trust yourself-dd- You know more than you think you do-dd- Benjamin Spock . Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be-dd- Jane Austen . I’ll not listen to reason… reason always means what someone else has got to say-dd- Elizabeth Gaskell . Part 1-dd- But I think that because they trusted themselves and respected themselves as individuals, because they knew beyond doubt that they were valuable and potentially moral units – because of this they could give God their own courage and dignity and then receive it back-dd- John Steinbeck . Part 2-dd- Such things have disappeared perhaps because men do not trust themselves anymore-dd- John Steinbeck . Because one believes in oneself, one doesn’t try to convince others-dd- Because one is content with oneself, one doesn’t need others’ approval-dd- Because one accepts oneself, the whole world accepts him or her-dd- Lao Tzu . Take no one’s word for anything, including mine – but trust your experience-dd- James Baldwin . The mind lives in doubt and the heart lives in trust-dd- When you trust, suddenly you become centered-dd- Osho . Let yourself be silently drawn by the strange pull of what you really love-dd- It will not lead you astray-dd- Rumi . Travelers, there is no path, paths are made by walking-dd- Antonio Machado . A mind that trusts itself is light on its feet-dd- Nathaniel Branden . When in doubt, reinforce your self-trust-dd- Laurie Nadel . Trust yourself more and others less-dd- Robert Greene . Why are you so enchanted by this world, when a mine of gold lies within you-qq- Rumi . Part 1-dd- I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going-dd- And I have trained myself to love it-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Part 2-dd- Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Part 3-dd- And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to-dd- But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Part 4-dd- You may not know where you’re going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . 