Try again-dd- Fail again-dd- Fail better-dd- Samuel Beckett . Success isn’t permanent and failure isn’t fatal-dd- Mike Ditka . All my successes have been built on my failures-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Anyone who attempts is not a failure-dd- Sarah Dessen . No man is defeated without until he has first been defeated within-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment-dd- Henry David Thoreau . I don’t believe in failure-dd- It is not failure if you enjoyed the process-dd- Oprah Winfrey . A minute’s success pays the failure of years-dd- Robert Browning . Make new mistakes-dd- Make glorious, amazing mistakes-dd- Make mistakes nobody’s ever made before-dd- Neil Gaiman . Failure is success in progress-dd- Albert Einstein . Losers quit when they fail-dd- Winners fail until they succeed-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Failure is simply an opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently-dd- Henry Ford . Mistakes are the portals of discovery-dd- James Joyce . Don’t worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you don’t even try-dd- Jack Canfield . You should become a connoisseur of your own mistakes, turning them over in your mind as if they were works of art, which in a way they are-dd- Daniel Dennett . Failure is an attitude, not an outcome-dd- Harvey MacKay . First principle: never to let one’s self be beaten down by persons or by events-dd- Marie Curie . In any case, you must not confuse a single failure with a final defeat-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I built my life-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough-dd- Og Mandino . You can’t let your failures define you-dd- You have to let your failures teach you-dd- Barack Obama . Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure-dd- Confucius . Negative results are just what I want-dd- They’re just as valuable to me as positive results-dd- I can never find the thing that does the job best until I find the ones that don’t-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . I can accept failure, everyone fails at something-dd- But I can’t accept not trying-dd- Michael Jordan . Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat-dd- Ralph Ellison . There is no such thing as failure, only results-dd- Tony Robbins . Don’t think of it as failure-dd- Think of it as time-released success-dd- Robert Orben . Sport and life is about losing-dd- It’s about understanding how to lose-dd- Lynn Davies . Failure is unimportant-dd- It takes courage to make a fool of yourself-dd- Charlie Chaplin (This is one of my favorite failure quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . I have not failed-dd- I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Success is usually the culmination of controlling failure-dd- Sylvester Stallone . Sometimes life’s going to hit you in the head with a brick-dd- Don’t lose faith-dd- Steve Jobs . When it’s tough, will you give up or will you be relentless-qq- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . It’s fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure-dd- Bill Gates . I’ve missed more than 9000 shots in my career-dd- I’ve lost almost 300 games-dd- 26 times, I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed-dd- I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life-dd- And that is why I succeed-dd- Michael Jordan . You have to be able to accept failure to get better-dd- LeBron James . Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new-dd- Albert Einstein . Failure is an importance part of your growth… Don’t be afraid to fail-dd- Michelle Obama . Making your mark on the world is hard-dd- If it were easy, everybody would do it-dd- But it’s not-dd- It takes patience, it takes commitment, and it comes with plenty of failure along the way-dd- Barack Obama . In a world that’s changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is to not taking risks-dd- Mark Zuckerberg (Facebook) . If you set your goals ridiculously high and it’s a failure, you will fail above everyone else’s success-dd- James Cameron (Terminator, Avatar, Titanic) . Please know that I am aware of the hazards-dd- I want to do it because I want to do it-dd- Women must try to do things as men have tried-dd- When they fail, their failure must be a challenge to others-dd- Amelia Earhart (First female aviator to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean) . It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts-dd- Winston Churchill . Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm-dd- Winston Churchill . The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows-dd- Buddha . My great concern is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with your failure-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Victory has a hundred fathers, but failure is an orphan-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . When you fail to prepare, you’re preparing to fail-dd- John Wooden (More on that quote here) . Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . Do not fear mistakes-dd- You will know failure-dd- Continue to reach out-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Science, my lad, is made up of mistakes, but they are mistakes which it is useful to make, because they lead little by little to the truth-dd- Jules Verne . We are all full of weakness and errors; let us mutually pardon each other our follies-dd- Voltaire . The only failures are those who fail to try-dd- Lester B-dd- Pearson (Nobel Peace Prize 1957) . Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall-dd- Oliver Goldsmith . Failure is success if we learn from it-dd- Malcolm Forbes . The best way out is always through-dd- Robert Frost . There is no failure-dd- Only feedback-dd- Robert Allen . Without failure there is no achievement-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . The cost of failure is…learning-dd- Neil Strauss . You always pass failure on the way to success-dd- Mickey Rooney . To err is human, to forgive, divine-dd- Alexander Pope . Apprentice yourself in failure-dd- Robert Greene . It’s not failure, it’s unfinished success-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Attitude is the essence of failure or success-dd- Unknown . Key to failure: Trying to please everyone-dd- Unknown . Failure open doors to new opportunities-dd- Unknown . The bigger the failure, the greater the lesson-dd- Unknown . Tough situations build strong people-dd- Unknown . No man is a failure who is enjoying life-dd- William Feather . My reputation grows with every failure-dd- George Bernard Shaw . The phoenix must burn to emerge-dd- Janet Finch . No garden is without its weeds-dd- Thomas Fuller . You make mistakes-dd- Mistakes don’t make you-dd- Maxwell Maltz . Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street-dd- Zig Ziglar . Not failure, but low aim, is a crime-dd- James Russell Lowell . Failure either ruins you or turns you into the man you can become-dd- Tucker Max . It doesn’t matter how many times you have failed, you only have to be right once-dd- Mark Cuban . Forget the mistakes of the past and press on to the greater achievements of the future-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . You build on failure-dd- You use it as a steppingstone-dd- Close the door on the past-dd- You don’t try to forget the mistakes, but you don’t dwell on it-dd- You don’t let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space-dd- Johnny Cash . Do the one thing you think you cannot do-dd- Fail at it-dd- Try again-dd- Do better the second time-dd- The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire-dd- Oprah Winfrey . It’s only when you risk failure that you discover things-dd- When you play it safe, you’re not expressing the utmost of your human experience-dd- Lupita Nyong’o . Everything negative – pressure, challenges – is all an opportunity for me to rise-dd- Kobe Bryant . If you fell down yesterday, stand up today-dd- H-dd- G-dd- Wells . Our greatest weakness lies in giving up-dd- The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated-dd- In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it-dd- Maya Angelou . You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try-dd- Beverly Sills . Love the moment-dd- Flowers grow out of dark moments-dd- Therefore, each moment is vital-dd- It affects the whole-dd- Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed-dd- Corita Kent . If you aren’t making mistakes, you aren’t taking enough risks-dd- Debbie Millman . A hundred failures would not matter, when one single success could change the destiny of the world-dd- Arthur C-dd- Clarke . Failure doesn’t kill you… it increases your desire to make something happen-dd- Kevin Costner . There is no failure unless one stops-dd- Not to work is to cease, tighten up, become nervous and therefore destructive of the creative process-dd- Ray Bradbury . Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed on an equal or greater benefit-dd- Napoleon Hill . The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won’t-dd- It’s whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere-dd- Barack Obama . No matter what one does, regardless of failure or success, the experience is a form of success in itself-dd- Jack Ma (alibaba-dd-com) . Embrace failure-dd- Never never quit-dd- Get very comfortable with that uneasy feeling of going against the grain and trying something new-dd- Terry Crews . I think you have to try and fail, because failure gets you closer to what you’re good at-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . Your dream doesn’t have an expiration date-dd- Take a deep breath and try again-dd- Unknown . Success is often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable-dd- Coco Chanel . It is very important to embrace failure and to do a lot of stuff — as much stuff as possible — with as little fear as possible-dd- Stefan Sagmeister . It’s much, much better to wind up with a lot of crap having tried it than to overthink in the beginning and not do it-dd- Stefan Sagmeister . Failure changes for the better, success for the worse-dd- Seneca . If at first you don’t succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried-dd- Steven Wright . I didn’t fail the test, I just found 100 ways to do it wrong-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Even the worst shit that happens to you can be converted into gold if you are clever enough-dd- Robert Greene . Failure is a bruise, not a tattoo-dd- Jon Sinclair . An architect’s most useful tools are an eraser at the drafting board, and a wrecking bar at the site-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . Ever meet someone who’s always had everything work out for them with zero struggle-qq- They usually have the depth of a puddle-dd- Or they don’t exist-dd- Chris Hardwick . The only time you don’t fail is the last time you try anything – and it works-dd- William Strong . There is nothing in the world so easy to explain as failure — it is, after all, what everybody does all the time-dd- Susanna Clarke . Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure-dd- George Eliot . Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor-dd- Truman Capote . The real embarrassing issue about failure is your own acknowledgement that you’re not a genius, that you’re not as good as you thought you were-dd- […] There’s only one solution: You must embrace failure-dd- Milton Glaser . Get a bike that’s as low to the ground as you can find, put on elbow and knee pads so you’re not afraid of falling, and go-dd- Andrew Stanton . Never be afraid to try something new-dd- Remember, amateurs built the ark; professionals built the Titanic-dd- Unknown . Maybe I’m lucky to be going so slowly, because I may be going in the wrong direction-dd- Ashleigh Brilliant . If at first you don’t succeed, get a bigger hammer-dd- Alan Lewis . Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be-dd- John Wooden . We are all failures – at least the best of us are-dd- J-dd-M-dd- Barrie . Excuses are the nails used to build a house of failure-dd- Jim Rohn . What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do-dd- Tim Ferriss . I think perfection is ugly-dd- Somewhere in the things humans make, I want to see scars, failure, disorder, distortion-dd- Yohji Yamamoto . Life is a Tetris-dd- Do something good, it disappears immediately-dd- But mistakes, they accumulate themselves-dd- In the end everyone loses-dd- Alexandra Melo (More on that quote here) . Keep on beginning and failing-dd- Each time you fail, start all over again, and you will grow stronger until you have accomplished a purpose – not the one you began with perhaps, but one you’ll be glad to remember-dd- Anne Sullivan . Success or failure is caused more by mental attitude than by mental capacity-dd- Walter Scott . Your failure does not define you, your determination does-dd- Unknown . Those who truly fail in my eyes are the ones who never try at all-dd- The ones who sit on the couch and whine and moan and wait for the world to change for them-dd- Sarah Dessen . There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought-dd- Laurence J-dd- Peter . When you take risks you learn that there will be times when you succeed and there will be times when you fail, and both are equally important-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Such a simple concept, yet so true: that which we manifest is before us; we are the creators of our own destiny-dd- Be it through intention or ignorance, our successes and our failures have been brought on by none other than ourselves-dd- Garth Stein . A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms against himself-dd- He makes his failure certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it-dd- Alexander Dumas . It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all – in which case, you fail by default-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . Ultimately, we all have to decide for ourselves what constitutes failure-dd- But the world is quite eager to give you a set of criteria if you let it-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . It’s not easy, but if you accept your misfortune and handle it right, your perceived failure can become a catalyst for profound reinvention-dd- Conan O’Brien . The chief trick to making good mistakes is not to hide them — especially not from yourself-dd- Daniel Dennett . We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Mishaps are like knives, that either serve us or cut us, as we grasp them by the blade or the handle-dd- James Russell Lowell . Ninety-nine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses-dd- George Washington Carver . It is your own bad strategies, not the unfair opponent, that are to blame for your failures-dd- You are responsible for the good and bad in your life-dd- Robert Greene (The 33 Strategies of War) . Keep your head up in failure, and your head down in success-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . An action committed in anger, is an action doomed to failure-dd- Genghis Khan . What would you be glad you did – even if you failed-qq- Brené Brown . If you learn from defeat, you haven’t really lost-dd- Zig Ziglar . Experience is merely the name men gave to their mistakes-dd- Oscar Wilde . People who have the ability to fail in public under their own names actually gain a lot of power-dd- Naval Ravikant . It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final-dd- Roger Babson . Once we realize that imperfect understanding is the human condition there is no shame in being wrong, only in failing to correct our mistakes-dd- George Soros . We learn wisdom from failure much more than from success-dd- We often discover what will do, by finding out what will not do; and probably he who never made a mistake never made a discovery-dd- Samuel Smiles . Mistakes and failures are precisely your means of education-dd- They tell you about your own inadequacies-dd- Robert Greene . Blame is not for failure-dd- It is for failing to help or ask for help-dd- Jorgen Vig Knudstorp (Lego) . Failure is nothing more than learning how to win-dd- Robin Sharma . There’s meaning in every failure-dd- Find it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I’ve come to realize that all my past failures and frustrations were actually laying the foundation for the understanding that have created the new level of living I now enjoy-dd- Tony Robbins . You’ve got to experience failure to understand that you can survive it-dd- Tina Fey . Always remember that failure is an event, not a person-dd- Zig Ziglar . If I had to live my life again, I’d make the same mistakes, only sooner-dd- Tallulah Bankhead . Bad times have a scientific value-dd- These are occasions a good learner would not miss-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . With a hint of good judgment, to fear nothing, not failure or suffering or even death, indicates that you value life the most-dd- You live to the extreme; you push limits; you spend your time building legacies-dd- Those do not die-dd- Criss Jami . The trick is to take advantage of the particular details of the mess you’ve made, so that your next attempt will be informed by it and not just another blind stab in the dark-dd- Daniel Dennett . Part 1-dd- Happiness needs sadness-dd- Success needs failure-dd- Benevolence needs evil-dd- Love needs hatred-dd- Victory needs defeat-dd- Pleasure needs pain-dd- Philippos . Part 2-dd- You must experience and accept the extremes because if the contrast is lost, you lose appreciation; and when you lose appreciation you lose the value of everything-dd- Philippos . There is no disgrace in honest failure; there is disgrace in fearing to fail-dd- What is past is useful only as it suggests ways and means for progress-dd- Henry Ford (More on this quote here) . If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again-dd- Then quit-dd- There’s no point in being a damn fool about it-dd- W-dd- C-dd- Fields . To fail is to give up-dd- But you are in the midst of a moving process-dd- Nothing fails then-dd- All goes on-dd- Work is done-dd- If good, you learn from it-dd- If bad, you learn even more-dd- Ray Bradbury . Mistakes aren’t a necessary evil-dd- They aren’t evil at all-dd- They are an inevitable consequence of doing something new (and, as such, should be seen as valuable; without them, we’d have no originality)-dd- Ed Catmull (Creativity, Inc-dd-) . If you aren’t experiencing failure, then you are making a far worse mistake: You are being driven by the desire to avoid it-dd- Ed Catmull . The attempt to avoid failure makes failure more likely-dd- Ed Catmull . Mistakes are proof that you are trying-dd- Unknown . Age wrinkles the body-dd- Quitting wrinkles the soul-dd- Douglas MacArthur . There are no failures, just experiences and your reactions to them-dd- Tom Krause . Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again-dd- Richard Branson . Truth is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity and stumble from defeat to defeat-dd- Anais Nin . Being defeated is often a temporary condition-dd- Giving up is what makes it permanent-dd- Marilyn Vos Savant . You may have a fresh start any moment you choose, for this thing that we call ‘failure’ is not the falling down, but the staying down-dd- Mary Pickford . The difference between average people and achieving people is their perception of and response to failure-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . If you want something you can have it, but only if you want everything that goes with it, including all the hard work and the despair, and only if you’re willing to risk failure-dd- Philip Pullman . Failure does not mean that you’ll never get what you want, sometimes failure means that you have to fight harder for something better-dd- Unknown . Good people are good because they’ve come to wisdom through failure-dd- We get very little wisdom from success, you know-dd- William Saroyan . How we deal with tragedy defines who we are-dd- I used to be terrible at it-dd- Beyond terrible-dd- You are not going to let this deflate you-dd- You are going to pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and we will figure out what the next step is-dd- Chris Traeger . Failure is a state of mind-dd- It’s like one of those sand traps an ant lion digs-dd- You keep sliding back-dd- Takes one hell of a jump to get out of it-dd- John Steinbeck . I thank God for my failures-dd- Maybe not at the time but after some reflection-dd- Dolly Parton . Failure at some point in your life is inevitable, but giving up is unforgivable-dd- Joe Biden . What is the point of being alive if you don’t at least try to do something remarkable-qq- John Green . Giving up is the only sure way to fail-dd- Gena Showalter . You’ve got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing-dd- Arthur Ashe . Our business in life is not to succeed, but to continue to fail in good spirits-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . Failures, repeated failures, are finger posts on the road to achievement-dd- One fails forward toward success-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Develop success from failures-dd- Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success-dd- Dale Carnegie . The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail-dd- Napoleon Hill . I feel there’s an existential angst among young people-dd- I didn’t have that-dd- They see enormous mountains, where I only saw one little hill to climb-dd- Sergey Brin (Google) . If you don’t try at anything you can’t fail… it takes back bone to lead the life you want-dd- Richard Yates . You don’t have to hold yourself hostage to who you used to be-dd- Oprah Winfrey . It’s not how far you fall, but how high you bounce that counts-dd- Zig Ziglar . Failure is not a bug of learning, it’s the feature-dd- Rachel Simmons . Failure doesn’t mean you are a failure… it just means you haven’t succeeded yet-dd- Robert Schuller . Turn pain into progress-dd- To be wrong as fast as you can is to sign up for aggressive, rapid learning-dd- Ed Catmull . Just because you fail once doesn’t mean you’re gonna fail at everything-dd- Marilyn Monroe . If you are afraid to learn from your mistakes, you will more than likely keep repeating them-dd- Robert Greene . Learning to fail well means learning to understand your mistakes, because unless you know what went wrong, you may do the wrong things to correct it-dd- Megan McArdle (The Up Side of Down: Why Failing Well Is the Key to Success) . I don’t mind losing as long as I see improvement or I feel I’ve done as well as I possibly could-dd- Carol Dweck (Mindset: The New Psychology of Success) . Learning starts with failure; the first failure is the beginning of education-dd- John Hersey . Failure should be our teacher, not our undertaker-dd- Failure is delay, not defeat-dd- It is a temporary detour, not a dead end-dd- Failure is something we can avoid only by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing-dd- Denis Waitley . When you enter a mindset, you enter a new world-dd- In one world (the world of fixed traits) success is about proving you’re smart or talented-dd- Validating yourself-dd- In the other (the world of changing qualities) it’s about stretching yourself to learn something new-dd- Developing yourself-dd- Carol S-dd- Dweck (Mindset: The New Psychology of Success) . We pay a heavy price for our fear of failure-dd- It is a powerful obstacle to growth-dd- It assures the progressive narrowing of the personality and prevents exploration and experimentation-dd- John W-dd- Gardner . I think it’s important to have a good hard failure when you’re young-dd- I learned a lot out of that-dd- Because it makes you kind of aware of what can happen to you-dd- Because of it I’ve never had any fear in my whole life when we’ve been near collapse and all of that-dd- I’ve never been afraid-dd- I’ve never had the feeling I couldn’t walk out and get a job doing something-dd- Walt Disney . There is no learning without some difficulty and fumbling-dd- If you want to keep on learning, you must keep on risking failure — all your life-dd- It’s as simple as that-dd- John W-dd- Gardner . The men who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed-dd- Lloyd Jones . A word of encouragement during a failure is worth more than an hour of praise after success-dd- Unknown . The brick walls are there to give us a chance to show how badly we want something-dd- Because the brick walls are there to stop the people who don’t want it badly enough-dd- They’re there to stop the other people-dd- Randy Pausch (The Last Lecture, YouTube video) . The person who failed often knows how to avoid future failures-dd- The person who knows only success can be more oblivious to all the pitfalls-dd- Randy Pausch . When you’re down in the hole, when that moment comes, it’s really okay to feel bad for a little while — give yourself time to mourn what you think you may have lost — but, then, here’s the key: Learn from every mistake-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Every experience, encounter, and particularly your mistakes are there to teach you and force you into being more of who you are-dd- Oprah Winfrey . No matter what challenges or setbacks or disappointments you may encounter along the way, you will find true success and happiness if you have only one goal — there really is only one, and that is this: To fulfill the highest, most truthful expression of yourself as a human being-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Never let success get to your head and never let failure get to your heart-dd- Ziad Abdelnour . Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble-dd- Shah Rukh Khan . The heart will break, but broken live on-dd- Lord Byron . No worldly success can compensate for failure in the home-dd- David O-dd- McKay . You got to go down a lot of wrong roads to find the right one-dd- Bob Parsons . Yes, I am imperfect and vulnerable and sometimes afraid, but that doesn’t change the truth that I am brave and worthy of love and belonging-dd- Brené Brown . I must be taken as I have been made-dd- The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me-dd- Charles Dickens . You will have to rise up and say, “I don’t care how hard this is, I don’t care how disappointed I am, I’m not going to let this get the best of me-dd- I’m moving on with my life”-dd- Joel Osteen . “Trying” is the biggest mistake you can make early on in a relationship-dd- It sets a false expectation that you will eventually tire of-dd- Naval Ravikant . The hottest love has the coldest end-dd- Socrates . Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of a little water-dd- Christopher Morley . You need to have faith in yourself-dd- Be brave and take risks-dd- You don’t have to have it all figured out to move forward-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Time heals griefs and quarrels, for we change and are no longer the same persons-dd- Neither the offender nor the offended are any more themselves-dd- Blaise Pascal . I’m not crying because of you; you’re not worth it-dd- I’m crying because my delusion of who you were was shattered by the truth of who you are-dd- Steve Maraboli . Ever has it been that loves knows not its own death until the hour of separation-dd- Khalil Gibran . Sometimes when things are falling apart, they may actually be falling into place-dd- J-dd- Lynn . Most things break, including hearts-dd- The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus-dd- Wallace Stegner . One makes mistakes; that is life-dd- But it is never a mistake to have loved-dd- Romain Rolland . Don’t brood-dd- Get on with living and loving-dd- You don’t have forever-dd- Leo Buscaglia . If you want to increase your success rate, double your failure rate-dd- Thomas J-dd- Watson . My best successes came on the heels of failures-dd- Barbara Concoran . It’s failure that gives you the proper perspective on success-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . Success is not built on success-dd- It’s built on failure-dd- It’s built on frustration-dd- Sometimes its built on catastrophe-dd- Sumner Redstone . People settle-dd- They settle for less than they are capable of-dd- Seth Godin (The Dip) . Quit or be exceptional-dd- Average is for losers-dd- Seth Godin (The Dip) . A little more persistence a little more effort and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success-dd- Elbert Hubbard . You can measure your worth by your dedication to your path, not by your successes or failures-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic . I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate-dd- George Burns . I’m not going to get somewhere and say, ‘OK, I’m done-dd-’ Success is never final; I’ll just keep on going-dd- The same way as failure never being fatal-dd- Just keep going-dd- I’m going to the stars and then past them-dd- Conor McGregor . In my experience, each failure contains the seeds of your next success – if you are willing to learn from it-dd- Paul Allen . The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one-dd- Elbert Hubbard . The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same-dd- Colin R-dd- Davis . When all is said and done, success without happiness is the worst kind of failure-dd- Louis Binstock . It is a mistake to suppose that people succeed through success; they often succeed through failures-dd- Unknown . The only real failure is the failure to try, and the measure of success is how we cope with disappointment-dd- Deborah Moggach . Success breeds complacency-dd- Complacency breeds failure-dd- Only the paranoid survive-dd- Andy Grove . There are no secrets to success: don’t waste time looking for them-dd- Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty to those for whom you work, and persistence-dd- Colin Powell . Even those who venture to dip a toe in the pond of risk never allow themselves to get used to the water-dd- David Viscott . Like success, failure is many things to many people-dd- With positive mental attitude, failure is a learning experience, a rung on the ladder, and a plateau at which to get your thoughts in order to prepare to try again-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . Part 1-dd- I will persist until I succeed-dd- I was not delivered unto this world in defeat, nor does failure course in my veins-dd- I am not a sheep waiting to be prodded by my shepherd-dd- Og Mandino . Part 2-dd- I am I lion and I refuse to talk, to walk, to sleep with the sheep-dd- I will not hear those that weep and complain for their disease is contagious-dd- Let them join the sheep-dd- The slaughterhouse of failure is not in my destiny-dd- Og Mandino . Nothing fails like success because we don’t learn from it-dd- We learn only from failure-dd- Kenneth Boudling . It doesn’t matter how far you might rise — at some point, you are bound to stumble-dd- Because if you’re constantly doing what we do — raising the bar — if you’re constantly pushing yourself higher, higher, the law of averages predicts that you will, at some point, fall-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Remember this: There is no such thing as failure — failure is just life trying to move us in another direction-dd- Oprah Winfrey . When we give ourselves permission to fail, we, at the same time, give ourselves permission to excel-dd- Eloise Ristad . There are defeats more triumphant than victories-dd- Michel de Montaigne . What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything-qq- Vincent Van Gogh . There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure-dd- Paulo Coelho . Face failure head on, don’t be afraid of it, and people will support and welcome you even more-dd- Richard Branson . I don’t want the fear of failure to stop me from doing what I really care about-dd- Emma Watson . Defeat is not the worst of failures-dd- Not to have tried is the true failure-dd- George Woodberry . If you’re waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you’ll never make it-dd- Criss Jami . Failure is part of the process of success-dd- People who avoid failure also avoid success-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . But instead of spending our lives running towards our dreams, we are often running away from a fear of failure or a fear of criticism-dd- Eric Wright . Part 1-dd- I must say a word about fear-dd- It is life’s only true opponent-dd- Only fear can defeat life-dd- It is a clever, treacherous adversary, how well I know-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . Part 2-dd- It has no decency, respects no law or convention, shows no mercy-dd- It goes for your weakest spot, which it finds with unnerving ease-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . Part 3-dd- It begins in your mind, always… so you must fight hard to express it-dd- You must fight hard to shine the light of words upon it-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . Part 4-dd- Because if you don’t, if your fear becomes a wordless darkness that you avoid, perhaps even manage to forget, you open yourself to further attacks of fear because you never truly fought the opponent who defeated you-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . There is no growth or success without change-dd- Ed Catmull . The only real stumbling block is fear of failure-dd- In cooking you’ve got to have a ‘What the hell-qq-’ attitude-dd- Julia Child . You must always be prepared to place a bet on yourself, on your future, by heading in a direction that others seem to fear-dd- Robert Greene . Why waste time proving over and over how great you are, when you could be getting better-qq- Carol S-dd- Dweck (Mindset: The New Psychology Of Success) . Fear of failure is not sufficient justification for not pursuing what you want to do-dd- Ryan Normandin . Don’t wait for things to be perfect before you share them with others-dd- Show early and show often-dd- It’ll be pretty when we get there, but it won’t be pretty along the way-dd- Ed Catmull (Creativity, Inc-dd-) . When it comes to creative endeavors, the concept of zero failures is worse than useless-dd- It’s counterproductive-dd- Ed Catmull . Work finally begins when the fear of doing nothing exceeds the fear of doing it badly-dd- Alain de Botton . Don’t worry about failure – you only have to be right once-dd- Drew Houston (Dropbox) . Failure and invention are inseparable twins-dd- Jeff Bezos (Amazon) . We don’t have to do all of it alone-dd- We were never meant to-dd- Brené Brown (Rising Strong) . You gotta act-dd- And you gotta be willing to fail… if you’re afraid of failing, you won’t get very far-dd- Steve Jobs . If you’re not failing every now and again, it’s a sign you’re not doing anything very innovative-dd- Woody Allen . Most competitors quit long before they’ve created something that makes it to the top-dd- Seth Godin (The Dip) . Short term pain has more impact on most people than long-term benefits do, which is why it’s so important for you to amplify the long-term benefits of not quitting-dd- Seth Godin (The Dip) . In a crowded marketplace, fitting in is a failure-dd- In a busy marketplace, not standing out is the same as being invisible-dd- Seth Godin . Failure is an option here-dd- If things are not failing, you are not innovating enough-dd- Elon Musk (Tesla) . The only risk of failure is promotion-dd- Scott Adams (Dilbert) . You must have long term goals to keep you from being frustrated by short term failures-dd- Charles C-dd- Noble . We don’t need to celebrate failure-dd- We do need to make it safe to admit failure – that’s how we learn from mistakes-dd- Adam Grant . Failure doesn’t define you-dd- It’s what you do after you fail that determines whether you are a leader or a waste of perfectly good air-dd- Sabaa Tahir . Failure saves lives-dd- In the airline industry, every time a plane crashes the probability of the next crash is lowered by that-dd- The Titanic saved lives because we’re building bigger and bigger ships-dd- So these people died, but we have effectively improved the safety of the system, and nothing failed in vain-dd- Nassim Nicholas Talib . People need to feel safe experimenting, failing and speaking up when they see problems […] it starts with leadership being vulnerable enough to own up to failures and be open with their weaknesses-dd- Amanda Wood . I’m not the first to say that failure, when approached properly, can be an opportunity for growth-dd- Ed Catmull (Creativity, Inc-dd-) . In a fear-based, failure-averse culture, people will consciously or unconsciously avoid risk-dd- They will seek instead to repeat something safe that’s been good enough in the past-dd- Their work will be derivative, not innovative-dd- But if you can foster a positive understanding of failure, the opposite will happen-dd- Ed Catmull . People driven by a pursuit that puts them on the edges are often not on the periphery, but on the frontier, testing the limits of what it is possible to withstand and discover-dd- Sarah Lewis . If you’re not prepared to be wrong, you’ll never come up with anything original-dd- Ken Robinson . Any being, any agent, who can truly say, “Well, it seemed like a good idea at the time-xx-” is standing on the threshold of brilliance-dd- Daniel Dennett . We need to accept that we won’t always make the right decisions, that we’ll screw up royally sometimes—understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success-dd- Arianna Huffington . I have always been pushed by the negative-dd- The apparent failure of a play sends me back to my typewriter that very night, before the reviews are out-dd- I am more compelled to get back to work than if I had a success-dd- Tennessee Williams . You want to create a space in which people feel safe to think outside the box, test new approaches, and yes, even fail-dd- officevibe-dd-com . It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success-dd- Havelock Ellis . I don’t understand a way to work other than bold-facedly running towards failure-dd- Cate Blanchett . Don’t bury your failures, let them inspire you-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Sometimes it takes a wrong turn to get you to the right place-dd- Mandy Hale . The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing-dd- Henry Ford . Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . A failure doesn’t mean you are unworthy, nor does it preclude success on the next try-dd- Leonard Mlodinow . Failure always brings something valuable with it-dd- I don’t let it leave until I extract that value-dd- Scott Adams (How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big: Kind of the Story of My Life) . Sorrow, disappointment, failure – learn from them-dd- Then let them go-dd- Unknown . Never walk away from failure-dd- On the contrary, study it carefully and imaginatively for its hidden assets-dd- Michael Korda . You must cut yourself loose from the past and open your eyes to the present-dd- Robert Greene (The 33 Strategies of War) . Once the ego inflates it will only come back to earth through some jarring failure-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . Failure is instructive-dd- The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes-dd- John Dewey . Talk about your failures without apologizing-dd- Brené Brown . Some of the best lessons we ever learn we learn from our mistakes and failures-dd- The error of the past is the wisdom of the future-dd- Tryon Edwards . Pain is the not the only way to learn a lesson, but it is the surest way to never forget one-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Failures can be seen as information or they can be seen as a threat to your sense of self-dd- Embracing the former definition will help you learn and improve-dd- Succumbing to the latter will make you timid and resentful-dd- The Stoic Emperor . All men make mistakes, but a good man yields when he knows his course is wrong, and repairs the evil-dd- The only crime is pride-dd- Sophocles . No human ever became interesting by not failing-dd- The more you fail and recover and improve, the better you are as a person-dd- Chris Hardwick . Human beings are the only creatures who are allowed to fail-dd- If an ant fails, it’s dead-dd- But we’re allowed to learn from our mistakes and from our failures-dd- And that’s how I learn, by falling flat on my face and picking myself up and starting all over again-dd- Madeleine L’Engle . Failure is enriching-dd- It’s also important to accept that you’ll make mistakes — it’s how you build your expertise-dd- The trick is to learn a positive lesson from all of life’s negative moments-dd- Alain Ducasse . The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried-dd- Stephen McCranie . When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal-dd- Napoleon Hill . Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it-dd- George Santayana . Failure is painful, and our feelings about this pain tend to screw up our understanding of its worth-dd- To disentangle the good and the bad parts of failure, we have to recognize both the reality of the pain and the benefit of the resulting growth-dd- Ed Catcull (Creativity, Inc-dd-) . Being open about problems is the first step toward learning from them… We must think of the cost of failure as an investment in the future-dd- Ed Catmull (Creativity, Inc-dd-) . You are not your idea, and if you identify too closely with your ideas, you will take offense when they are challenged-dd- Ed Catmull . When you make a mistake, you should learn to take a deep breath, grit your teeth, and then examine your own recollections of the mistake as ruthlessly and as dispassionately as you can manage-dd- Daniel Dennett . Try to acquire the weird practice of savoring your mistakes, delighting in uncovering the strange quirks that led you astray-dd- Daniel Dennett . Sometimes people let the same problem make them miserable for years when they could just say “so what”-dd- That’s one of my favorite things to say: “So what”-dd- Andy Warhol . Every time they told me “no”, I just got stronger-dd- Lady Gaga . Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure-dd- Napoleon Hill . 