An ounce of blood is worth more than a pound of friendship-dd- Spanish proverb . You don’t choose your family-dd- They are god’s gift to you, as you are to them-dd- Desmond Tutu . As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live-dd- Pope John Paul II . The more you’re loving and understanding, the more your kids will sing-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I have learned that to be with those I like is enough-dd- Walt Whitman n . A man can’t make a place for himself in the sun if he keeps taking refuge under the family tree-dd- Helen Keller . Treat your family like friends and your friends like family-dd- Unknown . It is a wise father that knows his own child-dd- William Shakespeare . The greatest gifts you can give your children are the roots of responsibility and the wings of independence-dd- Denis Waitley . A happy family is but an earlier heaven-dd- George Bernard Shaw . What divides us pales in comparison to what unites us-dd- Ted Kennedy . What greater thing is there for human souls than to feel that they are joined for life – to be with each other in silent unspeakable memories-dd- George Eliot . I don’t know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family-dd- Anthony Brandt . A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it-dd- George A Moore . I think our job as parents is to give our kids roots to grow and wings to fly-dd- Deborah Norville . The family is the test of freedom; because the family is the only thing that the free man makes for himself and by himself-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . Live so that when your children think of fairness, caring, and integrity, they think of you-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr . Your greatest contribution may not be something you do but someone you raise-dd- Unknown . I don’t know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know what his grandson will be-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Govern a family as you would cook a small fish – very gently-dd- Chinese proverb . Everyone needs a house to live in, but a supportive family is what builds a home-dd- Anthony Liccione . To put the world right in order, we must first put the nation in order; to put the nation in order, we must first put the family in order; to put the family in order, we must first cultivate our personal life; we must first set our hearts right-dd- Confucius . Think of your family today and every day thereafter, don’t let the busy world of today keep you from showing how much you love and appreciate your family-dd- Josiah . Your parents miss you and wish you’d call-dd- Later you’ll miss them and wish you could-dd- Paul Graham . Many men can make a fortune but very few can build a family-dd- J-dd-S-dd- Bryan . There is no doubt that it is around the family and the home that all the greatest virtues, the most dominating virtues of human, are created, strengthened and maintained-dd- Winston Churchill . If we are peaceful, if we are happy, we can smile, and everyone in our family, our entire society, will benefit from our peace-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . The greatest legacy one can pass on to one’s children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one’s life, but rather a legacy of character and faith-dd- Billy Graham . The only rock I know that stays steady, the only institution I know that works, is the family-dd- Lee Iacocca . Your children need your presence more than your presents-dd- Jesse Jackson (This is one of my favorite family quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Family isn’t an important thing-dd- It’s everything-dd- Michael J-dd- Fox . The family is one of nature’s masterpieces-dd- George Santayana . My wife has been my closest friend, my closest advisor-dd- And she’s not somebody who looks to the limelight, or even is wild about me being in politics-dd- And that’s a good reality check on me-dd- When I go home, she wants me to be a good father and a good husband-dd- And everything else is secondary to that-dd- Barack Obama . The happiest moments of my life have been the few which I have passed at home in the bosom of my family-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Poor folks have neither any kindred nor any friends-dd- Italian proverb . Rejoice with your family in the beautiful land of life-dd- Albert Einstein . After a good dinner one can forgive anybody, even one’s own relations-dd- Oscar Wilde . With all my fans I got a family again-dd- Tupac Shakur . A family can develop only with a loving woman as its center-dd- Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel . If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Family is the most important thing in the world-dd- Princess Diana . A man should never neglect his family for business-dd- Walt Disney . The most important thing in the world is family and love-dd- John Wooden . As a child, the family that I had and the love I had from my two parents allowed me to go ahead and be more aggressive, to search and to take risks knowing that, if I failed, I could always come home to a family of love and support-dd- Tiger Woods . I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Families is where our nation finds hope, where wings take dream-dd- George W-dd- Bush . Like all the best families, we have our share of eccentricities, of impetuous and wayward youngsters and of family disagreements-dd- Queen Elizabeth II . Children are the anchors that hold a mother to life-dd- Sophocles . The family is the first essential cell of human society-dd- Pope John XXIII . Family makes a house a home-dd- Jennifer Hudson . Family-dd- Where life begins and love never ends-dd- Unknown . Family-dd- A little bit of crazy, a little bit of loud and a whole lot of love-dd- Unknown . In time of test, family is best-dd- Burmese proverb . Family-dd- Being loved no matter what-dd- Unknown . When we have each other, we have everything-dd- Unknown . Together is my favorite place to be-dd- Unknown . The love of family is life’s greatest blessing-dd- Unknown . Home is where your story begins-dd- Unknown . Blood makes you related-dd- Loyalty makes you family-dd- Unknown . Find your tribe-dd- Love them hard-dd- Unknown . When you love what you have, you have everything you need-dd- Unknown . Families are like branches on a tree – we grow in different directions yet our roots remain as one-dd- Unknown . There is no job more important than parenting-dd- This I believe-dd- Ben Carson . Children learn to smile from their parents-dd- Shinichi Suzuki . Home is the nicest word there is-dd- Laura Ingalls Wilder . Home is where your story beings-dd- Unknown . In every conceivable manner, the family is link to our past, bridge to our future-dd- Alex Haley . I’ve learned through the years that it’s not where you live, it’s the people who surround you that make you feel at home-dd- J-dd-B-dd- McGee . Home should be an anchor, a port in a storm, a refuge, a happy place in which to dwell, a place where we are loved and where we can love-dd- Marvin J-dd- Ashton . Never let anyone tell you that you can’t; show them that you can-dd- Gloria Mallette . I love people-dd- I love my family, my children… but inside myself is a place where I live all alone and that’s where you renew your springs that never dry up-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . To nourish children and raise them against odds is in any time, any place, more valuable than to fix bolts in cars or design nuclear weapons-dd- Marilyn French . My life and the life of my family has to do with exploration, with adventure-dd- My grandfather was the first man in the stratosphere, and my father was the first to touch the deepest point in the ocean… For me, adventure and exploration is something in the blood-dd- Bertrand Piccard . Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children-dd- Charles R-dd- Swindoll . Perhaps the greatest social service that can be rendered by anybody to this country and to mankind is to bring up a family-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Families are the tie that reminds us of yesterday, provide strength and support today, and give us hope for tomorrow-dd- No government, no matter how well-intentioned, or well-managed, can provide what our families provide-dd- Bill Owens . A baby is God’s opinion that the world should go on-dd- Carl Sandburg . There is no doubt that it is around the family and the home that all the greatest virtues, the most dominating virtues of human society, are created, strengthened and maintained-dd- Winston Churchill . If you want to see mankind fully, look at a family-dd- Within the family minds become organically one, and for this reason the family is total poetry-dd- Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel . I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a father’s protection-dd- Sigmund Freud . You leave home to seek your fortune and, when you get it, you go home and share it with your family-dd- Anita Baker . I’m inspired by the love people have for their children-dd- And I’m inspired by my own children, how full they make my heart-dd- They make me want to work to make the world a little bit better-dd- And they make me want to be a better man-dd- Barack Obama . Knowledge is power-dd- Information is liberating-dd- Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family-dd- Kofi Annan . I believe the world is one big family, and we need to help each other-dd- Jet Li . Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . Let me love you a little more before you’re not little anymore-dd- Unknown . You are my sun, my moon and all of my stars-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . Rich or poor, we will keep together and be happy in one another-dd- Louisa May Alcott . How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard-dd- Winnie The Pooh . The soul is healed by being with children-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . Traveling in the company of those we love is home in motion-dd- Leigh Hunt . There is always a reason to smile-dd- Find it-dd- Unknown . The voice of parents is the voice of gods, for to their children they are heaven’s lieutenants-dd- William Shakespeare . If you go anywhere, even paradise, you will miss your home-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Always kiss your children goodnight, even if they’re already asleep-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr . Children are the keys of paradise-dd- Eric Hoffer . I believe in large families: every woman should have at least three husbands-dd- Zsa Zsa Gabor . There is no cure for laziness but a large family helps-dd- Herbert Prochnov . The capacity for friendship is God’s way of apologizing for our families-dd- Jay McInerney . The place of the father in the modern suburban family is a very small one, particularly if he plays golf-dd- Bertrand Russell . Parents are like God because you wanna know they’re out there, and you want them to think well of you, but you really only call when you need something-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . When your mother asks, “Do you want a piece of advice-qq-” it’s a mere formality-dd- It doesn’t matter if you answer yes or no-dd- You’re going to get it anyway-dd- Erma Bombeck . A two-year old is kind of like a blender, but you don’t have any top for it-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . Siblings: children of the same parents, each of whom is perfectly normal until they get together-dd- Sam Levenson . Family: A social unit where the father is concerned with parking space, the children with outer space, and the mother with closet space-dd- Evan Esar . I’m so thankful I had a childhood before technology took over-dd- Unknown . Important families are like potatoes-dd- The best parts are underground-dd- Francis Bacon . I think all of us are always five years old in the presence and absence of our parents-dd- Sherman Alexie . Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city-dd- George Burns . Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them-dd- P-dd- J-dd- O’Rourke . I wanted to be the moron of the family, because morons seemed to have more fun, more freedom and more personality-dd- Alice Sebold . Fuck it… That’s really the attitude that keeps a family together, it’s not “we love each other”, it’s just “fuck it, man-dd- Louis C-dd-K-dd- . Spend some time this weekend on home improvement; improve your attitude toward your family-dd- Bo Bennett . Families are like fudge – mostly sweet with a few nuts-dd- Unknown . Parents were invented to make children happy by giving them something to ignore-dd- Ogden Nash . Family is the one thing that is definitely not disposable-dd- Jenny Eclair . There is no such thing as fun for the whole family-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . We’ve had bad luck with our kids – they’ve all grown up-dd- Christopher Morley . Maybe it’s just a daughter’s job to piss off her mother-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . I come from a family where gravy is considered a beverage-dd- Erma Bombeck . That’s the best thing about little sisters: They spend so much time wishing they were elder sisters that in the end they’re far wiser than the elder ones could ever be-dd- Gemma Burgess . Friends are God’s way of apologizing for your family-dd- Wayne Dyer . Never have more children than you have car windows-dd- Erma Bombeck . The family is the nucleus of civilization-dd- Will Durant . Where the roots are deep, there is no reason to fear the wind-dd- Unknown . Home is not a place, it’s a feeling-dd- Unknown . No matter what you’ve done for yourself or for humanity, if you can’t look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished-qq- Lee Iacocca . You can’t go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Having somewhere to go is home-dd- Having someone to love is family-dd- Having both is a blessing-dd- Donna Hedges . He that raises a large family does, indeed, while he lives to observe them, stand a broader mark for sorrow; but then he stands a broader mark for pleasure too-dd- Benjamin Franklin . It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men-dd- Frederick Douglass . All family life is organized around the most damaged person in it-dd- Sigmund Freud . Few men have been admired of their familiars-dd- Michel de Montaigne . There is little less trouble in governing a private family than a whole kingdom-dd- Michel de Montaigne . We must take care of our families wherever we find them-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . Familiarity breeds contempt-dd- Publilius Syrus . The reason grandparents and grandchildren get along so well is that they have a common enemy-dd- Sam Levenson . Don’t you dare take the lazy way-dd- It’s too easy to excuse yourself because of your ancestry-dd- Don’t let me catch you doing it-xx- Now, look close at me so you will remember-dd- Whatever you do, it will be you who do-dd- John Steinbeck . The informality of family life is a blessed condition that allows us all to become our best while looking our worst-dd- Marge Kennedy . He that hath a wife and children hath given hostages to fortune-dd- Francis Bacon (There are plenty of evidences that this is not true) . Home isn’t where you’re from, it’s where you find light when all grows dark-dd- Pierce Brown . Education, like neurosis, begins at home-dd- Milton Sapirstein . All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way-dd- Leo Tolstoy . The kitchen is the heart of every home, for the most part-dd- It evokes memories of your family history-dd- Debi Mazar . Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold-dd- Andre Maurois . Mother is a verb-dd- It’s something you do-dd- Not just who you are-dd- Cheryl Lacey Donovan . Later, when you’re grown up, you realize you never really get to hang out with your family-dd- You pretty much have only eighteen years to spend with them full time, and that’s it-dd- Mindy Kaling . It doesn’t matter where you’re going, it’s who you have beside you-dd- Unknown . Families with babies and families without babies are sorry for each other-dd- E-dd- W-dd- Howe . Home is where you are loved the most and act the worst-dd- Marjorie Pay Hinckley . Having children makes you no more a parent than having a piano makes you a pianist-dd- Michael Levine . You are born into your family and your family is born into you-dd- No returns-dd- No exchanges-dd- Elizabeth Berg . Home is people-dd- Not a place-dd- If you go back there after the people are gone, then all you can see is what is not there anymore-dd- Robin Hobb . While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about-dd- Angela Schwindt . Remember that children, marriages, and flower gardens reflect the kind of care they get-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr . If you as parents cut corners, your children will too-dd- If you lie, they will too-dd- If you spend all your money on yourselves and tithe no portion of it for charities, colleges, churches, synagogues, and civic causes, your children won’t either-dd- And if parents snicker at racial and gender jokes, another generation will pass on the poison adults still have not had the courage to snuff out-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it-dd- Harry S-dd- Truman . Let the wife make the husband glad to come home, and let him make her sorry to see him leave-dd- Martin Luther . A brother is like gold and a friend is like diamond-dd- If gold cracks you can melt it and make it just like it was before-dd- If a diamond cracks, it can never be like it was before-dd- Unknown . I can’t help detesting my relations-dd- I suppose it comes from the fact that none of us can stand other people having the same faults as ourselves-dd- Oscar Wilde . Soup is a lot like a family-dd- Each ingredient enhances the others; each batch has its own characteristics; and it needs time to simmer to reach full flavor-dd- Marge Kennedy . The most important thing that parents can teach their children is how to get along without them-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . None of us is as smart as all of us-dd- Ken H Blanchard . A house is built by hands, but a home is built by heart-dd- Unknown . The strength of a nation derives from the integrity of the home-dd- Confucius . Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk-dd- Carl Jung . I sustain myself with the love of family-dd- Maya Angelou . Love begins by taking care of the closest ones – the ones at home-dd- Mother Teresa . Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do… but how much love we put in that action-dd- Mother Teresa . When you love what you have, you have everything you need-dd- Unknown . In family life, love is the oil that eases friction, the cement that binds closer together, and the music that brings harmony-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . That’s what people do who love you-dd- They put their arms around you and love you when you’re not so lovable-dd- Deb Caletti . Parents were the only ones obligated to love you; from the rest of the world you had to earn it-dd- Ann Brashares . True love never dies, it only gets stronger with time-dd- Manny Pacquiao . The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . A family is a risky venture, because the greater the love, the greater the loss… That’s the trade-off-dd- But I’ll take it all-dd- Brad Pitt . On his kids: I care about them more than I care about myself, which I think is the real definition of love-dd- You see past yourself and become more generous and giving, and wanting only the best for your family-dd- Brad Pitt . Unconditional love is loving your kids for who they are, not for what they do… it isn’t something you will achieve every minute of every day-dd- But it is the thought we must hold in our hearts every day-dd- Stephanie Marston . At the end of the day, a loving family should find everything forgivable-dd- Mark V-dd- Olsen . A baby is born with a need to be loved – and never outgrows it-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . Making the decision to have a child – it’s momentous-dd- It is to decide forever to have your heart go walking outside your body-dd- Elizabeth Stone . Nothing you do for children is ever wasted-dd- They seem not to notice us, hovering, averting our eyes, and they seldom offer thanks, but what we do for them is never wasted-dd- Garrison Keillor . Where we love is home – home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr . My mom and dad gave their kids the greatest gift of all – the gift of unconditional love-dd- They cared deeply about who we would be, and much less about what we would do-dd- Mitt Romney . I love you – I am at rest with you – I have come home-dd- Dorothy L-dd- Sayers . No family is perfect… we argue, we fight-dd- We even stop talking to each other at times-dd- But in the end, family is family… The love will always be there-dd- Unknown . Before you were conceived, I wanted you-dd- Before you were born, I loved you-dd- Before you were an hour, I would die for you-dd- This is the miracle of love-dd- Maureen Hawkins . Nothing can bring a real sense of security into the home except true love-dd- Billy Graham . Love doesn’t make the world go ’round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Love is or it ain’t-dd- Thin love ain’t love at all-dd- Toni Morrison . Life doesn’t get more real than having a newborn at home-dd- Eric Church . I think togetherness is a very important ingredient to family life-dd- Barbara Bush . One day you will do things for me that you hate-dd- That is what it means to be family-dd- Jonathan Safran Foer . Family life is full of major and minor crises – the ups and downs of health, success and failure in career, marriage, and divorce – and all kinds of characters-dd- It is tied to places and events and histories-dd- With all of these felt details, life etches itself into memory and personality-dd- It’s difficult to imagine anything more nourishing to the soul-dd- Thomas Moore . There’s nothing that makes you more insane than family-dd- Or more happy-dd- Or more exasperated-dd- Or more… secure-dd- Jim Butcher . Learn to enjoy every minute of your life-dd- Be happy now-dd- Don’t wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future-dd- Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it’s at work or with your family-dd- Every minute should be enjoyed and savored-dd- Earl Nightingale . Family always gonna be there-dd- The material things, they come and go-dd- Romeo Miller . Becoming responsible adults is no longer a matter of whether children hang up there pajamas or put dirty towels in the hamper, but whether they care about themselves and others – and whether they see everyday chores as related to how we treat this planet-dd- Eda Leshan . Early rising is also essential to the good government of a family-dd- A late breakfast deranges the whole business of the day, and throws a portion of it on the next, which opens the door for confusion to enter-dd- Mary Randolph . Some of the most important conversations I’ve ever had occurred at my family’s dinner table-dd- Bob Ehrlich . In each family a story is playing itself out, and each family’s story embodies its hope and despair-dd- Auguste Napier . On his kids: I worry about them all the time-dd- That’s the emotional bond and responsibility that sweeps over you when you have a family to look after-dd- Brad Pitt . The great danger for family life, in the midst of any society whose idols are pleasure, comfort and independence, lies in the fact that people close their hearts and become selfish-dd- Pope John Paul II . Peace is the beauty of life-dd- It is sunshine-dd- It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family-dd- It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth-dd- Menachem Begin . When we understand the connection between how we live and how long we live, it’s easier to make different choices-dd- Instead of viewing the time we spend with friends and family as luxuries, we can see that these relationships are among the most powerful determinants of our well-being and survival-dd- Dean Ornish . Parents are the ultimate role models for children-dd- Every word, movement and action has an effect-dd- No other person or outside force has a greater influence on a child than the parent-dd- Bob Keeshan . You will never look back on life and think, “I spent too much time with my kids”-dd- Unknown . I don’t think quantity time is as special as quality time with your family-dd- Reba McEntire . Happiness is only real when shared-dd- Jon Krakauer . Happiness is being married to your best friend-dd- Manny Pacquiao . When you look at your life, the greatest happinesses are family happinesses-dd- Joyce Brothers . The happiest days of my youth were when my brother and I would run through the woods and feel quite safe-dd- Unknown . Happiness is seeing your mother smile-dd- Unknown . I really believe that a man and a woman together, raising a family, is the purest form of happiness we can experience-dd- Will Smith . He is happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Find joy in everything you choose to do-dd- Every job, relationship, home… it’s your responsibility to love it, or change it-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one’s family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one’s own mind-dd- If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him-dd- Buddha . My advice: Take a second out of the day to be thankful for your family-dd- Jenna Morasca . I believe that the greatest gift you can give your family and the world is a healthy you-dd- Joyce Meyer . To us, family means putting your arms around each other and being there-dd- Barbara Bush . I had a very supportive family environment that gave me room to explore and discover things about myself-dd- Brad Pitt . Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life-dd- It turns what we have into enough, and more-dd- It turns denial into acceptance, chaos to order, confusion to clarity-dd- It can turn a meal into a feast, a house into a home, a stranger into a friend-dd- Melody Beattie . Be grateful for the home you have, knowing that at this moment, all you have is all you need-dd- Sarah Ban Breathnach . The thrill of coming home has never changed-dd- Guy Pearce . My family is my strength and my weakness-dd- Aishwarya Rai Bachchan . The family is a heaven in a heartless world-dd- Bar Refaeli . Family is the people in your life who want you in theirs; the ones who accept you for who you are, love you no matter what & would do anything to see you smile-dd- SheaMoisture . Family is the most important institution in society-dd- Marco Rubio . Family is a gift that lasts forever-dd- Unknown . Family is more than blood and a name-dd- It’s the people who stood by you when you needed them, and who made you laugh when you felt like you couldn’t-dd- Unknown . Family is everything-dd- Family comes first-dd- It’s not what I expected it to be, but nothing ever is-dd- Madonna . Family… a group experience of love and support-dd- Marianne Williamson . Family is a unique gift that needs to be appreciated and treasured, even when they’re driving you crazy-dd- As much as they make you mad, interrupt you, annoy you, curse at you, try to control you, these are the people who know you the best and who love you-dd- Jenna Morasca . Family isn’t blood-dd- It’s the people who love you-dd- The people who have your back-dd- Cassandra Clare . Families are the compass that guides us-dd- They are the inspiration to reach great heights, and our comfort when we occasionally falter-dd- Brad Henry . The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s life-dd- Richard Bach . Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated, communication is open, and rules are flexible – the kind of atmosphere that is found in a nurturing family-dd- Virginia Satir . My dear young cousin, if there’s one thing I’ve learned over the eons, it’s that you can’t give up on your family, no matter how tempting they make it-dd- Rick Riordan . Nor need we power or splendor, wide hall or lordly dome; The good, the true, the tender – these form the wealth of home-dd- Sarah J-dd- Hale . It is not a bad thing that children should occasionally, and politely, put parents in their place-dd- Colette . What is home-qq- My favorite definition is “a safe place,” a place where one is free from attack, a place where one experiences secure relationships and affirmation-dd- It’s a place where people share and understand each other-dd- Its relationships are nurturing-dd- The people in it do not need to be perfect; instead, they need to be honest, loving, supportive, recognizing a common humanity that makes all of us vulnerable-dd- Gladys M-dd- Hunt . Home is the place where boys and girls first learn how to limit their wishes, abide by rules, and consider the rights and needs of others-dd- Sidonie Gruenberg . The most intriguing people you will encounter in this life are the people who had insights about you, that you didn’t know about yourself-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Respect is earned-dd- Honesty is appreciated-dd- Trust is gained-dd- Loyalty is returned-dd- Unknown . A child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone-dd- Billy Graham . I can’t be the big star in the family-dd- We have a family, and we are all equal-dd- Martina McBride . Writing is a solitary occupation-dd- Family, friends, and society are the natural enemies of the writer-dd- He must be alone, uninterrupted, and slightly savage if he is to sustain and complete an undertaking-dd- Jessamyn West . “Family” isn’t defined only by last names or by blood; it’s defined by commitment and by love-dd- It means showing up when they need it most-dd- It means having each other’s backs-dd- It means choosing to love each other even on those days when you struggle to like each other-dd- It means never giving up on each other-dd- davewillis-dd-org . Love your family-dd- Spend time, be kind & serve one another-dd- Make no room for regrets-dd- Tomorrow is not promised & today is short-dd- Unknown . I think our family motto is to always work hard, be humble, kind, and thoughtful about others around us-dd- Anwar Hadid . To maintain a joyful family requires much from both the parents and the children-dd- Each member of the family has to become, in a special way, the servant of the others-dd- Pope John Paul II . The ache for home lives in all of us, the safe place where we can go as we are and not be questioned-dd- Maya Angelou . Home is not where you live but where they understand you-dd- Christian Morgenstern . Friends are the family you choose-dd- Jess C-dd- Scott . The single most important factor in our long-term happiness is the relationships we have with our family and close friends-dd- Clayton Christensen . Going home and spending time with your family and your real friends keeps you grounded-dd- Jennifer Ellison . The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege-dd- Charles Kuralt . You know, my family and friends have never been yes-men: ‘Yes, you’re doing the right thing, you’re always right-dd-’ No, they tell me when I’m wrong, and that’s why I’ve been able to stay who I am and stay humble-dd- LeBron James . There are friends, there is family, and then there are friends that become family-dd- Unknown . Family members can be your best friends, you know-dd- And best friends, whether or not they are related to you, can be your family-dd- Trenton Lee Stewart . Cherish your human connections – your relationships with friends and family-dd- Barbara Bush . Family, friends, a good laugh and beautiful weather are the best cures-dd- Bar Refaeli . Family and friends and faith are the most important things in your life-dd- Barbara Bush . Like family, we are tied to each other-dd- This is what all good musicians understand-dd- Billy Joel . If you surround yourself with the good and righteous, they can only raise you up-dd- If you surround yourself with the others, they will drag you down into the doldrums of mediocrity, and they will keep you there, but only as long as you permit it-dd- Mark Glamack . It’s all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family-dd- Philip Green . Cherish your human connections: your relationships with friends and family-dd- Joseph Brodsky . You need a really solid foundation of friends and family to keep you where you need to be-dd- Lilly Singh . Family and friendships are two of the greatest facilitators of happiness-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Strangers are just family you have yet to come to know-dd- Mitch Albom . Sticking with your family is what makes it a family-dd- Mitch Albom . When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching – they are your family-dd- Jim Butcher . All those who are around me are the bridge to my success, so they are all important-dd- Manny Pacquiao . The family – that dear octopus from whose tentacies we never quite escape, nor, in our inmost hearts, ever quite wish to-dd- Dodie Smith . Let us make one point, that we meet each other with a smile, when it is difficult to smile-dd- Smile at each other, make time for each other in your family-dd- Mother Teresa . This is part of what a family is about, not just love-dd- It’s knowing that your family will be there watching out for you-dd- Nothing else will give you that-dd- Not money-dd- Not fame-dd- Not work-dd- Mitch Albom . And that’s where I’m finally at today – my life is about being with my family-dd- This is what’s important-dd- Aron Ralston . My sense of personal strength has always come from my family-dd- Benjamin Bratt . My family comes first-dd- Maybe that’s what makes me different from other guys-dd- Bobby Darin . Family: an anchor during rough waters-dd- Unknown . Tennis just a game, family is forever-dd- Serena Williams . Family’s first, and that’s what matters most-dd- We realize that our love goes deeper than the tennis game-dd- Serena Williams . Serbian history tells that the family is the most important thing and you have to stick with the family-dd- Novak Djokovic . Without a family, man, alone in the world, trembles with the cold-dd- Andre Maurois . A loving family provides the foundation children need to succeed, and strong families with a man and a woman – bonded together for life – always have been, and always will be, the key to such families-dd- Jim Bunning . Is this what family is like: the feeling that everyone’s connected, that with one piece missing, the whole thing’s broken-qq- Trenton Lee Stewart . Sister is probably the most competitive relationship within the family, but once the sisters are grown, it becomes the strongest relationship-dd- Margaret Mead . My friends and family are my support system-dd- They tell me what I need to hear, not what I want to hear and they are there for me in the good and bad times-dd- Without them I have no idea where I would be and I know that their love for me is what’s keeping my head above the water-dd- Kelly Clarkson . A real man loves his wife, and places his family as the most important thing in life-dd- Nothing has brought me more peace and content in life than simply being a good husband and father-dd- Frank Abagnale . Hugs can do great amounts of good – especially for children-dd- Princess Diana . The way you help heal the world is you start with your own family-dd- Mother Teresa . How do you rebel in a family of rebels-qq- Nicolas Cage . In some families, “please” is described as the magic word-dd- In our house, however, it was “sorry”-dd- Margaret Laurence . Our family is just a tent away from a full-blown circus-dd- Unknown . We are not “step”, we aren’t “half”, we’re just family-dd- Unknown . Families are messy-dd- Immortal families are eternally messy-dd- Sometimes the best we can do is to remind each other that we’re related for better or for worse-dd- Rick Riordan . There is no such thing as a “broken family-dd-” Family is family, and is not determined by marriage certificates, divorce papers, and adoption documents-dd- Families are made in the heart-dd- The only time family becomes null is when those ties in the heart are cut-dd- If you cut those ties, those people are not your family-dd- If you make those ties, those people are your family-dd- And if you hate those ties, those people will still be your family because whatever you hate will always be with you-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Call it a clan, call it a network, call it a tribe, call it a family: whatever you call it, whoever you are, you need one-dd- Jane Howard . No one’s family is normal-dd- Normalcy is a lie invented by advertising agencies to make the rest of us feel inferior-dd- Calire LaZebnik . Every family is dysfunctional, whether you want to admit it or not-dd- Shailene Woodley . Family isn’t something that’s supposed to be static, or set-dd- People marry in, divorce out-dd- They’re born, they die-dd- It’s always evolving, turning into something else-dd- Sarah Dessen . I’d be a liar if I said I had a normal family-dd- Edward Furlong . You call it chaos, we call it family-dd- Unknown . I mean, families are weird-dd- Gordon Ramsay . In every dispute between parent and child, both cannot be right, but they may be, and usually are, both wrong-dd- It is this situation which gives family life its peculiar hysterical charm-dd- Isaac Rosenfeld . People who come from dysfunctional families are not destined for a dysfunctional life-dd- Bo Bennett . No family is sane, is it-qq- Rebecca Hall . Unfortunately, some family members are so psychotic that no matter how hard you try to forge a healthy relationship, nothing will help-dd- Now that you’re an adult, take refuge in the fact that some things are beyond your control-dd- You owe it to yourself to steer clear of people who are harmful to your health-dd- Andrea Lavinthal . Family love is messy, clinging, and of an annoying and repetitive pattern, like bad wallpaper-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . If you didn’t feel like your support system was strong enough, then getting yourself out of the situation was the best thing to do-dd- Lindsey Kelk . All families are psychotic-dd- Everybody has basically the same family – it’s just reconfigured slightly different from one to the next-dd- Douglas Coupland . He’d learned long ago: perfection isn’t what families are all about-dd- Jamie Ford . A dysfunctional family is any family with more than one person in it-dd- Mary Karr . Come back-dd- Even as a shadow, even as a dream-dd- Euripides . The song is ended but the melody lingers on-dd- Irving Berlin . There comes a time in your life when you have to choose to turn the page, write another book or simply close it-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . When you loved someone and had to let them go, there will always be that small part of yourself that whispers, “What was it that you wanted and why didn’t you fight for it-qq- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Those we love and lose are always connected by heartstrings into infinity-dd- Terri Guillemets quotegarden-dd-com . Grief can be a burden, but also an anchor-dd- You get used to the weight, how it holds you in place-dd- Sarah Dessen . Sadly enough, the most painful goodbyes are the ones that are left unsaid and never explained-dd- Jonathan Harnisch . If you’re going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston Churchill . I love you every day-dd- And now I will miss you every day-dd- Mitch Albom . We bereaved are not alone-dd- We belong to the largest company in all the world—the company of those who have known suffering-dd- Helen Keller . If tears could build a stairway, and memories a lane, I’d walk right up to Heaven, and bring you home again-dd- Unknown . It takes a minute to find a special person, an hour to appreciate them, and a day to love them, but it takes an entire lifetime to forget them-dd- Unknown . Do not stand at my grave and cry-dd- I am not there-dd- I did not die-dd- Unknown . If the people we love are stolen from us, the way to have them live on is to never stop loving them-dd- James O’Barr . Sometimes, when one person is absent, the whole world seems depopulated-dd- Allphonse de Lamartine . Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Don’t grieve-dd- Anything you lose comes round in another form-dd- Rumi . Train up a child in the way he should go; even when he is old he will not depart from it-dd- Proverbs 22:6 . She gets up while it is still dark; she provides food for her family and portions for her servant girls-dd- Proverbs 31:15 . My son, if your heart is wise, then my heart will be glad indeed-dd- Proverbs 23:15 . Children are a heritage from the Lord, offspring a reward from him-dd- Like arrows in the hands of a warrior are children born in one’s youth-dd- Blessed is the man whose quiver is full of them-dd- Psalm 127:3-5 . Bear with each other and forgive one another if any of you has a grievance against someone-dd- Forgive as the Lord forgave you-dd- Colossians 3:13 . The wicked die and disappear, but the family of the godly stands firm-dd- Proverbs 12:7 . A wife of noble character who can find-qq- She is worth far more than rubies-dd- Proverbs 31:10 . Your wife will be like a fruitful vine within your house; your children will be like olive shoots around your table-dd- Psalm 128:3 . She is clothed with strength and dignity; she can laugh at the days to come-dd- Proverbs 31:25 . She speaks with wisdom, and faithful instruction is on her tongue-dd- Proverbs 31:26 . Honor her for all that her hands have done, and let her works bring her praise at the city gate-dd- Proverbs 31:31 . Fathers, do not embitter your children, or they will become discouraged-dd- Colossians 3:21 . The father of a righteous child has great joy; a man who fathers a wise son rejoices in him-dd- Proverbs 23:24 . Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ also loved the church and gave Himself up for her-dd- Ephesians 5:25 . Husbands, love your wives and do not be embittered against them-dd- Colossians 3:19 . For this reason a man shall leave his father and his mother, and be joined to his wife; and they shall become one flesh-dd- Genesis 2:24 . However, each one of you also must love his wife as he loves himself, and the wife must respect her husband-dd- Ephesians 5:33 . Children, obey your parents in everything, for this pleases the Lord-dd- Colossians 3:20 . Listen, my son, to your father’s instructions and do not forsake your mother’s teaching-dd- Proverbs 1:8 . A wise son brings joy to his father, but a foolish man despises his mother-dd- Proverbs 15:20 . Honor your father and your mother, so that you may live long in the land the Lord, your God is giving you-dd- Exodus 20:12 . It didn’t matter how big our house was; it mattered that there was love in it-dd- Peter Buffett . 