Never have more children than you have car windows-dd- Erma Bombeck . Children are one third of our population and all of our future-dd- Select Panel for the Promotion of Child Health, 1981 . A person’s a person, no matter how small-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . History will judge us by the difference we make in the everyday lives of children-dd- Nelson Mandela . Children will listen to you after they feel listened to-dd- Jane Nelsen . Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . You can learn many things from children-dd- How much patience you have, for instance-dd- Franklin P-dd- Jones . You are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent forth-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Children must be taught how to think, not what to think-dd- Margaret Mead . Children learn more from what you are, than what you teach-dd- W-dd-E-dd-B-dd- Du Bois . Children make you want to start life over-dd- Muhammad Ali . A child is an uncut diamond-dd- Austin O’Malley . Don’t handicap your children by making their lives easy-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales-dd- If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales-dd- Albert Einstein . What is a home without children-qq- Quiet-dd- Henny Youngman . Children need models rather than critics-dd- Joseph Joubert . Even if people are still very young, they shouldn’t be prevented from saying what they think-dd- Anne Frank . To every child – I dream of a world where you can laugh, dance, sing, learn, live in peace and be happy-dd- Malala Yousafzai . We worry about what a child will become tomorrow, yet we forget that he is someone today-dd- Stacia Tauscher . Our most important task as a nation is to make sure all our young people can achieve their dreams-dd- Barack Obama . A child seldom needs a good talking to as a good listening to-dd- Robert Brault . Seven things every child needs to hear: I love you, I’m proud of you, I’m sorry, I forgive you, I’m listening-dd- This is your responsibility-dd- You have what it takes to succeed-dd- Sherrie Campbell, PhD . One generation plants the trees; another gets the shade-dd- Chinese proverb . Teach your children they’re unique-dd- That way, they won’t feel pressured to be like everybody else-dd- Cindy Cashman . Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them-dd- James Baldwin . There are only two lasting bequests we can hope to give our children-dd- One is roots; the other, wings-dd- Hodding Carter . Every child comes with the message that God is not yet discouraged of man-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Children are mirrors, they reflect back to us all we say and do-dd- Pam Leo . A child can ask questions that a wise man cannot answer-dd- . If you want your children to turn out well, spend twice as much time with them and half as much money-dd- Abigail Van Buren . Let parents bequeath to their children not riches, but the spirit of reverence-dd- Plato . A child can teach an adult three things… To be happy for no reason-dd- To always be busy with something-dd- And to know how to demand with all his might that which he desires-dd- Paulo Coelho . The greatest gifts you can give your children are the roots of responsibility and the wings of independence-dd- Denis Waitley . Always smile back at little children-dd- To ignore them is to destroy their belief that the world is good-dd- Pam Brown . Always kiss your children goodnight, even if they’re already asleep-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr-dd- (This is one of my favorite children quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men-dd- Frederick Douglas . It is a wise father that knows his own child-dd- William Shakespeare . All little girls should be told they are pretty-dd- Marilyn Monroe . It took me four years to paint like Raphael, but a lifetime to paint like a child-dd- Pablo Picasso . All children are artists-dd- The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up-dd- Pablo Picasso . Youth is a wonderful thing-dd- What a crime to waste it on children-dd- George Bernard Shaw . A child is not a vase to be filled, but a fire to be lit-dd- Francois Rabelais . Adults follow paths-dd- Children explore-dd- Neil Gaiman . Children make your life important-dd- Erma Bombeck . Children are our most valuable resource-dd- Herbert Hoover . It takes a village to raise a child-dd- African proverb . Children are the keys of paradise-dd- Eric Hoffer . One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world-dd- Malala Yousafzai . A child miseducated is a child lost-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . The mother’s heart is the child’s schoolroom-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Children re-invent your world for you-dd- Susan Sarandon . An honest man is always a child-dd- Socrates . Children are the anchors that hold the mother to life-dd- Sophocles . Wealth and children are the adornment of life-dd- Quran . Kids spell love T-I-M-E-dd- John Crudele . All men know their children mean more than life-dd- Euripides . Noble fathers have noble children-dd- Euripides . Adults are just outdated children-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Having one child makes you a parent; having two, you are a referee-dd- David Frost . When kids hit 1 year old, it’s like hanging out with a miniature drunk-dd- You have to hold onto them-dd- They bump into things-dd- They laugh and cry-dd- They urinate-dd- They vomit-dd- Johnny Depp . Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own-dd- Aristotle . A child is a curly dimpled lunatic-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where they’re going-dd- P-dd- J-dd- O’Rourke . The most effective form of birth control I know is spending the day with my kids-dd- Jill Bensley . The first half of our lives is spoiled by our parents, and the last half by our children-dd- Jennifer James . Most children threaten at times to run away from home-dd- This is the only thing that keeps some parents going-dd- Phyllis Diller . I want my children to have all the things I couldn’t afford-dd- Then I want to move in with them-dd- Phyllis Diller . There are three things that a child can teach an adult: To be happy for no reason; to be always busy doing something; And to know how to demand – with all one’s might – what one wants-dd- Paulo Coelho . I’ve been to war-dd- I’ve raised twins-dd- If I had a choice, I’d rather go to war-dd- George W-dd- Bush . Children are a great comfort to us in our old age, and they help us reach it faster too-dd- . Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing up is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing-dd- Phyllis Diller . Don’t try to make children grow up to be like you, or they may do it-dd- Russell Baker . Before I got married I had six theories about bringing up children; now I have six children and no theories-dd- John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester . Give me the children until they are seven and anyone may have them afterward-dd- St-dd- Francis Xavier . A characteristic of the normal child is he doesn’t act that way very often-dd- Unknown . Children are the living messages we send to a time we will not see-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . I continue to believe that if children are given the necessary tools to succeed, they will succeed beyond their wildest dreams-xx- David Vitter . If a man leaves little children behind him, it is as if he did not die-dd- Moroccan Proverb . If we don’t stand up for children, then we don’t stand for much-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . If we wish to create a lasting peace we must begin with the children-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . There is a brilliant child locked inside every student-dd- Marva Collins . You know who’s going to build that better world-qq- It’s the youth-dd- Children will do things that are now considered impossible-dd- Kacey McCallister . The essence of our effort to see that every child has a chance must be to assure each an equal opportunity, not to become equal, but to become different – to realize whatever unique potential of body, mind and spirit he or she possesses-dd- John Fischer . If you make children happy now, you make make them happy twenty years hence by the memory of it-dd- . The extra hours you put in today will keep a smile on the faces of your children a few years from now-dd- . The child must know that he is a miracle, that since the beginning of the world there hasn’t been, and until the end of the world there will not be, another child like him-dd- Pablo Casals . How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving, and tolerant of the weak and strong-dd- Because some day in life you will have been all of these-dd- George Washington Carver . Today our children are our reflection-dd- Tomorrow they will be our shadows-dd- Maralee McKee . Hugs can do great amounts of good, especially for children-dd- Princess Diana . The first happiness of a child is to know that he is loved-dd- Don Bosco . Kids go where there is excitement, they stay where there is love-dd- Zig Ziglar . When you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts-dd- A mother always has to think twice, once for herself and once for her child-dd- Sophia Loren . Too much love never spoils children-dd- Children become spoiled when we substitute presents for presence-dd- Anthony Witham . There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Children begin by loving their parents; as they grow older they judge them; sometimes they forgive them-dd- Oscar Wilde . Loving a child doesn’t mean giving in to all his whims; to love him is to bring out the best in him, to teach him to love what is difficult-dd- Nadia Boulanger . Our job is not to toughen our children up to face a cruel and heartless world-dd- Our job is to raise children who will make the world a little less cruel and heartless-dd- L-dd-R-dd- Knost . Your kids require you most of all to love them for who they are, not to spend your whole time trying to correct them-dd- Bill Ayers . I don’t remember who said this, but there really are places in the heart you don’t even know exist until you love a child-dd- Anne Lamott . It’s a funny thing about mothers and fathers-dd- Even when their own child is the most disgusting little blister you could ever imagine, they still think that he or she is wonderful-dd- Roald Dahl . If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace-dd- Thomas Paine . The soul is healed by being with children-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . Children are the only form of immortality that we can be sure of-dd- Peter Ustinov . While we try to teach our children all about life, Our children teach us what life is all about-dd- Angela Schwindt . Children astound me with their inquisitive minds-dd- The world is wide and mysterious to them, and as they piece together the puzzle of life, they ask ‘Why-qq-’ ceaselessly-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Your children make it impossible to regret your past-dd- They’re its finest fruits-dd- Sometimes the only ones-dd- Anna Quindlen . Love children especially, for they too are sinless like the angels; they live to soften and purify our hearts and, as it were, to guide us-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . At the end of your life, you will never regret not having passed one more test, not winning one more verdict or not closing one more deal-dd- You will regret time not spent with a husband, a friend, a child, or a parent-dd- Barbara Bush . There is no sound more annoying than the chatter of a child, and none more sad than the silence they leave when they are gone-dd- Mark Lawrence . Being considerate of others will take your children further in life than any college degree-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . May what I do flow from me like a river, no forcing and no holding back, the way it is with children-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . It’s not about what you tell your children, but how you show them how to live life-dd- Jada Pinkett Smith . Do not indoctrinate your children-dd- Teach them how to think for themselves, how to evaluate evidence, and how to disagree with you-dd- Richard Dawkins . Let us put our minds together and see what life we can make for our children-dd- Sitting Bull . Children require guidance and sympathy far more than instruction-dd- Anne Sullivan . When do children cry-qq- When they want something-dd- Adults are no different-dd- Naval Ravikant . There never was a child so lovely, but his mother was glad to get him asleep-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Children are likely to live up to what you believe of them-dd- Lady Bird Johnson . The way we talk to our children becomes their inner voice-dd- Peggy O’Mara . Your children need your presence more than your presents-dd- Jesse Jackson . Children aren’t coloring books-dd- You don’t get to fill them with your favorite colors-dd- Khaled Hosseini . If you as parents cut corners, your children will too-dd- If you lie, they will too-dd- Marian Wright Edelman . The greatest legacy one can pass on to one’s children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one’s life, but rather a legacy of character and faith-dd- Billy Graham . The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother-dd- Theodore Hesburgh . Children are not things to be molded, but are people to be unfolded-dd- Jess Lair . Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children-dd- Charles R-dd- Swindoll . Indeed – judicious, consistent parenting is a dream of mine-dd- No judgments, learning space and listening carefully are my goals-dd- Emma Thompson . Children are great imitators-dd- So give them something great to imitate-dd- . We spend the first year of a child’s life teaching it to walk and talk and the rest of its life to shut up and sit down-dd- There’s something wrong there-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them-dd- James Baldwin . The best way to make children good is to make them happy-dd- Oscar Wilde . I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it-dd- Harry S-dd- Truman, 33rd President of the United States . The best inheritance a parent can give his children is a few minutes of his time each day-dd- Orlando Aloysius Battista . If you can give your son or daughter only one gift… Let it be enthusiasm-dd- Bruce Barton . Don’t worry that children never listen to you; worry that they are always watching you-dd- Robert Fulghum . Anyone who does anything to help a child is a hero to me-dd- Fred Rogers . Where parents do too much for their children… the children will not do much for themselves-dd- Elbert Hubbard . What a child doesn’t receive, he can seldom later give-dd- P-dd-D-dd- James . Live so that when your children think of fairness, caring, and integrity, they think of you-dd- H-dd- Jackson Browne Jr-dd- . Children need love especially when they don’t deserve it-dd- Harold Hulbert . Kindness to children-dd- Love for children-dd- Goodness to children… These are the only investments that never fail-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A sense of worthiness is a child’s most important need-dd- Polly Berends . Children don’t need much advice but they really do need to be listened to and not just with half an ear-dd- Emma Thompson . To value his own good opinion, a child has to feel that he is a worthwhile person-dd- He has to have confidence in himself as an individual-dd- Sidonie Gruenberg . Nothing you do for children is ever wasted-dd- They seem not to notice us, hovering, averting our eyes, and they seldom offer thanks, but what we do for them is never wasted-dd- Garrison Keillor . Where did we ever get the crazy idea that in order to make children do better, first we have to make them feel worse-qq- Think of the last time you felt humiliated or treated unfairly-dd- Did you feel like cooperating or doing better-qq- Jane Nelson . Children are great imitators-dd- So give them something great to imitate-dd- . A moving child is a learning child-dd- Gill Connel and Cheryl McCarthy . Play is often talked about as if it were a relief from serious learning-dd- But for children, play is serious learning-dd- Mr-dd- Rogers . Supporting children to play requires us to remember what life is all about-dd- It’s not about getting from A-Z, but rather dreaming beyond both-dd- Vince Gowmon . Play is training for the unexpected-dd- Marc Bekoff . Play is the only way the highest intelligence of humankind can unfold-dd- Joseph Chilton Pearce . Play gives children a chance to practice what they are learning-dd- Mr-dd- Rogers . Play is often talked about as if it were a relief from serious learning-dd- But for children play is serious learning-dd- Play is really the work of childhood-dd- Fred Rogers . In every real man a child is hidden that wants to play-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Children understand and remember concepts best when they learn from direct personal experiences-dd- Joseph Campbell . Play is the royal road to childhood happiness and adult brilliance-dd- Joseph Chilton Pearce . Let the child be the scriptwriter, the director and the actor in his own play-dd- Magda Gerber . Children need the freedom and time to play-dd- Play is not a luxury-dd- Play is a necessity-dd- Kay Redfield Jamison . Don’t limit a child to your own learning, for he was born in another time-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play-dd- Heraclitus . Play is our brain’s favorite way of learning-dd- Diane Ackerman . A child educated only at school is an uneducated child-dd- George Santayana . Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep continuing needs, is good for him-dd- Maya Angelou . Good habits formed at youth make all the difference-dd- Aristotle . Children are made readers in the laps of their parents-dd- Emilie Buchwald . Don’t educate your children to be rich-dd- Educate them to be happy, so they know the value of things, not the price-dd- . Make it a rule never to give a child a book you would not read yourself-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Education in the true sense is helping the individual to be mature and free, to flower greatly in love and goodness-dd- That is what we should be interested in, and not in shaping the child according to some idealistic pattern-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . I know that we need to directly teach our children the most vital lessons, rather than assume that they’ll be understood-dd- Galit Breen . The essence of our effort to see that every child has a chance must be to assure each an equal opportunity, not to become equal, but to become different – to realize whatever unique potential of body, mind and spirit he or she possesses-dd- John Fischer . Learning is a result of listening, which in turn leads to even better listening and attentiveness to the other person-dd- In other words, to learn from the child, we must have empathy, and empathy grows as we learn-dd- Alice Miller . Example is the school of mankind, and they will learn at no other-dd- Edmund Burke . Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk-dd- Carl Jung . When you read to a child, when you put a book in a child’s hands, you are bringing that child news of the infinitely varied nature of life-dd- You are an Awakener-dd- Paula Fox . I sincerely believe that for the child, and for the parent seeking to guide him, it is not half so important to know as to feel-dd- If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow-dd- The years of early childhood are the time to prepare the soil-dd- Once the emotions have been aroused – a sense of the beautiful, the excitement of the new and the unknown, a feeling of sympathy, pity, admiration or love – then we wish for knowledge about the subject of our emotional response-dd- Once found, it has lasting meaning-dd- It is more important to pave the way for the child to want to know than to put him on a diet of facts he is not ready to assimilate-dd- Rachel Carson . Don’t just teach your children to read-dd- Teach them to question what they read-dd- Teach them to question everything-dd- George Carlin . A young child is, indeed, a true scientist, just one big question mark-dd- What-qq- Why-qq- How-qq- I never cease to marvel at the recurring miracle of growth, to be fascinated by the mystery and wonder of this brave enthusiasm-dd- Victoria Wagner . Too often, I think, children are required to write before they have anything to say-dd- Teach them to think and read and talk with self-repression, and they will write because they cannot help it-dd- Anne Sullivan . Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person’s character lies in their own hands-dd- Anne Frank . Too often we give our children answers to remember rather than problems to solve-dd- Roger Lewin . Only children believe they are capable of everything-dd- Paulo Coelho . Pretty much all the honest truth telling there is in the world is done by children-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . Kids deserve the right to think that they can change the world-dd- Lois Lowry . How is it that little children are so intelligent and men so stupid-qq- It must be education that does it-dd- Alexandre Dumas . Childhood means simplicity-dd- Look at the world with the child’s eye – it is very beautiful-dd- Kailash Satyarthi . Children are people we should be spending a lot of time talking to, listening to and helping because they’re new here-dd- Deb Lewis . A three-year-old child is a being who gets almost as much fun out of a fifty-six dollar set of swings as it does out of finding a small green worm-dd- Bill Vaughan . A child thinks that life is really beautiful and that it will become even more beautiful-dd- It is the duty of society to fulfil that expectation-dd- Robert Muller . Observe your children closely: they have often fundamental approaches and answers to the mysteries of life which we have lost as adults-dd- Robert Muller . Children are the true connoisseurs, what’s precious to them has no price, only value-dd- Bel Kaufman . We should all be inspired by children: they don’t care about fear and mistakes-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Children are a wonderful gift-dd- They have an extraordinary capacity to see into the heart of things and to expose sham and humbug for what they are-dd- Bishop Desmond Tutu . Blessed be childhood, which brings down something of Heaven into the midst of our rough earthliness-dd- Henri Frederic Amiel . Only those who look with the eyes of children can lose themselves in the object of their wonder-dd- Eberhard Arnold . There are no seven wonders of the world in the eyes of a child-dd- There are seven million-dd- Walt Streightiff . Children see magic because they look for it-dd- Christopher Moore . Only where children gather is there any real chance of fun-dd- Mignon McLaughlin . Children don’t need “meaning” to get up in the morning-dd- Life is the meaning-dd- Naval Ravikant . The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm-dd- Aldous Huxley . A child who sings is a happy child-dd- Elder Enrique Falabella . There’s nothing more contagious than the laughter of young children; it doesn’t even have to matter what they’re laughing about-dd- Criss Jami . There’s nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child-dd- Erma Bombeck . Children learn to smile from their parents-dd- Shinichi Suzuki . Babies are such a nice way to start people-dd- Don Herold . If a child is to keep alive his inborn sense of wonder, he needs the companionship of at least one adult who can share it, rediscovering with him the joy, excitement and mystery of the world we live in-dd- Rachel Carson . We find delight in the beauty and happiness of children that makes the heart too big for the body-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Every child is a different kind of flower, and all together, make this world a beautiful garden-dd- . A baby is God’s opinion that the world should go on-dd- Carl Sandburg . Every child is a thought in the mind of God, and our task is to recognize this thought and help it toward completion-dd- Eberhard Arnold . Raising children should mean helping them to become what they already are in God’s eyes-dd- Eberhard Arnold . There is all the difference in the world between teaching children about religion and handing them over to be taught by the religious-dd- Polly Toynbee . If religious instruction were not allowed until the child had attainted the age of reason, we would be living in a quite different world-dd- Christopher Hitchens . The world of religion isn’t a logical world; that’s why children like it-dd- It’s a world of worked-out fantasies, very similar to children’s stories or fairy tales-dd- Yehuda Amichai . My children, the secret of religion lies not in theories but in practice-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Children pick up words, as pigeons peas, and utter them again as God shall please-dd- Portuguese Proverb . The voice of parents is the voice of gods, for to their children they are heaven’s lieutenants-dd- William Shakespeare . If you ask children in the west where’s God, they’d point to the sky-dd- If you ask children in India, they point at themselves-dd- Mother Teresa . I love these little people; and it is not a slight thing when they, who are so fresh from God, love us-dd- Charles Dickens . Play is the work of the child-dd- Maria Montessori . Never help a child with a task at which he feels he can succeed-dd- Maria Montessori . When children come into contact with nature, they reveal their strength-dd- Maria Montessori . The most important period of life is not the age of university studies, but the first one, the period from birth to the age of six-dd- Maria Montessori . The greatest sign of success for a teacher… is to be able to say, ‘The children are now working as if I did not exist-dd-’ Maria Montessori . Early childhood education is the key to the betterment of society-dd- Maria Montessori . The development of language is part of the development of the personality, for words are the natural means of expressing thoughts and establishing understanding between people-dd- Maria Montessori . Free the child’s potential, and you will transform him into the world-dd- Maria Montessori . Now, what really makes a teacher is love for the human child; for it is love that transforms the social duty of the educator into the higher consciousness of a mission-dd- Maria Montessori . Joy, feeling one’s own value, being appreciated and loved by others, feeling useful and capable of production are all factors of enormous value for the human soul-dd- Maria Montessori . When you have solved the problem of controlling the attention of the child, you have solved the entire problem of its education-dd- Maria Montessori . One test of the correctness of educational procedure is the happiness of the child-dd- Maria Montessori . Adults are just obsolete children and the hell with them-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . You have brains in your head-dd- You have feet in your shoes-dd- You can steer yourself any direction you choose-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Today you are you, that is truer than true-dd- There is no one alive who is youer than you-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . You’re never too old, too wacky, too wild, to pick up a book and read to a child-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Each of us as citizens, has a role to play in creating a better world for our children-dd- Nelson Mandela . We owe our children – the most vulnerable citizens in any society – a life free from violence and fear-dd- Nelson Mandela . Our children are the rock on which our future will be built, our greatest asset as a nation-dd- They will be the leaders of our country, the creators of our national wealth, those who care for and protect our people-dd- Nelson Mandela . Educating all of our children must be one of our most urgent priorities-dd- We all know that education, more than anything else, improves our chances of building better lives-dd- Nelson Mandela . Education is the great engine of personal development-dd- It is through education that the daughter of a peasant can become a doctor, that the son of a mineworker can become the head of the mine, that a child of farm workers can become the president of a great nation-dd- It is what we make out of what we have, not what we are given, that separates one person from another-dd- Nelson Mandela . Few things make the life of a parent more rewarding and sweet as successful children-dd- Nelson Mandela . Our children are our greatest treasure-dd- They are our future-dd- Those who abuse them tear at the fabric of our society and weaken our nation-dd- Nelson Mandela . One way that we can build a better future for children is by empowering them through allowing them to speak up for themselves-dd- Of course, we as adults have to guide them and to take ultimate responsibility but that is something quite different from patronizing them-dd- The rights of children must, importantly, include the right to be themselves and to talk for themselves-dd- Nelson Mandela . There can be no keener revelation of a society’s soul than the way in which it treats its children-dd- Nelson Mandela . You know, you cannot give your faith to your children, you can only show them-dd- Mother Teresa . If you judge people, you have no time to love them-dd- Mother Teresa . The child is the beauty of God present in the world, that greatest gift to a family-dd- Mother Teresa . Some people come in your life as blessings-dd- Some come in your life as lessons-dd- Mother Teresa . If you want to bring happiness to the whole world, go home and love your family-dd- Mother Teresa . The problem with our world is that we draw the circle of family too small-dd- Mother Teresa . Never worry about numbers-dd- Help one at a time, and always start with those nearest you-dd- Mother Teresa . How can there be too many children-qq- That is like saying there are too many flowers-dd- Mother Teresa . Children’s talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives meaning-dd- Maya Angelou . If you are always trying to be normal you will never know how amazing you can be-dd- Maya Angelou . The best candy shop a child can be left alone in, is the library-dd- Maya Angelou . Never whine-dd- Whining lets a brute know that a victim is in the neighborhood-dd- Maya Angelou . I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel-dd- Maya Angelou . Love recognizes no barriers-dd- It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope-dd- Maya Angelou . When you know better, you do better-dd- Maya Angelou . If I have a monument in this world, it is my son-dd- Maya Angelou . That’s the real trouble with the world-dd- Too many people grow up-dd- Walt Disney . All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them-dd- Walt Disney . Our greatest natural resource is the minds of our children-dd- Walt Disney . Laughter is timeless, imagination has no age, dreams are forever-dd- Walt Disney . First, think-dd- Second, believe-dd- Third, dream-dd- And finally, dare-dd- Walt Disney . I have long felt that the way to keep children out of trouble is to keep them interested in things-dd- Walt Disney . I do not make films primarily for children-dd- I make them for the child in all of us, whether he be six or sixty-dd- Call the child innocence-dd- Walt Disney . Everybody in the world was once a child-dd- We grow up-dd- Our personalities change-dd- But in every one of us, something remains of our childhood-dd- Walt Disney . When you’re curious, you find lots of interesting things to do-dd- Walt Disney . If you can dream it, you can do it-dd- Always remember that this whole thing was started by a mouse-dd- Walt Disney . There’s a child in us all-dd- Walt Disney . The law of love could be best understood and learned through little children-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . If we are to teach real peace in this world, and if we are to carry on a real war against war, we shall have to begin with the children-dd- Mahatma Gandh . The greatest lessons in life, if we would but stoop and humble ourselves, we would learn not from the grown-up learned men, but from the so-called ignorant children-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Nobody can hurt me without my permission-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Hate the sin, love the sinner-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . It is vital that when educating our children’s brains, that we do not neglect to educate their hearts-dd- Dalai Lama . Be kind whenever possible-dd- It is always possible-dd- Dalai Lama . I defeat my enemies when I make them my friends-dd- Dalai Lama . Children are our greatest untapped resource-dd- Dalai Lama . Old men can make war, but it is children who will make history-dd- Ray Merritt . When I approach a child, he inspires in me two sentiments — tenderness for what he is and respect for what he may become-dd- Louis Pasteur . It’s the children the world almost breaks who grow up to save it-dd- Frank Warren . The visions we offer our children shape the future-dd- Carl Sagan . For these are all our children-dd- We will all profit by, or pay for, whatever they become-dd- James Baldwin . Children are our future, and the only way for the world to evolve, as I have been shown it should be, is for each generation to be more loving and compassionate than the one before-dd- This is only possible if we support the children around us, and protect and encourage them so that they don’t need to lock their love away-dd- Lorna Byrne . Cherish your children… for they are the footprints you will leave behind-dd- Taylor Evan Fulks . 