Only one life, that soon is past-dd- Only what’s done with love will last-dd- . You call it madness, but I call it love-dd- Don Byas . When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace-dd- Jimi Hendrix . Where there is love there is life-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Just in case you have forgotten today: You matter-dd- You are loved-dd- You are worthy-dd- You are magical-dd- . I know of no greater happiness than to be with you all the time, without interruption, without end-dd- Franz Kafka . Age does not protect you from love, but love to some extent protects you from age-dd- Jeanne Moreau . Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Love isn’t finding a perfect person-dd- It’s seeing an imperfect person perfectly-dd- Sam Keen . We love because it’s the only true adventure-dd- Nikki Giovanni . To love is to burn, to be on fire-dd- Jane Austen . True love stories never have endings-dd- Richard Bach . Never make someone a priority when all you are to them is an option-dd- Maya Angelou . He is not a lover who does not love forever-dd- Euripides . Him that I love, I wish to be free – even from me-dd- Anne Morrow Lindbergh . In the end we discover that to love and let go can be the same thing-dd- Jack Kornfield . Love must be as much a light as it is a flame-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does-dd- Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up-dd- James Baldwin . I wish I had done everything on Earth with you-dd- The Great Gatsby . It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not-dd- Andre Gide . Each time you love, love as deeply as if it were forever – only, nothing is eternal-dd- Audre Lorde . A loving heart is the truest wisdom-dd- Charles Dickens . Every thing that you love, you will eventually lose, but in the end, love will return in a different form-dd- Franz Kafka . Knowing, understanding and accepting yourself is your first step to everything you want in life-dd- Maxime Lagacé . We must love one another or die-dd- W-dd- H-dd- Auden . Love yourself-dd- Then forget it-dd- Then, love the world-dd- Mary Oliver . Build bridges, not walls-dd- (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Unless you love someone, nothing else makes sense-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . Love is the product of how you respond … Love is showing your partner they’re safe, you’ll catch them if they fall, and you’ll drop everything if they need you-dd- Love is unconditional-dd- Love doesn’t keep score-dd- Shane Parrish . Love is a great master-dd- It teaches us to be what we never were-dd- Moliere . Love is the expansion of two natures in such fashion that each include the other, each is enriched by the other-dd- Felix Adler . Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: that word is love-dd- Sophocles . Kindness in words creates confidence-dd- Kindness in thinking creates profundity-dd- Kindness in giving creates love-dd- Lao Tzu . Love’s greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred-dd- Barbara De Angelis . Love is never lost-dd- If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart-dd- Washington Irving . Life is the first gift, love is the second, and understanding the third-dd- Marge Piercy . You never lose by loving-dd- You always lose by holding back-dd- Barbara De Angelis (This is one of my favorite love quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Love all, trust a few-dd- William Shakespeare . Love is a better teacher than duty-dd- Albert Einstein . There is no remedy for love but to love more-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies-dd- Aristotle . You look amazing-dd- I’m so lucky-dd- Prince Harry . Love is often the fruit of marriage-dd- Molière . You make me want to be a better man-dd- Melvin Udall (As Good As It Gets) . It doesn’t matter if the guy is perfect or the girl is perfect, as long as they are perfect for each other-dd- Sean (Good Will Hunting) . The giving of love is an education in itself-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . We must be our own before we can be another’s-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I’m selfish, impatient and a little insecure-dd- I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle-dd- But if you can’t handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don’t deserve me at my best-dd- Marilyn Monroe . The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved-dd- Victor Hugo . The more I think it over, the more I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people-dd- Vincent van Gogh . Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage-dd- Lao Tzu . You know you’re in love when you can’t fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Life is the flower for which love is the honey-dd- Victor Hugo . All you need is love-dd- Paul McCartney . You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth-dd- William W-dd- Purkey . If someone thinks that love and peace is a cliche that must have been left behind in the Sixties, that’s his problem-dd- Love and peace are eternal-dd- John Lennon . Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius-dd- Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius-dd- Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart . Love is the greatest refreshment in life-dd- Pablo Picasso . We can only learn to love by loving-dd- Iris Murdoch . If you don’t love yourself who will-qq- Naval Ravikant . Saying no to others is saying yes to yourself-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you care enough, you will find a way-dd- Maxime Lagacé . To love is, first of all, to accept ourselves as we actually are-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . A life lived in love will never be dull-dd- Leo Buscaglia . Attention is the rarest and purest form of generosity-dd- Simone Weil . Love is what makes the ride worthwhile-dd- Franklin P-dd- Jones . The love we give away is the only love we keep-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Tell me whom you love and I will tell you who you are-dd- Houssaye . Givers need to set limits because takers rarely do-dd- Rachel Wolchin . Reason is nothing less than the guardian of love-dd- Sam Harris . Be with someone who is proud to have you-dd- Unknown . No one is you and that is your super power-dd- Unknown . Trust your intuition and be guided by love-dd- Charles Eisenstein . In matters of the heart, nothing is true except the improbable-dd- Madame de Stael . Love does not die easily-dd- It is a living thing-dd- James D-dd- Bryden . Love must be learned, and learned again and again; there is no end to it-dd- Katherine Anne Porter . Where there is great love, there are always miracles-dd- Willa Cather . Whoso loves, believes the impossible-dd- Elizabeth Barrett Browning . You are enough-dd- Unknown . The first duty of love is to listen-dd- Paul Tillich . Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love-dd- Rumi . Those who love deeply never grow old; they may die of old age, but they die young-dd- Sir Arthur Pinero . The more the soul knows, the more she loves, and loving much, she tastes much-dd- W-dd- H-dd- Murray . You know quite well, deep within you, that there is only a single magic, a single power, a single salvation…and that is called loving-dd- Well, then, love your suffering-dd- Do not resist it, do not flee from it-dd- It is your aversion that hurts, nothing else-dd- Hermann Hesse . If you can’t stop thinking about it, it’s a good thing-dd- It means you’re alive-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Some call it passion, motivation, madness, foolishness, intuition, inspiration-dd- Others don’t care at all and just do it because of that small voice inside-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Love cures people – both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it-dd- Karl Menninger . Wake at dawn with a winged heart and give thanks for another day of loving-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Eventually you will come to understand that love heals everything, and love is all there is-dd- Gary Zukav . The minute I heard my first love story – I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was-dd- Lovers don’t finally meet somewhere – they’re in each other all along-dd- Rumi . To love unconditionally requires no contracts, bargains, or agreements-dd- Love exists in the moment-to-moment flux of life-dd- Marion Woodman . Earth’s the right place for love-dd- I don’t know where it’s likely to go better-dd- Robert Frost . I think we dream so we don’t have to be apart so long-dd- If we’re in each others dreams, we can be together all the time-dd- Hobbes . But one of the attributes of love, like art, is to bring harmony and order out of chaos, to introduce meaning and affect where before there was none, to give rhythmic variations, highs and lows to a landscape that was previously flat-dd- Molly Haskell . Every time we love, every time we give, it’s Christmas-dd- Dale Evans . Love does not alter the beloved, it alters itself-dd- Soren Kierkegaard . I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality-dd- This is why right, temporarily defeated, is stronger than evil triumphant-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Patience is the mark of true love-dd- If you truly love someone, you will be more patient with that person-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Close your eyes, take your time and listen-dd- What does your heart says-qq- Maxime Lagacé . This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment-dd- First to let go of life-dd- Finally, to take a step without feet-dd- Rumi . Don’t ask yourself what the world needs, ask yourself what makes you come alive-dd- And then go and do that-dd- Because what the world needs is people who have come alive-dd- Howard Washington Thurman . Love as a power can go anywhere-dd- It isn’t sentimental-dd- It doesn’t have to be pretty, yet it doesn’t deny pain-dd- Sharon Salzberg . There is always something left to love-dd- And if you ain’t learned that, you ain’t learned nothing-dd- Lorraine Hansberry . The demand to be loved is the greatest of all arrogant presumptions-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Love and kindness are never wasted-dd- They always make a difference-dd- They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver-dd- Barbara De Angelis . Flatter me, and I may not believe you-dd- Criticize me, and I may not like you-dd- Ignore me, and I may not forgive you-dd- Encourage me, and I will not forget you-dd- Love me and I may be forced to love you-dd- William Arthur Ward . To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved-dd- George MacDonald . To live in this world you must be able to do three things: to love what is mortal; to hold it against your bones knowing your own life depends on it; and, when the time comes to let it go, to let it go-dd- Mary Oliver . A source of trouble is our unruly minds-dd- We can counter that by developing a warm heart-dd- We need to effect an inner transformation, to understand that love and affection are a real source of joy-dd- Dalai Lama . In a true partnership, the kind worth striving for, the kind worth insisting on, and even, frankly, worth divorcing over, both people try to give as much or even a little more than they get-dd- ‘Deserves’ is not the point-dd- And ‘owes’ is certainly not the point-dd- The point is to make the other person as happy as we can, because their happiness adds to ours-dd- The point is – in the right hands, everything that you give, you get-dd- Amy Bloom . Have you ever been at sea in a dense fog, when it seemed as if a tangible white darkness shut you in and the great ship, tense and anxious, groped her way toward the shore with plummet and sounding-line, and you waited with beating heart for something to happen-qq- Helen Keller . I was like that ship before my education began, only I was without compass or sounding line, and no way of knowing how near the harbor was-dd- Helen Keller . ‘Light-xx- Give me light-xx-’ was the wordless cry of my soul, and the light of love shone on me in that very hour-dd- Helen Keller . The best love affairs are those we never had-dd- Norman Lindsay . A religious awakening which does not awaken the sleeper to love has roused him in vain-dd- Jessamyn West . You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; and just so, you learn to love by loving-dd- All those who think to learn in any other way deceive themselves-dd- Saint Francis de Sales . If I am not worth the wooing, I am surely not worth the winning-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . In reality, in love there is a permanent suffering which joy neutralizes, renders virtual, delays, but which can at any moment become what it would have become long earlier if one had not obtained what one wanted, atrocious-dd- Marcel Proust . Love is the strange bewilderment which overtakes one person on account of another person-dd- James Thurber . Love is a choice you make from moment to moment-dd- Barbara De Angelis . We need not think alike to love alike-dd- David Ferenc . I love you, not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you-dd- Roy Croft . Come live in my heart and pay no rent-dd- Unknown . The first symptom of love in a young man is timidity; in a girl boldness-dd- Victor Hugo . Through you, I realised that life gave me everything-dd- Maxime Lagacé . We are the leaves of one branch, the drops of one sea, the flowers of one garden-dd- Jean Baptiste Henry Lacordaire . Let the lover be disgraceful, crazy, absent-minded-dd- Someone sober will worry about events going badly-dd- Let the lover be-dd- Rumi . Come out of the circle of time-dd- And into the circle of love-dd- Rumi . This sky where we live is no place to lose your wings so love, love, love-dd- Rumi . I want to do things so wild with you that I don’t know how to say them-dd- Anais Nin . Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat-dd- Ben Hecht . The best love is the kind that awakens the soul; that makes us reach for more, that plants the fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds-dd- That’s what I hope to give you forever-dd- Noah from The Notebook . Love is my religion — I could die for that — I could die for you-dd- My creed is love and you are its only tenet-dd- John Keats . I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . To be your friend was all I ever wanted; to be your lover was all I ever dreamed-dd- Valerie Lombardo . I saw that you were perfect, and so I loved you-dd- Then I saw that you were not perfect and I loved you even more-dd- Angelita Lim . You don’t love someone for their looks, or their clothes, or for their fancy car, but because they sing a song only you can hear-dd- Oscar Wilde . There is a madness in loving you, a lack of reason that makes it feel so flawless-dd- Leo Christopher . Loved you yesterday, love you still, always have, always will-dd- Elaine Davis . I look at you and see the rest of my life in front of my eyes-dd- Unknown . I want to be your favorite hello and hardest goodbye-dd- Unknown . I swear I couldn’t love you more than I do right now, and yet I know I will tomorrow-dd- Leo Christopher . Thinking of you keeps me awake-dd- Dreaming of you keeps me asleep-dd- Being with you keeps me alive-dd- Unknown . In real love you want the other person’s good-dd- In romantic love you want the other person-dd- Margaret Anderson . If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you-dd- A-dd- A-dd- Milne (Winnie The Pooh) . Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much a heart can hold-dd- Zelda Fitzgerald . Love is sharing your popcorn-dd- Charles Schultz . Love is being stupid together-dd- Paul Valery . If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question-qq- Lily Tomlin . Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love-dd- Albert Einstein . How on earth are you ever going to explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love-qq- Albert Einstein . Love is like pi – natural, irrational, and very important-dd- Lisa Hoffman . To be in love is merely to be in a state of perceptual anesthesia – to mistake an ordinary young man for a Greek god or an ordinary young woman for a goddess-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . Love sometimes wants to do us a great favor: hold us upside down and shake all the nonsense out-dd- Hafiz of Persia . By all means marry-dd- If you get a good wife, you’ll be happy-dd- If you get a bad one, you’ll become a philosopher-dd- Socrates . My wife gets all the money I make-dd- I just get an apple and clean clothes every morning-dd- Ray Romano . Honesty is the key to a relationship-dd- If you can fake that, you’re in-dd- Richard Jeni . Love involves a peculiar unfathomable combination of understanding and misunderstanding-dd- Diane Arbus . Every day I fall more in love with you-dd- Except on those days where you really piss me off-dd- Unknown . I love you more than coffee – but please don’t make me prove it-dd- Unknown . Romance is the icing, but love is the cake-dd- Unknown . There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments-dd- Chris Rock . When you’re in love, it’s the most glorious two-and-a-half days of your life-dd- Richard Lewis . I love being married-dd- It’s so great to find one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life-dd- Unknown . Love is like a fart – if you have to force it it’s probably crap-dd- Unknown . You’re just like bacon – you make everything better-dd- Unknown . A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous-dd- Ingrid Bergman . Love: a temporary insanity, curable by marriage-dd- Ambrose Bierce . What the world really needs is more love and less paperwork-dd- Pearl Bailey . Do you love me because I’m beautiful, or am I beautiful because you love me-qq- Oscar Hammerstein, II . Love is the answer, but while you are waiting for the answer sex raises some pretty good questions-dd- Woody Allen . There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved-dd- George Sand . The good life is inspired by love and guided by knowledge-dd- Bertrand Russell . The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for-dd- Allan K-dd- Chalmers . The more you create, the more you’re alive, the happier you are-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Have you ever been so focused that you forgot time-qq- That’s what you should do more of-dd- Maxime Lagacé . When all your desires are distilled, you will cast just two votes: To love more, and be happy-dd- Hafiz of Persia . The cure for all ills and wrongs, the cares, the sorrows and the crimes of humanity, all lie in the one word ‘love-dd-’ It is the divine vitality that everywhere produces and restores life-dd- Lydia Maria Child . Love life and life will love you back-dd- Love people and they will love you back-dd- Arthur Rubinstein . Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed-dd- Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude-dd- Denis Waitley . I truly feel that there are as many ways of loving as there are people in the world and as there are days in the life of those people-dd- Mary S-dd- Calderone . Life is meaningless only if we allow it to be-dd- Each of us has the power to give life meaning, to make our time and our bodies and our words into instruments of love and hope-dd- Tom Head . The world is too dangerous for anything but truth and too small for anything but love-dd- William Sloane Coffin . Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives-dd- C-dd- S-dd- Lewis . Life is a quest and love a quarrel-dd- Edna St-dd- Vincent Millay . If you have love in your life it can make up for a great many things you lack-dd- If you don’t have it, no matter what else there is, it’s not enough-dd- Ann Landers . Only connect-xx- That was the whole of her sermon-dd- Only connect the prose and the passion, and both will be exalted, and human love will be seen at its height-dd- Live in fragments no longer-dd- E-dd- M-dd- Forster . Love is anterior to life, posterior to death, initial of creation, and the Exponent of earth-dd- Emily Dickinson . In everyone’s life, at some time, our inner fire goes out-dd- It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being-dd- We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Once we recognize what it is we are feeling, once we recognize we can feel deeply, love deeply, can feel joy, then we will demand that all parts of our lives produce that kind of joy-dd- Audre Lorde . The love of our neighbor in all its fullness simply means being able to say, ‘What are you going through-qq-’ Simone Weil . The little unremembered acts of kindness and love are the best parts of a person’s life-dd- William Wordsworth . Love is a condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own-dd- Robert Heinlein . A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you-dd- Elbert Hubbard . This is my beloved and this is my friend-dd- Song of Solomon . It is in deep solitude that I find the gentleness with which I can truly love my brothers-dd- The more solitary I am the more affection I have for them-dd- Solitude and silence teach me to love my brothers for what they are, not for what they say-dd- Thomas Merton . True friendships ask for nothing in return that’s why I call them the perfect love-dd- Maxime Lagacé . It has never been about the quantity, but more about the quality-dd- Real friends care and they show it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Friendship is the finest balm for the pangs of despised love-dd- Jane Austen . Tell me who admires and loves you-dd- And I will tell you who you are-dd- Charles Augustin Sainte-Beuve . The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as a human being-dd- His heart withers if it does not answer another heart-dd- His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love-dd- Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing-dd- Elie Wiesel . You like to respect and admire someone whom you love, but actually, you love even more the people who require understanding and who make mistakes and have to grow with their mistakes-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Being heard is so close to being loved that for the average person they are almost indistinguishable-dd- David Augsburger . All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand-dd- Ella Wheeler Wilcox . We all need friends with whom we can speak of our deepest concerns, and who do not fear to speak the truth in love to us-dd- Margaret Guenther . Friendship is mutual blackmail elevated to the level of love-dd- Robin Morgan . There is hardly a more gracious gift that we can offer somebody than to accept them fully, to love them almost despite themselves-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . We don’t need sugar, flour or rice or anything else-dd- We just want to see our dear ones-dd- Hafiz of Persia . To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance-dd- Oscar Wilde . She remembered who she was and the game changed-dd- Lalah Deliah . It can take a long time to know yourself, your fears and your desires, but once you’ll do, magic will happen-dd- Maxime Lagacé . You are the only one in the world with those traits and those experiences-dd- Accept them totally because that weirdness is what the world actually need-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The greatest single cause of a poor self image is the absence of unconditional love-dd- Zig Ziglar . Eliminate the need to be liked-dd- Replace it with the intention to be of service, whether to others, something you believe in, or your highest self-dd- Neil Strauss . I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Perhaps the biggest mistake I made in the past was that I believed love was about finding the right person-dd- In reality, love is about becoming the right person-dd- Don’t look for the person you want to spend your life with-dd- Become the person you want to spend your life with-dd- Neil Strauss . The nice thing about self-love is that it’s hardly ever unrequited-dd- Solomon Short . On reflection, one of the things I needed to learn was to allow myself to be loved-dd- Isha McKenzie-Mavinga . I love people-dd- I love my family, my children… but inside myself is a place where I live all alone and that’s where you renew your springs that never dry up-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Comparison is an act of violence against the self-dd- Iyanla Vanzant . If you aren’t good at loving yourself, you will have a difficult time loving anyone, since you’ll resent the time and energy you give another person that you aren’t even giving to yourself-dd- Barbara De Angelis . Love measures our stature: the more we love, the bigger we are-dd- There is no smaller package in all the world than that of a man all wrapped up in himself-dd- William Sloane Coffin . Self love is not selfish; you cannot truly love another until you know how to love yourself-dd- Unknown . And one day she discovered that she was fierce, and strong, and full of fire, and that not even she could hold herself back because her passion burned brighter than her fears-dd- Mark Anthony . As we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same-dd- Marianne Williamson . Friendship with one’s self is all important, because without it one can not be friends with anyone else in the world-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . When you undervalue what you do, the world will undervalue who you are-dd- Unknown . The ultimate lesson all of us have to learn is unconditional love, which includes not only others but ourselves as well-dd- Elizabeth Kubler-Ross . We may want to love other people without holding back, to feel authentic, to breathe in the beauty around us, to dance and sing-dd- Yet each day we listen to inner voices that keep our life small-dd- Tara Brach . Self-care is never a selfish act — it is simply good stewardship of the only gift I have, the gift I was put on earth to offer to others-dd- Parker Palmer . Until you value yourself, you won’t value your time-dd- Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . You are imperfect, you are wired for struggle, but you are worthy of love and belonging-dd- Brené Brown . Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love-dd- Brené Brown . Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world-dd- Judy Collins . Let the beauty of what you love be what you do-dd- Rumi . Only true love can fuel the hard work that awaits you-dd- Tom Freston . Love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well-dd- Vincent van Gogh . Create something that only you can do-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you truly love your work, you’ll do whatever it takes to master it-dd- If you master it, you’ll change the world-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Just don’t give up trying to do what you really want to do-dd- Where there’s love and inspiration, I don’t think you can go wrong-dd- Ella Fitzgerald . Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence-dd- Henry David Thoreau . From where we are there is always a path toward love-dd- What takes discipline is continually choosing that path-dd- Jesse Pender . I work very hard, and I play very hard-dd- I’m grateful for life-dd- And I live it – I believe life loves the lover of it-dd- I live it-dd- Maya Angelou . Work without love is slavery-dd- Mother Teresa . There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony-dd- There is time for work-dd- And time for love-dd- That leaves no other time-dd- Coco Chanel . Work like you don’t need the money-dd- Love like you’ve never been hurt-dd- Dance like nobody’s watching-dd- Satchel Paige . Success is no accident-dd- It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do-dd- Pele . Where there is love, there is pain-dd- Spanish proverb . I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love-dd- Mother Teresa . If you risk love, you risk sadness and frustration-dd- But who says life was all about having fun all the time-qq- Maxime Lagacé . Perhaps you’ll fail-dd- Perhaps it will hurt-dd- Perhaps you’ll be depressed-dd- But it will be worth it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Have you ever been in love-qq- Horrible isn’t it-qq- It makes you so vulnerable-dd- It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up-dd- Neil Gaiman . Love is only half the illusion; the lover, but not his love, is deceived-dd- George Santayana . Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other-dd- Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then-dd- Katharine Hepburn . You give them a piece of you-dd- They don’t ask for it-dd- They do something dumb one day like kiss you, or smile at you, and then your life isn’t your own anymore-dd- Love takes hostages-dd- It gets inside you-dd- It eats you out and leaves you crying in the darkness, so a simple phrase like ‘maybe we should just be friends’ or ‘how very perceptive’ turns into a glass splinter working its way into your heart-dd- It hurts-dd- Not just in the imagination-dd- Not just in the mind-dd- It’s a soul-hurt, a body-hurt, a real gets-inside-you-and-rips-you-apart pain-dd- I hate love-dd- Neil Gaiman . Years of love have been forgot, in the hatred of a minute-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present-dd- Barbara De Angelis . Hatred is increased by being reciprocated, and can on the other hand be destroyed by love-dd- Hatred which is completely vanquished by love, passes into love; and love is thereupon greater, than if hatred had not preceded it-dd- Baruch Spinoza . Where love rules, there is no will to power; and where power predominates, there love is lacking-dd- The one is the shadow of the other-dd- Carl Jung . One does not love a place the less for having suffered in it unless it has all been suffering, nothing but suffering-dd- Jane Austen . Indifference is the strongest force in the universe-dd- It makes everything it touches meaningless-dd- Love and hate don’t stand a chance against it-dd- Joan D-dd- Vinge . Love never dies a natural death-dd- It dies because we don’t know how to replenish its source-dd- It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals-dd- It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings-dd- Anais Nin . The face of a lover is an unknown, precisely because it is invested with so much of oneself-dd- It is a mystery, containing, like all mysteries, the possibility of torment-dd- James Baldwin . To be loved for what one is, is the greatest exception-dd- The great majority love in others only what they lend him, their own selves, their version of him-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Forgiveness is the fragrance that the violet sheds on the heel that has crushed it-dd- Mark Twain . Forgiveness is not an occasional act, it is a constant attitude-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Resentment is like drinking poison and then hoping it will kill your enemies-dd- Nelson Mandela . Learn the lesson and move on-dd- Holding a grudge is like playing with fire: you’ll burn yourself eventually-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The first person you should forgive is yourself-dd- Give yourself a break and remember that from moment to moment, you’re simply doing your best-dd- Maxime Lagacé . We are told that people stay in love because of chemistry, or because they remain intrigued with each other, because of many kindnesses, because of luck-dd- But part of it has got to be forgiveness and gratefulness-dd- Ellen Goodman . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The degree of loving is measured by the degree of giving-dd- Edwin Louis Cole . The sage said, ‘The best thing is not to hate anyone, only to love-dd- That is the only way out of it-dd- As soon as you have forgiven those whom you hate, you have gotten rid of them-dd- Then you have no reason to hate them; you just forget-dd- Hazrat Inayat Khan . Experience is how life catches up with us and teaches us to love and forgive each other-dd- Judy Collins . A life lived without forgiveness is a life lived in the past-dd- Asa Don Brown . A happy marriage is the union of two good forgivers-dd- Robert Quillen . To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you-dd- Louis B-dd- Smedes . The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward-dd- Steve Maraboli . He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love-dd- There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us-dd- When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Forgiveness is an act of the will, and the will can function regardless of the temperature of the heart-dd- Corrie ten Boom . Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit-dd- Peter Ustinov . Always forgive your enemies – nothing annoys them so much-dd- Oscar Wilde . One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory-dd- Rita Mae Brown . To err is human, to forgive, divine-dd- Alexander Pope . Love is the only gold-dd- Alfred Lord Tennyson . Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition-dd- Alexander Smith . Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself-dd- Andre Breton . Love is boundary-less-dd- Angel Haze . True love is knowing a person’s faults, and loving them even more for them-dd- Unknown . Love is friendship that has caught fire-dd- It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving-dd- It is loyalty through good and bad times-dd- It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses-dd- Ann Landers . Love is like any other luxury-dd- You have no right to it unless you can afford it-dd- Anthony Trollope . Love is the most terrible, and also the most generous of the passions; it is the only one which includes in its dreams the happiness of someone else-dd- Alphonse Karr . Love is simply the name for the desire and the pursuit of the whole-dd- Aristophanes . Love is the beauty of the soul-dd- Augustine of Hippo . This day, I vow to myself to love myself, to treat myself as someone I love truly and deeply – in my thoughts, my actions, the choices I make, the experiences I have, each moment I am conscious, I make the decision “I love myself”-dd- Kamal Ravikant . 