Respect yourself and others will respect you-dd- Confucius . Little people are indifferent-dd- Superior people are caring-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Respect for ourselves guides our morals; respect for others guides our manners-dd- Laurence Sterne . Respect is one of the greatest expressions of love-dd- Miguel Angel Ruiz . Respect is how to treat everyone-dd- Richard Branson . Respect is appreciation of the separateness of the other person, of the ways in which he or she is unique-dd- Annie Gottlieb . Respect a man, he will do the more-dd- James Howell . They cannot take away our self-respect if we do not give it to them-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . If we lose love and self-respect for each other, this is how we finally die-dd- Maya Angelou . We are all equal in the fact that we are all different-dd- We are all the same in the fact that we will never be the same-dd- We are united by the reality that all colours and all cultures are distinct and individual-dd- We are harmonious in the reality that we are all held to this earth by the same gravity-dd- We don’t share blood, but we share the air that keeps us alive-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university-dd- Albert Einstein . Respecting someone indicate the quality of your personality-dd- Mohammad Rishad Sakhi . You can’t force someone to respect you, but you can refuse to be disrespected-dd- (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him-dd- William Lyon Phelps . I cannot conceive of a greater loss than the loss of one’s self-respect-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . There can be no failure to a man who has not lost his courage, his character, his self respect, or his self-confidence-dd- He is still a King-dd- Orison Swett Marden . He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . Respect for the truth comes close to being the basis for all morality-dd- Frank Herbert . Have a big enough heart to love unconditionally, and a broad enough mind to embrace the differences that make each of us unique-dd- D-dd-B-dd- Harrop . What women want is what men want-dd- They want respect-dd- Marilyn vos Savant . I must respect the opinions of others even if I disagree with them-dd- Herbert H-dd- Lehman . Every human being, of whatever origin, of whatever station, deserves respect-dd- We must each respect others even as we respect ourselves-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . If you want to be respected by others, the great thing is to respect yourself-dd- Only by that, only by self-respect will you compel others to respect you-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . A man who pays respect to the great paves the way for his own greatness-dd- African proverb . Show respect to all people, but grovel to none-dd- Tecumseh . Respect for the fragility and importance of an individual life is still the mark of an educated man-dd- Norman Cousins . The secret of a happy life is respect-dd- Respect for yourself and respect for others-dd- Ayad Akhtar . At first, they’ll only dislike what you say, but the more correct you start sounding the more they’ll dislike you-dd- Criss Jami . One of the most sincere forms of respect is actually listening to what another has to say-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . Respect begins with this attitude: I acknowledge that you are a creature of extreme worth-dd- Gary Chapman . When I look at a person, I see a person – not a rank, not a class, not a title-dd- Criss Jami (This is one of my favorite respect quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . A person’s a person, no matter how small-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel-dd- Maya Angelou . Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone; but if someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery-dd- Malcolm X . To the living we owe respect, but to the dead we owe only the truth-dd- Voltaire . Men have to do some awfully mean things to keep up their respectability-dd- George Bernard Shaw . We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . An individual who breaks a law that conscience tells him is unjust, and who willingly accepts the penalty of imprisonment in order to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice, is in reality expressing the highest respect for the law-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If you once forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem-dd- It is true that you may fool all of the people some of the time; you can even fool some of the people all of the time; but you can’t fool all of the people all of the time-dd- Abraham Lincoln . If you treat people right they will treat you right… ninety percent of the time-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Unthinking respect for authority is the greatest enemy of truth-dd- Albert Einstein . Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized-dd- Albert Einstein . No one can make you feel inferior without your consent-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Self-respect knows no considerations-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . We do not covet anything from any nation except their respect-dd- Winston Churchill . If you have ten thousand regulations you destroy all respect for the law-dd- Winston Churchill . You should respect each other and refrain from disputes; you should not, like water and oil, repel each other, but should, like milk and water, mingle together-dd- Buddha . Only those who respect the personality of others can be of real use to them-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Without feelings of respect, what is there to distinguish men from beasts-qq- Confucius . Respect the burden-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Make improvements, not excuses-dd- Seek respect, not attention-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . The respect of others is important-dd- Self-respect is vital-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Treat everyone with respect and kindness-dd- Period-dd- No exceptions-dd- Kiana Tom . Respect yourself above all-dd- Pythagoras . A lack of boundaries invites a lack of respect-dd- Unknown . Respect starts with yourself-dd- Unknown . Respect me and I’ll respect you-dd- Simple-dd- Unknown . Manners cost nothing-dd- Unknown . The goal is not to be liked, it’s to be respected-dd- Unknown . Men are respectable only as they respect-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . My love is unconditional-dd- My trust, my respect are not-dd- Unknown . You can’t force a person to show you respect but you can refuse to be disrespected-dd- Unknown . Do we not realize that self respect comes with self reliance-qq- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . I respect the man who knows distinctly what he wishes-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Being brilliant is no great feat if you respect nothing-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . If we are not free, no one will respect us-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . Respect yourself, respect your own inner voice and follow it-dd- Osho . I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself-dd- I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing-dd- Michel de Montaigne . When I approach a child, he inspires in me two sentiments; tenderness for what he is, and respect for what he may become-dd- Louis Pasteur . No man who is occupied in doing a very difficult thing, and doing it very well, ever loses his self-respect-dd- George Bernard Shaw . The more you know and respect yourself, the more impact you will have on people around you-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his own eyes-dd- What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks of himself-dd- To undermine a man’s self-respect is a sin-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . It may be important to great thinkers to examine the world, to explain and despise it-dd- But I think it is only important to love the world, not to despise it, not for us to hate each other, but to be able to regard the world and ourselves and all beings with love, admiration and respect-dd- Hermann Hesse . The greatest wisdom is in simplicity-dd- Love, respect, tolerance, sharing, gratitude, forgiveness-dd- It’s not complex or elaborate-dd- The real knowledge is free-dd- It’s encoded in your DNA-dd- All you need is within you-dd- Great teachers have said that from the beginning-dd- Find your heart, and you will find your way-dd- Carlos Barrios . We must respect the other fellow’s religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . Give to every other human being every right that you claim for yourself-dd- Thomas Paine . In order to exist, man must rebel, but rebellion must respect the limits that it discovers in itself – limits where minds meet, and in meeting, begin to exist-dd- Albert Camus . Self-respect is the fruit of discipline; the sense of dignity grows with the ability to say no to oneself-dd- Abraham Joshua Heschel . Respect your fellow human being, treat them fairly, disagree with them honestly, enjoy their friendship, explore your thoughts about one another candidly, work together for a common goal and help one another achieve it-dd- Bill Bradley . You should show some respect for what other people see and feel, even though it be the exact opposite of what you see and feel-dd- Luigi Pirandello . It is my theory that when the people can outwit the leader, the more respected their voices will be-dd- Criss Jami . Deeply respecting yourself is the first step toward having a deep respect for others-dd- Amy Leigh Mercree . Be more humble than a blade of grass, more tolerant than a tree, always offering respect onto others and never expecting any in return-dd- Chaitanya Mahaprabhu . Attitude is a choice-dd- Happiness is a choice-dd- Optimism is a choice-dd- Kindness is a choice-dd- Giving is a choice-dd- Respect is a choice-dd- Whatever choice you make makes you-dd- Choose wisely-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received-dd- It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters-dd- Amit Ray . Set the standard-xx- Stop expecting others to show you love, acceptance, commitment, & respect when you don’t even show that to yourself-dd- Steve Maraboli . I have great respect for the past-dd- If you don’t know where you’ve come from, you don’t know where you’re going-dd- I have respect for the past, but I’m a person of the moment-dd- I’m here, and I do my best to be completely centered at the place I’m at, then I go forward to the next place-dd- Maya Angelou . Respect your efforts, respect yourself-dd- Self-respect leads to self-discipline-dd- When you have both firmly under your belt, that’s real power-dd- Clint Eastwood . Don’t yell at people-dd- Stand up for what’s right-dd- Put yourself in the other persons place-dd- Greg Proops . I am fond of pigs-dd- Dogs look up to us-dd- Cats look down on us-dd- Pigs treat us as equals-dd- Winston Churchill . We can really respect a man only if he doesn’t always look out for himself-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . In order to acquire a growing and lasting respect in society, it is a good thing, if you possess great talent, to give, early in your youth, a very hard kick to the right shin of the society that you love-dd- After that, be a snob-dd- Salvador Dali . I get no respect-dd- The way my luck is running, if I was a politician I would be honest-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . With my wife I don’t get no respect-dd- I made a toast on her birthday to ‘the best woman a man ever had-dd-’ The waiter joined me-dd- Rodney Dangerfield . So live that you wouldn’t be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip-dd- Will Rogers . I’m not upset that you lied to me, I’m upset that from now on I can’t believe you-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . It is not grey hair that makes one respectable but character-dd- Rana Junaid Mustafa Gohar . He who wants a rose must respect her thorn-dd- Andre Gide . Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear-dd- Albert Camus . Since when was genius found respectable-qq- Elizabeth Barrett Browning . This is how you start to get respect, by offering something that you have-dd- Mitch Albom . Caring for your idea and executing it is without a doubt the most important important act of self-respect-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Proper respect to others is the most prudent rule of directing the measure of reverence due to ourselves-dd- Norman MacDonald . When people do not respect us we are sharply offended; yet deep down in his private heart no man much respects himself-dd- Mark Twain . Every vice was once a virtue, and may become respectable again, just as hatred becomes respectable in wartime-dd- Will Durant . Whatever games are played with us, we must play no games with ourselves-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Whatever you have forgotten, you can remember-dd- Whatever you have buried you can unearth-dd- If you are willing to look deep into your own nature, if you are willing to peel away the layers of not-self you have adopted in making your way through the tribulations of life, you will find that your true self is not as far removed as you think-dd- Meredith Jordan . Patriotism… is a superstition artificially created and maintained through a network of lies and falsehoods; a superstition that robs man of his self-respect and dignity, and increases his arrogance and conceit-dd- Emma Goldman . Tolerance isn’t about not having beliefs-dd- It’s about how your beliefs lead you to treat people who disagree with you-dd- Timothy J-dd- Keller . What is objectionable, what is dangerous about extremists is not that they are extreme, but that they are intolerant-dd- The evil is not what they say about their cause, but what they say about their opponents-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . Non-cooperation is a measure of discipline and sacrifice, and it demands respect for the opposite views-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Happiness is no respecter of persons-dd- Stephen Fry . Respect commands itself and it can neither be given nor withheld when it is due-dd- Eldridge Cleaver . Whoever despises himself nonetheless respects himself as one who despises-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure-dd- Malcolm X . You can’t respect yourself if you’re afraid to be who you are-dd- Amber Heard . Never take a person’s dignity: it is worth everything to them, and nothing to you-dd- Frank Barron . The more things a man is ashamed of, the more respectable he is-dd- George Bernard Shaw . We owe respect to the living; to the dead we owe only truth-dd- Voltaire . Awe and respect are two different things-dd- Oliver Reed . “I was wrong”, builds more respect than “I told you so”-dd- Dan Rockwell . As we grow as unique persons, we learn to respect the uniqueness of others-dd- Robert Schuller . Respect is a two-way street, if you want to get it, you’ve got to give it-dd- R-dd-G-dd- Risch . Realize that you yourself are imperfect and flawed and you’ll be more forgiving and respectful of others-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The best way to sell yourself to others is first to sell the others to yourself-dd- Napoleon Hill . People crave for more respect than love, because they expect love only from few people but they want respect from everyone-dd- Amit Kalantri . We cannot expect people to have respect for law and order until we teach respect to those we have entrusted to enforce those laws-dd- Hunter S-dd- Thompson . Respect is what we owe; love, what we give-dd- Philip James Bailey . The art of conversation is the art of hearing as well as of being heard-dd- William Hazlitt . I firmly believe that respect is a lot more important, and a lot greater, than popularity-dd- Julius Erving . If we can’t laugh at ourselves, do we have the right to laugh at others-qq- C-dd-H-dd- Hamel . The right to be respected is won by respecting others-dd- Vasyl Sukhomlynsky . What withdraws, what becomes scarce, suddenly seems to deserve our respect and honor-dd- What stays too long, inundating us with its presence, makes us disdain it-dd- Robert Greene . If I despised myself, it would be no compensation if everyone saluted me, and if I respect myself, it does not trouble me if others hold me lightly-dd- Max Nordau . There is no respect for others without humility in one’s self-dd- Henri Frederic Amiel . Never respect men merely for their riches, but rather for their philanthropy; we do not value the sun for its height, but for its use-dd- Gamaliel Bailey . The only true disability is the inability to accept and respect differences-dd- Unknown . Respecting others’ opinions doesn’t mean being untrue to our own-dd- P-dd- M-dd- Forni . Tolerance only for those who agree with you is no tolerance at all-dd- Ray Davis . Be faithful to that which exists within yourself-dd- Andre Gide . Do not commit to any side or cause but yourself-dd- Robert Greene . Act as if what you do makes a difference-dd- It does-dd- William James . Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are-dd- Marilyn Monroe . I started living the day I learned to respect and accept myself completely-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to a point that he cannot distinguish the truth within him, or around him, and so loses all respect for himself and for others-dd- And having no respect he ceases to love-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . We do not believe in ourselves until someone reveals that deep inside us is valuable, worth listening to, worthy of our trust, sacred to our touch-dd- Once we believe in ourselves we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight or any experience that reveals the human spirit-dd- E-dd- E-dd- Cummings . I long, as does every human being, to be at home wherever I find myself-dd- Maya Angelou . The worst loneliness is to not be comfortable with yourself-dd- Mark Twain . In my day, we didn’t have self-esteem, we had self-respect, and no more of it than we had earned-dd- Jane Haddam . The most terrifying thing is to accept oneself completely-dd- Carl Gustav Jung . The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence-dd- Frederick Douglass . Without self knowledge, without understanding the working and functions of his machine, man cannot be free, he cannot govern himself and he will always remain a slave-dd- G-dd-I-dd- Gurdjieff . I think the most important thing in life is self-love, because if you don’t have self-love, and respect for everything about your own body, your own soul, your own capsule, then how can you have an authentic relationship with anyone else-qq- Shailene Woodley . If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too-dd- If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others-dd- Anne Morrow Lindbergh . If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away-dd- John Steinbeck . Above all, don’t lie to yourself-dd- Fyodor Dostoyevsky . We are all something, but none of us are everything-dd- Blaise Pascal . And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same-dd- As we are liberated from our fear, our presence automatically liberates others-dd- Marianne Williamson . To value his own good opinion, a child has to feel that he is a worthwhile person-dd- He has to have confidence in himself as an individual-dd- Sidonie Gruenberg . What we do matters to us-dd- Work may not be the most important thing in our lives or the only thing-dd- We may work because we must, but we still want to love, to feel pride in, to respect ourselves for what we do and to make a difference-dd- To value his own good opinion, a child has to feel that he is a worthwhile person-dd- He has to have confidence in himself as an individual-dd- Sara Ann Friedman . To safeguard democracy the people must have a keen sense of independence, self-respect, and their oneness-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . You will never gain anyone’s approval by begging for it-dd- When you stand confident in your own worth, respect follows-dd- Mandy Hale . If someone in your life talked to you the way you talk to yourself, you would have left them long ago-dd- Carla Gordon . Perhaps the most important thing we can undertake toward the reduction of fear is to make it easier for people to accept themselves, to like themselves-dd- Bonaro W-dd- Overstreet . Train yourself to take nothing personally-dd- Robert Greene . As we grow as unique persons, we learn to respect the uniqueness of others-dd- Robert Schuller . I believe that God wants us to show respect-dd- Victoria Osteen . Life is short, and we should respect every moment of it-dd- Orhan Pamuk . Civilization is a method of living, an attitude of equal respect for all men-dd- Jane Addams . Enjoying the joys of others and suffering with them – these are the best guides for men-dd- Albert Einstein . In the last analysis, everyone is a human being, whether he is an American or a German, a Jew or a Gentile-dd- If it were possible to hold only this worthy point of view, I would be a happy man-dd- Albert Einstein . You and I should stop more often to appreciate all the beauty around us-dd- We are mere visitors on this planet, not the owner of it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Be kind, don’t judge, and have respect for others-dd- If we can all do this, the world would be a better place-dd- The point is to teach this to the next generation-dd- Jasmine Guinness . It is my goal to love everyone-dd- I hate no one-dd- Regardless of their race, religion, their proclivities, the desire of their heart and how they want to live their life and the decisions that they make-dd- I can even respect people’s decisions and lifestyle choices just as I hope they have the courtesy to respect my decisions and my choices-dd- Kirk Cameron . Trying so hard to please people can actually end up pushing them away – it is hard to respect someone who has such an ingratiating attitude-dd- Robert Greene . The supreme belief of our society is the dignity and freedom of the individual-dd- To the respect of that dignity, to the defense of that freedom, all effort is pledged-dd- Dwight Eisenhower . The life of the individual has meaning only insofar as it aids in making the life of every living thing nobler and more beautiful-dd- Albert Einstein . The great thing in the world is not so much to seek happiness as to earn peace and self-respect-dd- Thomas Huxley . I’m not concerned with your liking or disliking me… All I ask is that you respect me as a human being-dd- Jackie Robinson . Tolerance implies a respect for another person, not because he is wrong or even because he is right, but because he is human-dd- John Cogley . It is the duty of every cultured man or woman to read sympathetically the scriptures of the world-dd- If we are to respect others’ religions as we would have them respect our own, a friendly study of the world’s religions is a sacred duty-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The American city should be a collection of communities where every member has a right to belong-dd- It should be a place where every man feels safe on his streets and in the house of his friends-dd- It should be a place where each individual’s dignity and self-respect is strengthened by the respect and affection of his neighbors-dd- It should be a place where each of us can find the satisfaction and warmth which comes from being a member of the community of man-dd- This is what man sought at the dawn of civilization-dd- It is what we seek today-dd- Lyndon B-dd- Johnson . The essence of democracy is its assurance that every human being should so respect himself and should be so respected in his own personality that he should have opportunity equal to that of every other human being to show what he was meant to become-dd- Anna Garlin Spencer . Our ability to respect others is the true mark of our humanity-dd- Respect for other people is the essence of human rights-dd- Unknown . Respect the man, but not the behavior-dd- You can have respect for someone, even if you don’t respect everything they do-dd- Anderson Silva . How would your life be different if you stopped making negative judgemental assumptions about people you encounter-qq- Let today be the day…You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey-dd- Steve Maraboli . Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you-dd- Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . It’s okay to disagree with the thoughts or opinions expressed by other people-dd- That doesn’t give you the right to deny any sense they might make-dd- Nor does it give you a right to accuse someone of poorly expressing their beliefs just because you don’t like what they are saying-dd- Learn to recognize good writing when you read it, even if it means overcoming your pride and opening your mind beyond what is comfortable-dd- Ashly Lorenzana . Never judge someone by the way he looks or a book by the way it’s covered; for inside those tattered pages, there’s a lot to be discovered-dd- Stephen Cosgrove . If we can respect the divine within us, if we can treat it with dignity, then we can respect others around us-dd- Vishwas Chavan . A human being is not to be handled as a tool but is to be respected and revered-dd- Felix Adler . Man can find meaning in life, short and perilous as it is, only through devoting himself to society-dd- Albert Einstein . Honor and respect all religions equally-dd- Sri Sathya Sai Baba . Always respect another’s opinion and another’s point of view-dd- Sri Sathya Sai Baba . Be modest, be respectful of others, try to understand-dd- Lakhdar Brahimi . When you practice gratefulness, there is a sense of respect toward others-dd- Dalai Lama . A man must learn to understand the motives of human beings, their illusions, and their sufferings in order to acquire a proper relationship to individual fellow-men and to the community-dd- Albert Einstein . Don’t be that egocentric narcissist who is so focused on his goals that forget that other are, too, people-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The capacity for getting along with our neighbor depends to a large extent on the capacity for getting along with ourselves-dd- The self-respecting individual will try to be as tolerant of his neighbor’s shortcomings as he is of his own-dd- Eric Hoffer . Be a warrior when it comes to delivering on your ambitions-dd- And a saint when it comes to treating people with respect, modeling generosity, and showing up with outright love-dd- Robin S-dd- Sharma . I don’t care if you’re black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian, short, tall, fat, skinny, rich or poor-dd- If you’re nice to me, I’ll be nice to you-dd- Simple as that-dd- Robert Michaels . We must express ourselves in ways that demonstrate our respect for others-dd- Stephen Carter . I respect people and expect that kind of respect back-dd- Dennis Franz . Once you take care of people, people respect you-dd- George Weah . Politeness is a sign of dignity, not subservience-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . There is overwhelming evidence that the higher the level of self-esteem, the more likely one will be to treat others with respect, kindness, and generosity-dd- Nathaniel Branden . Respect requires empathy, the capacity to anticipate and understand the feelings of others-dd- It requires consideration-dd- Deborah Norville . The key is to learn to respect and honor the complications of other people’s lives-dd- Goldie Hawn . When we show our respect for other living things, they respond with respect for us-dd- Arapaho proverb . It’s not at all hard to understand a person; it’s only hard to listen without bias-dd- Criss Jami . Respect is earned, not given-dd- Unknown (wisdomquotes-dd-com believes that respect can be given too) . Treat others with respect and others will respect you-dd- Anthony Douglas Williams . You can demand courtesy but you have to earn respect-dd- Lawrence Goldstone . Some people will work hard to impress others-dd- What’s truly impressive is doing work for its own sake, for the love of it-dd- That’s the way to earn lasting respect-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Respect is earned-dd- Honesty is appreciated-dd- Trust is gained-dd- Loyalty is returned-dd- Unknown . Nothing of real worth can ever be bought-dd- Love, friendship, honour, valour, respect-dd- All these things have to be earned-dd- David Gemmell . Treat people the way you want to be treated-dd- Talk to people the way you want to be talked to-dd- Respect is earned, not given-dd- Hussein Nishah . Respect is for those who deserve it, not for those who demand it-dd- Unknown . My approach is that you have to earn the respect of people you work with-dd- Mark Pincus . Love is honesty-dd- Love is a mutual respect for one another-dd- Simone Elkeles . Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be-dd- Leo Tolstoy . I don’t need someone perfect-dd- I need someone who loves me, respects me, cares for me, understands me-dd- Unknown . If you truly want to be respected by people you love, you must prove to them that you can survive without them-dd- Michael Bassey Johnson . The truest form of love is how you behave toward someone, not how you feel about them-dd- Steve Hall . I’d rather be respected than loved-dd- Eli Broad . Caring, loving, listening, waiting, understanding and respecting are all synonyms-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I don’t want to be liked-dd- I want to be respected-dd- Jack Ma (Alibaba) . Respected, I almost want to be revered, that’s what I’m chasing-dd- Shia LaBeouf . I want to be very close to someone I respect and admire and have somebody who feels the same way about me-dd- Richard Bach . Love is about mutual respect, apart from attraction-dd- George Best . I respect a woman too much to marry her-dd- Sylvester Stallone . He who loves others is constantly loved by them-dd- He who respects others is constantly respected by them-dd- Mencius . Love is where you find it-dd- I think it is foolish to go around looking for it, and I think it can be poisonous-dd- I wish that people who are conventionally supposed to love each other would say to each other, when they fight, ‘Please, a little less love, and a little more common decency’-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Submission is not about authority and it is not obedience; it is all about relationships of love and respect-dd- William Paul Young . The moment you allow yourself to be treated like anyone else, it is too late – you are swallowed and digested-dd- Robert Greene . Every good relationship, especially marriage, is based on respect-dd- If it’s not based on respect, nothing that appears to be good will last very long-dd- Amy Grant . a great relationship is about two things-dd- First, appreciating the similarities, and second, respecting the differences-dd- Unknown . I can be hurt only by people I respect-dd- Mary Balogh . I could never love where I could not respect-dd- Charlotte Elizabeth . Respect is one of the most important things you can teach a child-dd- C-dd- Pulsifer . Another important aspect of our home was respect for ideas-dd- Robert B-dd- Laughlin . The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s life-dd- Richard Bach . A child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone-dd- Billy Graham . If you can’t teach but one thing, teach respect-dd- It’s the art of making space for others, consideration, appreciation and civility-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Respect the child-dd- Wait and see the new product of Nature-dd- Nature loves analogies, but not repetitions-dd- Respect the child-dd- Be not too much his parent-dd- Trespass not on his solitude-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Indeed, nothing is more critically connected to happiness—both our own and that of our children—than how well we love and support one another within the family-dd- M-dd- Russell Ballard . Wherever I look, I see signs of the commandment to honor one’s parents and nowhere of a commandment that calls for the respect of a child-dd- Alice Miller . A wise mother knows: It is her state of consciousness that matters-dd- Her gentleness and clarity command respect-dd- Her love creates security-dd- Vimala McClure . The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege-dd- Charles Kuralt . We respect our elders-dd- There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel-dd- Marcia Fudge . Happiness abounds when there is genuine respect one for another-dd- Wives draw closer to their husbands, and husbands are more appreciative of their wives, and children are happy, as children are meant to be-dd- Thomas S-dd- Monson . I hope that the noise of our homes will drop a few decibels, that we will subdue our voices and speak to one another with greater appreciation and respect-dd- Gordon B-dd- Hinckley . I have never bought into the idea that blood is thicker than water-dd- Love and respect are meant to be earned from our children, our spouses, our families, and our friends-dd- Raquel Cepeda . Where did we ever get the crazy idea that in order to make children do better, first we have to make them feel worse-qq- Think of the last time you felt humiliated or treated unfairly-dd- Did you feel like cooperating or doing better-qq- Jane Nelson . When we love and respect people, revealing to them their value, they can begin to come out from behind the walls that protect them-dd- Jean Vanier . I was always taught to respect my elders and I’ve now reached the age when I don’t have anybody to respect-dd- George Burns . I believe that the greatest gift you can give your family and the world is a healthy you-dd- Joyce Meyer . Family means no one gets left behind or forgotten-dd- David Ogden Stiers . We don’t have to like each other-dd- We just need to respect each other-dd- Izey Victoria Odiase . In true friendship, there’s bonding because of similarities and respect because of differences-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The biggest ingredient in a best friend is someone whose actions you respect and who you can truly be yourself around-dd- Renee Olstead . Where there’s no mutual respect, there’s trouble-dd- Dizzy Gillespie . Friendship should be surrounded with ceremonies and respects, and not crushed into corners-dd- Friendship requires more time than poor busy men can usually command-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Respect has nothing to do with who is right and who is wrong-dd- It has to do with allowing space for someone else’s opinion-dd- Jackie Viramontez . We are sun and moon, dear friend; we are sea and land-dd- It is not our purpose to become each other; it is to recognize each other, to learn to see the other and honor him for what he is: each the other’s opposite and complement-dd- Hermann Hesse . No boundary or barrier surrounds the heart of a person that loves their self and others-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Trust is earned, respect is given and loyalty is demonstrated-dd- Betrayal of any one of those is to lose all three-dd- Unknown . If by my life or death I can protect you, I will-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . True friends are those who came into your life, saw the most negative part of you, but are not ready to leave you, no matter how contagious you are to them-dd- Michael Bassey Johnson . Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles-dd- Confucius . Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none-dd- William Shakespeare . Mutual respect-xx- That’s what it takes to be friends-dd- Hugo Chavez . I respect those that tell the truth, no matter how hard it is-dd- Unknown . Warriors respect each other-dd- They give dignity to each other either in a win or in a defeat-dd- Avijeet Das . Freedom goes hand-in-hand with mutual respect-dd- Kay Rala Xanana Gusmao . It is mutual respect which makes friendship lasting-dd- John Henry Newman . Give yourself permission to change your world and others around you, in a positive way, with love and respect-dd- Tasha Hoggatt . The most special relationships, in my experience, are based on a combination of trust and mutual respect-dd- Charles Kennedy . If we would build on a sure foundation in friendship, we must love our friends for their sakes rather than for our own-dd- Charlotte Brontë . Mutual respect is the foundation of genuine harmony-dd- Dalai Lama . The need of the moment is not one religion, but mutual respect and tolerance of the devotees of the different religions-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Most good relationships are built on mutual trust and respect-dd- Mona Sutphen . I don’t trust people who don’t love themselves and tell me, ‘I love you-dd-’ There is an African saying which is: Be careful when a naked person offers you a shirt-dd- Maya Angelou . A man who doesn’t trust himself can never really trust anyone else-dd- Cardinal De Retz . Respect for the rights of others means peace-dd- Benito Juarez . The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Disrespect is the weapon of the weak-dd- Alice Miller . Respect at the cost of others is disrespect in effect-dd- Muhammad Tariq Majeed . One of the best response to disrespect toward yourself is indifference-dd- Maxime Lagacé . People are drawn to those who expect a lot out of life, whereas they tend to disrespect those who are fearful and undemanding-dd- Robert Greene . If you do not respect your own wishes, no one else will-dd- You will simply attract people who disrespect you as much as you do-dd- Vironika Tugaleva . Shame, blame, disrespect, betrayal, and the withholding of affection damage the roots from which love grows-dd- Love can only survive these injuries if they are acknowledged, healed and rare-dd- Brené Brown . Show respect even to people who don’t deserve it; not as a reflection of their character, but a reflection of yours-dd- Unknown . There can be disagreement without disrespect-dd- Unknown . Those who disrespect you with their mouth don’t deserve your ear-dd- Curtis Tyrone Jones . What goes around, comes around-dd- Willie Nelson . Familiarity breeds contempt-dd- Aesop . Distance yourself from people who: Lie to you-dd- Disrespect you-dd- Use you-dd- Put you down-dd- Unknown . Preservation of one’s own culture does not require contempt or disrespect for other cultures-dd- Cesar Chavez . Don’t let people disrespect you-dd- My mom says don’t open the door to the devil-dd- Surround yourself with positive people-dd- Cuba Gooding Jr . There’s not enough time to be disrespecting… Life is too short-dd- Mary J-dd- Blige . Instead of respecting things, we want to use them for ourselves and if it is difficult to use them, we want to conquer them-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . A man who goes into a restaurant and blatantly disrespects the servers shows a strong discontent with his own being-dd- Deep down he knows that restaurant service is the closest thing he will ever experience to being served like a king-dd- Criss Jami . Renunciation is dropping the fear, anger, respect, and disrespect but continuously radiating unconditional love for everyone-dd- Amit Ray . Disrespect for life is a direct reflection of violating the laws of the kingdom of love-dd- Sunday Adelaja . Respect depicts acceptance while disrespect is rejection-dd- Fawad Afzal Khan . I believe in a lively disrespect for most forms of authority-dd- Rita Mae Brown . In the end, those who demean others only disrespect themselves-dd- D-dd-B-dd- Harrop . A man should never neglect his family for business-dd- Walt Disney . Goodness and hard work are rewarded with respect-dd- Luther Campbell . The colleagues I respect the most are not the best talkers but the ones who care the most-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Acting with speed will garner you respect, awe, and irresistible momentum-dd- Robert Greene . Football is like life – it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority-dd- Vince Lombardi . When you have that respect from your teammates, it makes it a lot more comfortable-dd- LeBron James . Leaders who win the respect of others are the ones who deliver more than they promise, not the ones who promise more than they can deliver-dd- Mark A-dd- Clement . If you don’t feel respected, you won’t be engaged in your work-dd- Linda Hill . It is well to respect the leader-dd- Learn from him-dd- Observe him-dd- Study him-dd- But don’t worship him-dd- Believe you can surpass-dd- Believe you can go beyond-dd- Those who harbor the second-best attitude are invariably second-best doers-dd- David Joseph Schwartz . I have more respect for a man who lets me know where he stands, even if he’s wrong, than the one who comes up like an angel and is nothing but a devil-dd- Malcolm X . Humans are ambitious and rational and proud-dd- And we don’t fall in line with people who don’t respect us and who we don’t believe have our best interests at heart-dd- We are willing to follow leaders, but only to the extent that we believe they call on our best, not our worst-dd- Rachel Maddow . It is so much easier to be nice, to be respectful, to put yourself in your customers’ shoes and try to understand how you might help them before they ask for help, than it is to try to mend a broken customer relationship-dd- Mark Cuban . If you don’t stand for something, how can anyone respect what you do-qq- Miranda Lambert . Honest communication is built on truth and integrity and upon respect of the one for the other-dd- Benjamin E-dd- Mays . What you need is sustained outrage…there’s far too much unthinking respect given to authority-dd- Molly Ivins . Where the people possess no authority, their rights obtain no respect-dd- George Bancroft . Respect and fear are two different things-dd- Jane Smiley . The whole concept of treating people with dignity and respect is a concept that isn’t a business concept, it’s a life concept-dd- It’s who you are at the end of the day-dd- Greg Brenneman . Openness, respect, integrity – these are principles that need to underpin pretty much every other decision that you make-dd- Justin Trudeau . I have a great respect for incremental improvement, and I’ve done that sort of thing in my life, but I’ve always been attracted to the more revolutionary changes-dd- I don’t know why-dd- Because they’re harder-dd- They’re much more stressful emotionally-dd- Steve Jobs . If you don’t realize there is always someone who knows how to do something better than you, then you don’t give proper respect for others’ talents-dd- Hortense Canady . Respect other people regardless of the level they are at… or the level you are at-dd- When you hand out respect, you get it back-dd- Erik Estrada . Probably no greater honor can come to any man than the respect of his colleagues-dd- Cary Grant . And as you wish that others would do to you, do so to them-dd- Luke 6:31 . Honor everyone-dd- Love the brotherhood-dd- Fear God-dd- Honor the emperor-dd- Peter 2:17 . So in everything, do to others what you would have them do to you, for this sums up the Law and the Prophets-dd- Matthew 7:12 . Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit-dd- Rather, in humility value others above yourselves-dd- Philippians 2:3 . In everything set them an example by doing what is good-dd- In your teaching show integrity, seriousness-dd- Titus 2:7 . Even as I try to please everyone in every way-dd- For I am not seeking my own good but the good of many, so that they may be saved-dd- Corinthians 10:33 . Be devoted to one another in love-dd- Honor one another above yourselves-dd- Romans 12:10 . So the last will be first, and the first last-dd- Matthew 20:16 . Now we ask you, brothers and sisters, to acknowledge those who work hard among you, who care for you in the Lord and who admonish you-dd- Hold them in the highest regard in love because of their work-dd- Live in peace with each other-dd- Thessalonians 5:12-13 . Children, obey your parents in the Lord, for this is right-dd- “Honor your father and mother” – which is the first commandment with a promise – so that it may go well with you and that you may enjoy long life on the earth-dd- Ephesians 6:1-3 . Husbands, love your wives, as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her-dd- Ephesians 5:25 . He who oppresses the poor taunts his Maker, but he who is gracious to the needy honors Him-dd- Proverbs 14:31 . For the wrongdoer will be paid back for the wrong he has done, and there is no partiality-dd- Colossians 3:25 . To be one, to be united is a great thing-dd- But to respect the right to be different is maybe even greater-dd- Bono . 