A great man is always willing to be little-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Humility will open more doors than arrogance ever will-dd- Zig Ziglar . True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing-dd- Socrates . Mastery begins with humility-dd- Robin Sharma . Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world-dd- Miyamoto Musashi . Every person that you meet knows something you don’t; learn from them-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown Jr . We come nearest to the great when we are great in humility-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it-dd- Criss Jami . Never look down on anybody unless you’re helping them up-dd- Jesse Jackson . To lead the people, walk behind them-dd- Lao Tzu . Pride makes us artificial and humility makes us real-dd- Thomas Merton . The only wisdom we can hope to acquire is the wisdom of humility-dd- T-dd-S-dd- Eliot . It was pride that changed angels into devils; it is humility that makes men as angels-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Perfection is impossible without humility-dd- Why should I strive for perfection, if I am already good enough-qq- Leo Tolstoy . Humility, that low, sweet root, from which all heavenly virtues shoot-dd- Thomas Moore . Humility is not thinking less of yourself, it’s thinking of yourself less-dd- C-dd- S-dd- Lewis . If you are humble nothing will touch you, neither praise nor disgrace, because you know what you are-dd- Mother Teresa . Sometimes you have to lose something to gain something better-dd- A door has to shut before a new door can open-dd- Joel Osteen . Don’t seek praise-dd- Let your effort speak for itself-dd- Unknown . Humility is the proper estimate of oneself-dd- Charles Spurgeon . I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance-dd- Diogenes . Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame-dd- Alexander Pope . I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university-dd- Albert Einstein . The young wants massive confidence-dd- The wise avoids it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . There’s no need to show off when you know who you are-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Two things define you-dd- Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything-dd- Imam Ali . Grateful yet ambitious-dd- Wordly yet wise-dd- Strong yet loving-dd- Robin Sharma . Pride is the problem, humility is the answer-dd- Joyce Meyer . We are all stumblers, and the beauty and meaning of life are in the stumbling-dd- David Brooks . I have three precious things which I hold fast and prize-dd- The first is gentleness; the second is frugality; the third is humility, which keeps me from putting myself before others-dd- Be gentle and you can be bold; be frugal and you can be liberal; avoid putting yourself before others and you can become a leader among men-dd- Lao Tzu . Humility is the solid foundation of all virtues-dd- Confucius . Perhaps wisdom…is realizing how small I am, and unwise, and how far I have yet to go-dd- Anthony Bourdain . The best of people is the one who humbles himself the more his rank increases-dd- Prophet Muhammad . Humility is nothing but truth, and pride is nothing but lying-dd- Saint Vincent de Paul . In reality, humility means nothing other than complete honesty about yourself-dd- William Countryman . People search for certainty-dd- But there is no certainty-dd- Richard P-dd- Feynman . To share your weakness is to make yourself vulnerable; to make yourself vulnerable is to show your strength-dd- Criss Jami (This is one of my favorite humility quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Humility is the surest sign of strength-dd- Thomas Merton . Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Humility is the key to moral excellence-dd- It is the noblest quality a person can possess-dd- […] It is the mother of all possibilities-dd- Venerable Master Hsin Yun . True humility does not know that it is humble-dd- If it did, it would be proud from the contemplation of so fine a virtue-dd- Martin Luther . Humility is the greatest quality that a man can have, and arrogance is undoubtedly the worst-dd- Maulana W-dd- Khan . Humility is the essence of love and intelligence; it is not an achievement-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Humility is the most beautiful virtue that we can develop-dd- Joyce Meyer . Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Religion is to do right-dd- It is to love, it is to serve, it is to think, it is to be humble-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong-dd- Albert Einstein . Success is a lousy teacher-dd- It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self-dd- Ernest Hemingway . It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit-dd- Harry S-dd- Truman (33rd U-dd-S-dd- President) . Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it-dd- Colin Powell . It is unwise to be too sure of one’s own wisdom-dd- It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . These are the few ways we can practice humility: To speak as little as possible of one’s self-dd- To mind one’s own business-dd- Not to want to manage other people’s affairs-dd- To avoid curiosity-dd- To accept contradictions and correction cheerfully-dd- To pass over the mistakes of others-dd- To accept insults and injuries-dd- To accept being slighted, forgotten and disliked-dd- To be kind and gentle even under provocation-dd- Never to stand on one’s dignity-dd- To choose always the hardest-dd- Mother Teresa . What are the things that you can’t see that are important-qq- I would say justice, truth, humility, service, compassion, love-dd- You can’t see any of those, but they’re the guiding lights of a life-dd- Jimmy Carter (39th U-dd-S-dd- President) . Who is more humble-qq- The scientist who looks at the universe with an open mind and accepts whatever the universe has to teach us, or somebody who says everything in this book must be considered the literal truth and never mind the fallibility of all the human beings involved-qq- Carl Sagan . Do you wish people to think well of you-qq- Don’t speak well of yourself-dd- Blaise Pascal . Nobody has ever expected me to be president-dd- In my poor, lean lank face nobody has ever seen that any cabbages were sprouting-dd- Abraham Lincoln (16th U-dd-S-dd- President) . I have been driven many times upon my knees by the overwhelming conviction that I had no where else to go-dd- My own wisdom and that of all about me seemed insufficient for that day-dd- Abraham Lincoln . If you’re not humble, life will visit humbleness upon you-dd- Mike Tyson . I truly believe we are all equal as human beings-dd- Conor McGregor . I hear my friends and my mom tell me I’m special, but honestly, I still don’t get it-dd- LeBron James . Everybody can be great…because anybody can serve-dd- You don’t have to have a college degree to serve-dd- You don’t have to make your subject and verb agree to serve-dd- You only need a heart full of grace-dd- A soul generated by love-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Humility, like the darkness, reveals the heavenly lights-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The world tells us to seek success, power and money; God tells us to seek humility, service and love-dd- Pope Francis . There is a universal respect and even admiration for those who are humble and simple by nature, and who have absolute confidence in all human beings irrespective of their social status-dd- Nelson Mandela . Accept everything which happens, even if it seem disagreeable, because it leads to this, the health of the universe-dd- Marcus Aurelius . A true genius admits that he/she knows nothing-dd- Albert Einstein . Blushing is the color of virtue-dd- Diogenes . It takes a big person to do something small-dd- Joel Osteen . For me, someone who brags is a red flag-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Humility is absolutely necessary for true learning-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Never curse a fall-dd- The ground is where humility lives-dd- Yasmin Mogahed . Without humility there can be no humanity-dd- John Buchan . Learn to laugh at yourselves as one must laugh-xx- Friedrich Nietzsche . The soul is healed by being with children-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . Humility is not a trait I often associate with America-dd- Mira Nair . The greatest patience is humility-dd- Atiśa Dīpa kara Śrījñāna . Work hard, stay humble-dd- . Arrogance repels-dd- Humility inspires-dd- Robin Sharma . Humility wins-dd- Love conquers-dd- Robin Sharma . Greatness loves gratitude-dd- Robin Sharma . Modesty is a lubricant for unpleasant intrusions-dd- Norman Mailer . He who tries to shine dims his own light-dd- Lao Tzu . True humility is contentment-dd- Henri Frederic Amiel . If I only had a little humility, I’d be perfect-dd- Ted Turner . Nobody stands taller than those willing to stand corrected-dd- William Safire . There is beauty and humility in imperfection-dd- Guillermo del Toro . If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else-dd- Booker T-dd- Washington . Be humble, hungry and the hardest worker in the room-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . Think good thoughts-dd- Speak good words-dd- Take good actions-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Amateurs put blinders and miss opportunities-dd- Professionals stay humble and learn the lessons-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Stand in utter humility at the sight of your true potential for mastery-dd- Robin Sharma . In humility is the greatest freedom-dd- As long as you have to defend the imaginary self that you think is important, you lose your peace of heart-dd- Thomas Merton . The greatest friend of truth is time, her greatest enemy is prejudice, and her constant companion is humility-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Real genius is nothing else but the supernatural virtue of humility in the domain of thought-dd- Simone Weil . I believe the first test of a truly great man is in his humility-dd- John Ruskin . The struggles we endure today will be the ‘good old days’ we laugh about tomorrow-dd- Aaron Lauritsen . Do you wish to be great-qq- Then begin by being-dd- Do you desire to construct a vast and lofty fabric-qq- Think first about the foundations of humility-dd- The higher your structure is to be, the deeper must be its foundation-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Do you wish to rise-qq- Begin by descending-dd- You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds-qq- Lay first the foundation of humility-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Humility, gentleness, and helpfulness go so much further and open doors you cannot imagine-dd- Ann Tran . Talent means nothing, while experience, acquired in humility and with hard work, means everything-dd- Patrick Süskind . I long to accomplish a great and noble tasks, but it is my chief duty to accomplish humble tasks as though they were great and noble-dd- The world is moved along, not only by the mighty shoves of its heroes, but also by the aggregate of the tiny pushes of each honest worker-dd- Helen Keller . It is a wholesome and necessary thing for us to turn again to the earth and in the contemplation of her beauties to know of wonder and humility-dd- Rachel Carson . Never, ‘for the sake of peace and quiet,’ deny your own experience or convictions-dd- Dag Hammarskjold . Pride must die in you, or nothing of heaven can live in you-dd- Andrew Murray . Stay true in the dark and humble in the spotlight-dd- Harold B-dd- Lee . On the highest throne in the world, we still sit only on our own bottom-dd- Michel de Montaigne . I have nothing to declare except my genius-dd- Oscar Wilde . Don’t accept your dog’s admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful-dd- Ann Landers . If I had to name my greatest strength, I guess it would be my humility-dd- Greatest weakness, it’s possible that I’m a little too awesome-dd- Barack Obama . There are two kinds of egotists: Those who admit it, and the rest of us-dd- Laurence J-dd- Peter . Just remember, when someone has an accent, it means that he knows one more language than you do-dd- Sidney Sheldon . Who knows himself a braggart, let him fear this, for it will come to pass that every braggart shall be found an ass-dd- William Shakespeare . If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, “He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would not have mentioned these alone-dd- Epictetus . I want to establish that I’m a “dumb shit” who doesn’t know much relative to what I need to know-dd- Ray Dalio (American billionaire investor and philanthropist) . Whenever the world throws rose petals at you, which thrill and seduce the ego, beware-dd- The cosmic banana peel is suddenly going to appear underfoot to make sure you don’t take it all too seriously, that you don’t fill up on junk food-dd- Anne Lamott . I don’t want to see you-dd- I don’t like you-dd- I don’t like your face-dd- You look like an insufferable egotist-dd- You’re impertinent-dd- You’re too sure of yourself-dd- Ayn Rand . Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example-dd- Mark Twain . Early in life I had to choose between honest arrogance and hypocritical humility-dd- I chose honest arrogance and have seen no occasion to change-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . If your sentence starts with “I could be wrong”, it’s a good sign you should shut your mouth or ask a question-dd- Shane Parrish . I shall not commit the fashionable stupidity of regarding everything I cannot explain as a fraud-dd- Carl Jung . A lot of people think that to be a motherfucker is to be a person who is the dominant figure-dd- But I actually think that true motherfuckerhood … really has to do with being humble-dd- Cheryl Strayed . Flattery is all right so long as you don’t inhale-dd- Adlai Stevenson . Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you-dd- Carl Jung . Don’t talk about yourself; it will be done when you leave-dd- Wilson Mizner . Even when it speaks, humility listens-dd- Thomas Merton . You are not a drop in the ocean-dd- You are the entire ocean in a drop-dd- Rumi . There is no birth of consciousness without pain-dd- Carl Jung . Be silent and listen: have you recognized your madness and do you admit it-qq- Carl Jung . In humility and honesty you’ll find pain, envy and fear but you’ll also find strength, beauty and truth-dd- Maxime Lagacé . True humility is when you can surprise yourself more than others; the rest is either shyness or good marketing-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Something beautiful can happen to people when their world falls apart: humility, nobility and wisdom emerge just when our knees hit the floor-dd- Marianne Williamson . Those who are believed to be most abject and humble are usually the most ambitious and envious-dd- Baruch Spinoza . There are only two kinds of men: the righteous who think they are sinners and the sinners who think they are righteous-dd- Blaise Pascal . All streams flow to the sea because it is lower than they are-dd- Humility gives it its power-dd- Lao Tzu . Confidence is important but ego is something false-dd- Humility is the way to build confidence-dd- Frank Shamrock . Realize that you are simultaneously everything and nothing – and decide what you want to be-dd- Ray Dalio (Life principle 1-dd-5d in his book Principles) . Life is a mirror and will reflect back to the thinker what he thinks into it-dd- Ernest Holmes . Humility is the most difficult of all virtues to achieve; nothing dies harder than the desire to think well of oneself-dd- T-dd-S-dd- Eliot . You must be humble, but never “modest”-dd- Paulo Coelho . The tyrant dies and his rule is over, the martyr dies and his rule begins-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . The truth is a trap: you cannot get it without it getting you; you cannot get the truth by capturing it, only by its capturing you-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . The measure of who we are is how we react to something that does not go our way-dd- Gregg Popovich . You are going to die-dd- Shay Carl . Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose-dd- You are already naked-dd- There is no reason not to follow your heart-dd- Steve Jobs . Often the problem turns out to be you-dd- Shane Parrish . Two possibilities exist: either we are alone in the Universe or we are not-dd- Both are equally terrifying-dd- Arthur C-dd- Clarke . The idea that some lives matter less is the root of all that is wrong with the world-dd- Dr-dd- Paul Farmer . Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Men fight for liberty and win it with hard knocks-dd- Their children, brought up easy, let it slip away again, poor fools-dd- And their grandchildren are once more slaves-dd- D-dd- H-dd- Lawrence . I maintain that Truth is a pathless land, and you cannot approach it by any path whatsoever, by any religion, by any sect-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . It is the desire for success that prevents humility; and without humility how can there be understanding-qq- Jiddu Krishnamurti . I’ve done what I could, let those who can do better-dd- Alexander Solzhenitsyn . The point is urgency-dd- Appreciation-dd- Humility-dd- The present moment-dd- Ryan Holiday . Reminding ourselves each day that we will die, helps us treat our time as a gift-dd- Ryan Holiday . The soft overcomes the hard-dd- The slow overcomes the fast-dd- Lao Tzu . The greatest wisdom consists in knowing one’s own follies-dd- Madeleine De Souvre Sable . The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes-dd- Winston Churchill . To live free is to live in humility: you don’t pretend, you don’t show off-dd- You are simply you-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Talent is God given-dd- Be humble-dd- Fame is man-given-dd- Be grateful-dd- Conceit is self-given-dd- Be careful-dd- John Wooden . To be old and wise, you must first have to be young and stupid-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . I am wiser than this man, for neither of us appears to know anything great and good; but he fancies he knows something, although he knows nothing; whereas I, as I do not know anything, so I do not fancy I do-dd- Socrates . A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Audacity gets you to shoot for big goals and humility gives you the open-mindedness to take in the best thinking available to you to get you to those goals-dd- Ray Dalio . What if, for starters, instead of constantly trying to prove how much smarter we are than others, we look for the intelligence in what others do-dd- Neil Strauss . Humility is clearer-eyed than ego — and that’s important because humility always works harder than ego-dd- Ryan Holiday . The faculty to think objectively is reason; the emotional attitude behind reason is that of humility-dd- Erich Fromm . We’re all the stars of our own movies, but cutting back on the number of Do you know who I am-qq- thoughts made my life infinitely smoother-dd- Dan Harris . My opponent is my teacher-dd- My ego is my enemy-dd- Renzo Gracie . It is not who is right, but what is right, that is of importance-dd- Thomas Huxley . We can’t bring anything to us unless we are grateful for what we already have-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Humility requires discipline of the tongue-dd- Joyce Meyer . Be like the bamboo the higher you grow the deeper you bow-dd- Chinese proverb . Everyone praises their own work (or possession), no matter how inferior it is-dd- Russian proverb . Self praise is no recommendation-dd- Romanian proverb . Chickens don’t praise their own soup-dd- Martinican proverb . Spoil not an act of kindness by speaking of it-dd- Proverb . To a person who has true humility, words are vows-dd- Filipino proverb . Even if you believe you are right, consider the possibility that you could be wrong-dd- Joyce Meyer . No one may pride himself at being more than an individual, and no one despondently think that he is not an individual-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . Be careful, ever so careful, in trumpeting your own achievements, and always talk less about yourself than about other people-dd- Modesty is generally preferable-dd- Robert Greene . We have to allow ourselves to realize that we are complete fools; otherwise, we have nowhere to begin-dd- Chögyam Trungpa . Some ask if lowering one’s pride is conceding defeat-dd- I think not-dd- Humility is a sign of inner strength and wisdom-dd- Haemin Sunim . Pride is concerned with who is right while humility is concerned with what is right-dd- Ezra Taft Benson . Humility, like gratitude, is not so much a technique as it is a way of life-dd- Ed Latimore . Keep your head up in failure, and your head down in success-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . The higher we are placed, the more humbly we should walk-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . The less people speak of their greatness, the more we think of it-dd- Francis Bacon . You won’t learn if you think you already know everything-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . If you stay humble, you stay open-dd- If you stay open, you keep learning-dd- If you keep learning, it means you are growing-dd- It means you’re living-dd- Maxime Lagacé . To be humble to superiors is duty, to equals courtesy, to inferiors nobleness-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Greatness is not found in possessions, power, position, or prestige-dd- It is discovered in goodness, humility, service and character-dd- William Arthur Ward . My desire for knowledge is intermittent, but my desire to bathe my head in atmospheres unknown to my feet is perennial and constant-dd- Henry David Thoreau . “Thank you” – two words that have the most unfathomable power to transform your life-dd- Say thank you to everyone you meet today-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Humility is perfect quietness of heart-dd- It is to expect nothing, to wonder at nothing that is done to me, to feel nothing done against me-dd- It is to be at rest when nobody praises me, and when I am blamed or despised-dd- Andrew Murray . In essence, you are neither inferior nor superior to anyone-dd- True self-esteem and true humility arise out of that realization-dd- In the eyes of the ego, self-esteem and humility are contradictory-dd- In truth, they are one and the same-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Self-praise is for losers-dd- Be a winner-dd- Stand for something-dd- Always have class, and be humble-dd- John Madden . We have to humble ourselves and the way you do that is by serving other people-dd- Tim Tebow . Being humble takes more courage than hauling arrogance-dd- Desmond Fouche . The humblest is the greatest-dd- To display humility isn’t weak-dd- It’s strong and sure and brave-dd- Robin Sharma . Humbleness is a sign of bigness – never weakness-dd- Robin Sharma . Simplicity is the trademark of genius-dd- Robin Sharma . Humility leads to strength and not to weakness-dd- It is the highest form of self-respect to admit mistakes and to make amends for them-dd- John J-dd- McCloy . Humility and simplicity help us better than anything else to acquire the right frame of mind to grow towards perfection-dd- Abbe de Tourville . Selflessness is humility-dd- Humility and freedom go hand in hand-dd- Only a humble person can be free-dd- Jeff Wilson . There is something in humility which, strangely enough, exalts the heart, and something in pride which debases it-dd- Augustine of Hippo . True humility is staying teachable, regardless of how much you already know-dd- Unknown . He who truly knows has no occasion to shout-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Be smart, but never show it-dd- Louis B Mayer . The first product of self-knowledge is humility-dd- Flannery O’Connor . If humility does not precede all that we do, our efforts are fruitless-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Minimizing your achievements doesn’t do anyone any good-dd- Own your success-dd- Amy Morin . Don’t build a wall of lies around yourself-dd- Have the honesty and courage to accept your vulnerability and you’ll flow through life-dd- Maxime Lagacé . It’s much easier on the emotions when one sees life as an experiment rather than a struggle for popularity-dd- Criss Jami . The challenges we face in life can often be our greatest gifts with the right perspective-dd- Tony Robbins . Losing is a learning experience-dd- It teaches you humility-dd- It teaches you to work harder-dd- It’s also a powerful motivator-dd- Yogi Berra . You are very smart and have a lot of knowledge, but don’t let that knowledge hold you back-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . With courage you will dare to take risks, have the strength to be compassionate, and the wisdom to be humble-dd- Courage is the foundation of integrity-dd- Keshavan Nair . Look closely at your life: you have received and continue to receive so much each and every day-dd- There is really so much to give thanks for-xx- Rhonda Byrne . Happiness is the shortcut to anything you want in your life-dd- If you can just manage to feel and be happy now, the rest will come-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts-dd- Mark Twain . Humility isn’t denying your strengths; it’s being honest about your weaknesses-dd- Rick Warren . To learn which questions are unanswerable, and not to answer them: this skill is most needful in times of stress and darkness-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . If you had not suffered as you have, there would be no depth to you, no humility, no compassion-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Humility of heart is the first step to salvation-dd- Zac Poonen . Until you have suffered much in your heart, you cannot learn humility-dd- Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica . Without patience, there can be no genius-dd- Robin Sharma . When we stop taking risks, we stop living life-dd- Robin Sharma . Failure is fuel for success-dd- If you choose so-dd- Robin Sharma . If pain doesn’t lead to humility, you have wasted your suffering-dd- Katerina Stoykova Klemer . Any kind of encounter with adversity or limitation, at any age, can serve as the crucible for forging the attitude of fearlessness-dd- Robert Greene . The more I see of the world and the more people I meet, the less certain I become about who I am and what sense there is to life-dd- Keenu Reeves . A humble man is not afraid of failure-dd- In fact, he is not afraid of anything, even himself-dd- Thomas Merton . Humility is the foundation for every good attitude-dd- Joyce Meyer . Life is full of troubles-dd- Endure them well-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Humility and patience are the surest proofs of the increase of love-dd- John Wesley . Compassion is one of the purest springs of love-dd- Anne Truitt . Loving and caring for someone shows humility, but most of all, strength-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Meekness and humility are two of the most beautiful aspects of love-dd- Joyce Meyer . Giving a compliment doesn’t cost anything-dd- It’s just one great way to encourage those around you today-dd- Joyce Meyer . Humility is throwing oneself away in complete concentration on something or someone else-dd- Madeleine L’Engle . Whoever loves becomes humble-dd- Those who love have , so to speak , pawned a part of their narcissism-dd- Sigmund Freud . Self-reflection starts with humility-dd- It’s the way we begin to get better and strengthen each and every relationship-dd- Todd Davis . Every one is worthy of love, except him who thinks that he is-dd- Love is a sacrament that should be taken kneeling-dd- Oscar Wilde . The healing is in the humility-dd- Not in getting even or holding a grudge-dd- Joel Osteen . The obedience is what brings the blessing-dd- The way to be obedient is to walk in humility-dd- Joel Osteen . You don’t have to tell people what they’re doing wrong-dd- They already know-dd- Just love them-dd- Let your life be your message-dd- Joel Osteen . Don’t put yourself down just to avoid criticism, to please others, or to show your “kindness”-dd- The world needs light, not mediocrity-dd- Paulo Coelho . When you wake up to the new day today, before you move, before you do a single thing, say the magic words, thank you-dd- Rhonda Byrne (The Secret) . Gratitude eliminates fear, worry, grief, and depression, and brings happiness, kindness, compassion, understanding, and peace of mind-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Every time you feel grateful you are giving love, and whatever you give, you receive-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Treat yourself with love and respect, and you will attract people who show you love and respect-dd- Rhonda Byrne . As you grow up, always tell the truth, do no harm to others, and don’t think you are the most important being on earth-dd- Rich or poor, you then can look anyone in the eye and say, “I’m probably no better than you, but I’m certainly your equal”-dd- Harper Lee . Love, is the honoring of others in a way that grants them the grace of their own autonomy and allows mutual discovery-dd- Anne Truitt . Humility is not one virtue among others, but an attitude by which we stand on the ground alongside things-dd- From this position we can be reconciled with all things and begin a truly cosmic democracy-dd- Leonardo Boff . When you are listening to somebody, completely, attentively, then you are listening not only to the words, but also to the feeling of what is being conveyed, to the whole of it, not part of it-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . If we could see the whole truth of any situation, our only response would be one of compassion-dd- Mingyur Rinpoche . There is hardly any activity, any enterprise, which is started with such tremendous hopes and expectations, and yet, which fails so regularly, as love-dd- Erich Fromm . Love, being dependent on the relative absence of narcissism, requires the development of humility, objectivity and reason-dd- Erich Fromm . “Thank you” is the best prayer that anyone could say-dd- I say that one a lot-dd- Thank you expresses extreme gratitude, humility, understanding-dd- Alice Walker . To be humble is to be great-dd- To be loving is to become heroic-dd- Robin Sharma . Only humility knows how to appreciate and admire the good qualities of others-dd- Sri Chinmoy . There is no respect for others without humility in one’s self-dd- Henri Frederic Amiel . Pride hopes to impress; humility seeks to bless-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . The proud man can learn humility, but he will be proud of it-dd- Mignon McLaughlin . Arrogance is the easiest and most futile way to feel good about yourself because you feel superior to others-dd- Humility is the hardest but surest way to feel good about yourself because it shows care for others-dd- By caring for others, you care for yourself-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Humility is the key to growth-dd- If you think you know it all you’re wrong and will be forever stuck where you are-dd- Confidence, not arrogance, is what we should all be after-dd- Brad Stulberg . Success leads to the greatest failure, which is pride-dd- Failure leads to the greatest success, which is humility and learning-dd- David Brooks . Ego clouds the mind precisely when it needs to be clear-dd- Ryan Holiday . Ego is the enemy-dd- Ryan Holiday . The arrogant make fun of others-dd-The humble make fun of themselves-dd- Rick Warren . Pride makes us more certain and closed-minded than we should be-dd- David Brooks . In the eyes of the ego, self-esteem and humility are contradictory-dd- In truth, they are one and the same-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . People that put themselves above others will fall longer and harder-dd- Gina Lindley . Pride is pleasure arising from a man’s thinking too highly of himself-dd- Baruch Spinoza . There are two things that men should never weary of, goodness and humility; we get none too much of them in this rough world among cold, proud people-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . Ego is hugely dangerous in this sport, because if you’re running on ego you aren’t running on good clean emotions or cause and effect-dd- You bypass it to support a false idea-dd- It’s all garbage, the ego is garbage-dd- Frank Shamrock . The great corrupter of public man is the ego-dd- Looking at the mirror distracts one’s attention from the problem-dd- Dean Acheson . Ego says ‘I can do no wrong’, whereas confidence says “I can get this right”-dd- Confidence says “I’m valuable” while ego says “I’m invaluable”-dd- Todd Henry . Don’t let pride hold you back-dd- The new beginning is in your humility-dd- Joel Osteen . You can have no greater sign of confirmed pride than when you think you are humble enough-dd- William Law . Throughout my life I’ve observed how important it is to cast off all forms of arrogance and cultivate humility-dd- Dr-dd- Wolfgang Porsche . Whether you have a Maruti or a BMW, the road remains the same-dd- Whether you travel economy class or business, your destination doesn’t change-dd- Whether you have a Titan or a Rolex, the time is the same-dd- There is nothing wrong in dreaming a luxurious life-dd- What needs to be taken care of is not let need become greed-dd- Because needs can always be met, but greed can never be fulfilled-dd- Rajinikanth . Hold back your mind from pride, for pride comes only from ignorance-dd- The man who does not know thinks that he is great, that he has done this or that great thing; the wise man knows that only God is great, that all good work is done by God alone-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Humility is a call to see our common-ness, our humanity, indeed, a clarion call to give up the selfishness at the root of all sin-dd- Humility, understood in terms we have been considering, may well be the ‘cure’ for the alienation of our age-dd- Bonnie Thurston . Egotism sucks us down like the law of gravity-dd- Cyril Connolly . Proud people breed sad sorrows for themselves-dd- Emily Brontë . Never make this mistake of thinking that you elevate yourself by humiliating people-dd- Robert Greene . There is nothing more intoxicating than victory, and nothing more dangerous-dd- Robert Greene . No one reaches the kingdom of Heaven except by humility-dd- Augustine of Hippo . Better to give than to receive-dd- Acts 20:35 . Whoever exalts himself will be humbled, and whoever humbles himself will be exalted-dd- Matthew 23:12 . No one is respected unless he is humble; arrogant people are on the way to ruin-dd- Proverbs 18:12 . Before his downfall a man’s heart is proud, but humility comes before honor-dd- Proverbs 18:12 . The reward for humility and fear of the Lord is riches and honor and life-dd- Proverbs 22:4 . Do nothing from selfish ambition or conceit, but in humility count others more significant than yourselves-dd- Let each of you look not only to his own interests, but also to the interests of others-dd- Philippians 2:3 . If you are wise and understand God’s ways, prove it by living an honorable life, doing good works with the humility that comes from wisdom-dd- James 3:13 . Don’t be misled — you cannot mock the justice of God-dd- You will always harvest what you plant-dd- Galatians 6:7 . It is that habitual quality whereby we live in the truth of things: the truth that we are creatures and not the Creator… the truth that in our littleness we have been given extravagant dignity-dd- Robert F-dd- Morneau . A truly humble person doesn’t engage in self-depreciation – they appreciate all their amazing talents and abilities and recognize they are gifts from God-dd- Joyce Meyer . The common man prays, ‘I want a cookie right now-xx-’ And God responds, ‘If you’d listen to what I say, tomorrow it will bring you 100 cookies-dd- Criss Jami . The more humble and obedient to God a man is, the more wise and at peace he will be in all that he does-dd- Thomas à Kempis . In perfect humility all selfishness disappears and your soul no longer lives for itself or in itself for God: and it is lost and submerged in Him and transformed into Him-dd- Thomas Merton . God gives us things to share, God doesn’t give us things to hold-dd- Mother Teresa . Humility is the key to wonder-dd- As humility grows, wonder deepens-dd- You will see yourself as a temporary expression of God’s infinite and timeless unfolding-dd- Aware of your impermanence, you become brother and sister to all life-dd- You realize the common fate of all beings and find in that realization a compassion that embraces all beings-dd- Rami Shapiro . I am persuaded that love and humility are the highest attainments in the school of Christ and the brightest evidences that He is indeed our Master-dd- John Newton . Truly, I say to you, unless you turn and become like children, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven-dd- Whoever humbles himself like this child is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven-dd- Matthew 18:3-4 . Jealousy says, “God, you owe me”-dd- Andy Stanley . Plenty of people wish to become devout, but no one wishes to be humble-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . We are all apprentices in a craft where no one ever becomes a master-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The person who has gained a strong opinion is not free-dd- Shane Parrish . To learn, go in the uncomfortable zone-dd- To go in this zone, you must be willing to fail-dd- To fail and try again, you must be indifferent to failing-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Learning isn’t acquiring knowledge so much as it is trimming information that has already been acquired-dd- Criss Jami . The barrier during self-improvement is not so much that we hate learning, rather we hate being taught-dd- To learn entails that the knowledge was achieved on one’s own accord – it feels great – but to be taught often leaves a feeling of inferiority-dd- Thus it takes a bit of determination and a lot of humility in order for one to fully develop-dd- Criss Jami . With too much pride a man cannot learn a thing-dd- In and of itself, learning teaches you how foolish you are-dd- Criss Jami . A man should never be ashamed to own that he has been in the wrong, which is but saying in other words that he is wiser today than he was yesterday-dd- Alexander Pope . We are in the position of a little child entering a huge library filled with books in many languages-dd- Albert Einstein . Learning is the very essence of humility, learning from everything and from everybody-dd- There is no hierarchy in learning-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . It is an attitude of great hubris to be unwilling to learn-dd- It shows that you think you already know what you need to know-dd- An eagerness to learn from anyone and everyone signifies humility and intelligence-dd- The Ancient Sage . Humility is the doorway to truth and clarity of objectives… it’s the doorway to learning-dd- Wynton Marsalis . Learning-dd- To believe you are magnificent-dd- And gradually to discover that you are not magnificent-dd- Enough labor for one human life-dd- Czesław Miłosz . If you don’t look back on yourself and think, “Wow how stupid I was a year ago,” then you must not have learned much in the last year-dd- Ray Dalio . If you’re going to reach your highest potential, you have to humble yourself and do things you don’t understand-dd- It takes humility to be the bigger person-dd- Joel Osteen . Humility is the first step towards learning-dd- You can’t learn until you are humble enough to realize there is something for you to learn-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Successful people ask questions-dd- They seek new teachers-dd- They’re always learning-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . There is nothing wrong with appearing to be a fool, if what you are doing is in fact intelligent-dd- Paulo Coelho . No pain that we suffer, no trial that we experience is wasted-dd- It ministers to our education, to the development of such qualities as patience, faith, fortitude and humility-dd- Orson F-dd- Whitney . Your ego can become an obstacle to your work-dd- If you start believing in your greatness, it is the death of your creativity-dd- Marina Abramovic . Fight your own pride and ego and be open-minded and always learning new techniques, new things from anyone-dd- Sam Sheridan . No learning without humility-dd- No growth without pain-dd- No reward without risk-dd- No change without loss-dd- Embrace-dd- Endure-dd- The Stoic Emperor . An intelligent person is never afraid or ashamed to find errors in their understanding of things-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . The moment I learned a lot, I realized how little I knew-dd- Robin Sharma . What makes masters is that they think like beginners-dd- Robin Sharma . Your thinking creates your world-dd- Your performance causes your impact-dd- And your devotion to learning shapes the depht of your legacy-dd- Robin Sharma . Life teaches us through errors-dd- When we accept the lesson from our mistake with humility and gratitude, we grow that much more-dd- Haemin Sunim . A scientist is never certain-dd- […] We absolutely must leave room for doubt or there is no progress and there is no learning-dd- Richard P-dd- Feynman . There is no learning without having to pose a question-dd- And a question requires doubt-dd- Richard P-dd- Feynman . To learn requires a sense of humility-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . To negate the ego you must adopt a kind of humility toward knowledge-dd- Robert Greene . If you want to govern the people, you must place yourself below them-dd- Lao Tzu . It is not titles that honor men, but men that honor titles-dd- Niccolò Machiavelli . Will you be willing to push really hard-qq- Will you try again-qq- And again-qq- Will you give more than you take-qq- Maxime Lagacé . Success doesn’t matter if you can’t keep your humility-dd- Mel Robbins . Let your work speak for you, and then just keep working-dd- Mel Robbins . Intellectual humility is a critical trait for would-be founders, perhaps for anyone really ambitious-dd- Paul Graham . The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them-dd- Benjamin Jowett . Don’t confuse humility with meekness-dd- Humility is being open to the ideas of others-dd- Bob Gaylor . A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves-dd- Lao Tzu . Leadership is not a popularity contest-dd- it’s about leaving your ego at the door-dd- The name of the game is to lead without a title-dd- Robin Sharma . Great leaders don’t need to act tough-dd- Their confidence and humility serve to underscore their toughness-dd- Simon Sinek . Humility must accompany all our actions, must be with us everywhere; for as soon as we glory in our good works they are of no further value to our advancement in virtue-dd- Augustine Of Hippo . It is not for me to judge another man’s life-dd- I must judge, I must choose, I must spurn, purely for myself-dd- For myself, alone-dd- Herman Hesse . There are four dimensions to character: authenticity, self-management, humility, and courage-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Nobody likes working with a leader who is full of himself and works only for his own benefit-dd- People want to work with a leader who displays humility-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Great leaders are great listeners, who know their best asset is the people they work with-dd- Richard Branson . Humble people can do great things with uncommon perfection because they are no longer concerned about their own interests and their own reputation, and therefore they no longer need to waste their efforts in defending them-dd- Thomas Merton . I believe that the first test of a truly great man is his humility-dd- I don’t mean by humility, doubt of his power-dd- But really great men have a curious feeling that the greatness is not of them, but through them-dd- John Ruskin . To become servant leaders, executives need to take three steps: building relationships of trust, setting up win-win performance agreements, and then being a source of help-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . You cannot solve a problem with the same brain that caused the problem; first you must change your mindset-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Making mistakes isn’t enough to become great-dd- You must also admit the mistake, and then learn how to turn that mistake into an advantage-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . When in trouble, be humble, write down the mistakes you’ve made and why you made them, and then seek help from successful people in those fields-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Experience gained in mastering one domain will be valuable in mastering another, if you can retain the humility that allows you to tolerate being a beginner-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Being humble means recognizing that we are not on earth to see how important we can become, but to see how much difference we can make in the lives of others-dd- Gordon B-dd- Hinckley . Leaders must be willing to put the ship’s performance ahead of their egos-dd- Michael Abrashoff . Branding requires accountability-dd- To build a great personal brand (an eponymous one), you must take on the risk of being publicly wrong-dd- Naval Ravikant . Steve Jobs had a remarkable knack for letting go of things that didn’t work-dd- If you were in an argument with him, and you convinced him that you were right, he would instantly change his mind-dd- He didn’t hold on to an idea because he had once believed it to be brilliant-dd- His ego didn’t attach to the suggestions he made, even as he threw his full weight behind them-dd- Ed Catmull (Pixar) . Leadership is not a popularity contest; it’s about leaving your ego at the door-dd- The name of the game is to lead without a title-dd- Robin Sharma . Pride can make a leader a loser-dd- Humility is freedom from that destructive attitude-dd- Joyce Meyer . A business that makes nothing but money is a poor kind of business-dd- Henry Ford . Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time-dd- Thomas Merton . To the extent we behave with humility, to that extent good will result-dd- Ramana Maharshi . A proud man is always looking down on things and people; and, of course, as long as you are looking down, you cannot see something that is above you-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . 