It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . He who has health has hope; and he who has hope has everything-dd- Arabian proverb . Man needs difficulties; they are necessary for health-dd- Carl Jung . Keep your vitality-dd- A life without health is like a river without water-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Three things in life – your health, your mission, and the people you love-dd- That’s it-dd- Naval Ravikant . A fit body, a calm mind, a house full of love-dd- These things cannot be bought – they must be earned-dd- Naval Ravikant . True silence is the rest of the mind, and is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment-dd- William Penn . Happiness is the highest form of health-dd- Dalai Lama . The human body is the best picture of the human soul-dd- Tony Robbins . Doctors won’t make you healthy-dd- Nutritionists won’t make you slim-dd- Teachers won’t make you smart-dd- Gurus won’t make you calm-dd- Mentors won’t make you rich-dd- Trainers won’t make you fit-dd- Ultimately, you have to take responsibility-dd- Save yourself-dd- Naval Ravikant . The greatest wealth is health-dd- Virgil . Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food-dd- Hippocrates . You’re in pretty good shape for the shape you are in-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . When the heart is at ease, the body is healthy-dd- Chinese proverb . In a disordered mind, as in a disordered body, soundness of health is impossible-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Your health is what you make of it-dd- Everything you do and think either adds to the vitality, energy and spirit you possess or takes away from it-dd- Ann Wigmore . A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures in the doctor’s-dd- Irish proverb . Give a man health and a course to steer, and he’ll never stop to trouble about whether he’s happy or not-dd- George Bernard Shaw . The scientific truth may be put quite briefly; eat moderately, having an ordinary mixed diet, and don’t worry-dd- Robert Hutchison . Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Before healing others, heal yourself-dd- Gambian saying . I believe that the greatest gift you can give your family and the world is a healthy you-dd- Joyce Meyer . Moderation-dd- Small helpings-dd- Sample a little bit of everything-dd- These are the secrets of happiness and good health-dd- Julia Child . It is exercise alone that supports the spirits, and keeps the mind in vigor-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Nobody can be in good health if he does not have all the time fresh air, sunshine and good water-dd- Flying Hawk (Native American saying) . The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, not to worry about the future, or not to anticipate troubles, but to live in the present moment wisely and earnestly-dd- Buddha . Keeping your body healthy is an expression of gratitude to the whole cosmos – the trees, the clouds, everything-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Life is like a tree and its root is consciousness-dd- Therefore, once we tend the root, the tree as a whole will be healthy-dd- Deepak Chopra . True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it is lost-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Good humor is the health of the soul, sadness is its poison-dd- Philip Stanhope, 4th Earl of Chesterfield . A sad soul can kill you quicker than a germ-dd- John Steinbeck . Sickness – nature’s vengeance for violating her laws-dd- Charles Simmons . After dinner rest a while; after supper walk a mile-dd- T-dd- Cogan . In order to change we must be sick and tired of being sick and tired-dd- Unknown . You can’t enjoy wealth if you’re not in good health-dd- Unknown . The wish for healing has always been half of health-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . The greatest of follies is to sacrifice health for any other kind of happiness-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . What is called genius is the abundance of life and health-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Good health and good sense are two of life’s greatest blessings-dd- Publilius Syrus . Your body hears everything your mind says-dd- Naomi Judd (This is one of my favorite health quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Health consists with temperance alone-dd- Alexander Pope . Health is a relationship between you and your body-dd- Unknown . Health is a large word-dd- It embraces not the body only, but the mind and spirit as well; …and not today’s pain or pleasure alone, but the whole being and outlook of a man-dd- James H-dd- West . Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of year-dd- Franklin P-dd- Adams . Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship-dd- Buddha . Physical fitness is not only one of the most important keys to a healthy body, it is the basis of dynamic and creative intellectual activity-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . I have chosen to be happy because it is good for my health-dd- Voltaire . When a man is ill his very goodness is sickly-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . An apple a day keeps the doctor away-dd- Unknown . Eat to live, not live to eat-dd- Socrates . Health is the first muse, comprising the magical benefits of air, landscape, and bodily exercise on the mind-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I stand in awe of my body-dd- Henry David Thoreau . There is one consolation in being sick; and that is the possibility that you may recover to a better state than you were ever in before-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Our bodies are our gardens – our wills are our gardeners-dd- William Shakespeare . Prevention is better than cure-dd- Desiderius Erasmus . The biggest disease today is not leprosy or tuberculosis, but rather the feeling of being unwanted-dd- Mother Teresa . I am confident that nobody will accuse me of selfishness if I ask to spend time, while I am still in good health, with my family, my friends and also with myself-dd- Nelson Mandela . Money doesn’t mean anything to me-dd- I’ve made a lot of money, but I want to enjoy life and not stress myself building my bank account-dd- I give lots away and live simply, mostly out of a suitcase in hotels-dd- We all know that good health is much more important-dd- Keanu Reeves . Love is not as important as good health-dd- You cannot be in love if you’re not healthy-dd- You can’t appreciate it-dd- Bryan Cranston (Breaking Bad) . The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don’t want, drink what you don’t like, and do what you’d rather not-dd- Mark Twain . The really important thing is not to live, but to live well… and to live well means the same thing as to live honourably or rightly-dd- Socrates . The best doctors gives the least medicine-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Nothing is more fatal to health, than an over care of it-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Walking is the best possible exercise-dd- Habituate yourself to walk very far-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Our greatest happiness does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading-dd- I will rather say more necessary because health is worth more than learning-dd- Thomas Jefferson . The doctor of the future will give no medicines, but will interest his patients in the care of the human frame, in diet, and in the causes and prevention of disease-dd- Thomas Edison . Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have-dd- Winston Churchill . Water, air, and cleanness are the chief articles in my pharmacy-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Health is not valued until sickness comes-dd- Thomas Fuller . The first wealth is health-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Fresh air impoverishes the doctor-dd- Danish proverb . Health and intellect are the two blessings of life-dd- Menander . Well-being is enough wealth-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . Let your body be your holy temple-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . Garbage in garbage out-dd- George Fuechsel . Inhale-dd- Exhale-dd- Unknown . Keep going-dd- Unknown . Having a healthy mind is just as important as a healty body-dd- Unknown . Eat right, exercise regularly, die anyway-dd- Unknown . If you think wellness is expensive, try illness-dd- Unknown . An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure-dd- Unknown . Your health is an investment, not an expense-dd- Unknown . A man grows most tired while standing still-dd- Chinese proverb . If you would live long, open your heart-dd- Bulgarian saying . There are some remedies worse than the disease-dd- Publilius Syrus . Health and cheerfulness are brothers-dd- William Hardcastle Browne . When the head aches, all the body is the worse-dd- English proverb . He who can believe himself well, will be well-dd- Ovid . Cheerfulness is the best promoter of health and is as friendly to the mind as to the body-dd- Joseph Addison . Most people have no idea how good their body is designed to feel-dd- Kevin Trudeau . Know, then, whatever cheerful and serene supports the mind supports the body too-dd- John Armstrong . Your body holds deep wisdom-dd- Trust in it-dd- Learn from it-dd- Nourish it-dd- Watch your life transform and be healthy-dd- Bella Bleue . Embrace and love your body-dd- It’s the most amazing thing you will ever own-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . The higher your energy level, the more efficient your body-dd- The more efficient your body, the better you feel and the more you will use your talent to produce outstanding results-dd- Tony Robbins . Use your health, even to the point of wearing it out-dd- That is what it is for-dd- Spend all you have before you die; do not outlive yourself-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Most of us would be upset if we were accused of being ‘silly-dd-’ But the word ‘silly’ comes from the old English word ‘selig’ and its literal definition is ‘to be blessed, happy, healthy and prosperous’-dd- Zig Ziglar . Never continue in a job you don’t enjoy-dd- If you’re happy in what you’re doing, you’ll like yourself, you’ll have inner peace-dd- And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined-dd- Johnny Carson . The chief condition on which life, health, and vigor depend on, is action-dd- It is by action that an organism develops its faculties, increases its energy, and attains the fulfillment of its destiny-dd- Colin Powell . If we could give every individual the right amount of nourishment and exercise, not too little and not too much, we would have found the safest way to health-dd- Hippocrates . If we are creating ourselves all the time, then it is never too late to begin creating the bodies we want instead of the ones we mistakenly assume we are stuck with-dd- Deepak Chopra . Look up, laugh loud, talk big, keep the color in your cheek and the fire in your eye, adorn your person, maintain your health, your beauty and your animal spirits-dd- William Hazlitt . Knowing that we can be loved exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people-dd- Fred Rogers . But the real secret to lifelong good health is actually the opposite: Let your body take care of you-dd- Deepak Chopra . I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol-dd- Steven Wright . Be careful about reading health books-dd- You may die of a misprint-dd- Mark Twain . The second day of a diet is always easier than the first-dd- By the second day you’re off it-dd- Jackie Gleason . I know a man who gave up smoking, drinking, sex, and rich food-dd- He was healthy right up to the day he killed himself-dd- Johnny Carson . Exercise is a dirty word-dd- Every time I hear it, I wash my mouth out with chocolate-dd- Charles M-dd- Schulz . After these two, Dr-dd- Diet and Dr-dd- Quiet, Dr-dd- Merriman is requisite to preserve health-dd- James Howell . Rule No-dd-37-dd- The whiter the bread, the sooner you’ll be dead-dd- Michael Pollan . Health of body and mind is a great blessing, if we can bear it-dd- John Henry Cardinal Newman . A man’s health can be judged by which he takes two at a time – pills or stairs-dd- Joan Welsh . Good health is not something we can buy-dd- However, it can be an extremely valuable savings account-dd- Anne Wilson Schaef . If I’d known I was going to live this long, I’d have taken better care of myself-dd- Eubie Blake . Anybody’s soap is superior to somebody else’s stink killer-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . Health is merely the slowest way someone can die-dd- Unknown . Many people treat their bodies as if they were rented from Hertz – something they are using to get around in but nothing they genuinely care about understanding-dd- Chungliang Al Huang . To be stupid and selfish and to have good health are the three requirements for happiness-dd- Though if stupidity is lacking, the others are useless-dd- Stefan Sagmeister . If you do everything you should do, and do not do anything you should not do, you will, according to the best available statistics, live exactly eighteen hours longer than you would otherwise-dd- Logan Clendening . First need in the reform of hospital management-qq- That’s easy-xx- The death of all dietitians, and the resurrection of a French chef-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . Doctors are always working to preserve our health and cooks to destroy it, but the latter are the more often successful-dd- Denis Diderot . Joy and temperance and repose, slam the door on the doctor’s nose-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . There’s lots of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven’t the time to enjoy it-dd- Josh Billings . A bad cold wouldn’t be so annoying if it weren’t for the advice of our friends-dd- Kin Hubbard . I reckon being ill as one of the great pleasures of life, provided one is not too ill and is not obliged to work till one is better-dd- Samuel Butler . Life expectancy would grow by leaps and bounds if green vegetables smelled as good as bacon-dd- Doug Larson . Money cannot buy health, but I’d settle for a diamond-studded wheelchair-dd- Dorothy Parker . I think you might dispense with half your doctors if you would only consult Dr-dd- Sun more-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . The part can never be well unless the whole is well-dd- Plato . It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Objection, evasion, joyous distrust, and love of irony are signs of health; everything absolute belongs to pathology-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . There is something in sickness that breaks down the pride of manhood-dd- Charles Dickens . How sickness enlarges the dimension of a man’s self to himself-xx- Charles Lamb . Happiness lies, first of all, in health-dd- George William Curtis . If man thinks about his physical or moral state he usually discovers that he is ill-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The trouble with always trying to preserve the health of the body is that it is so difficult to do without destroying the health of the mind-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . Promise a great and total change — from poor to rich, sickness to health, misery to ecstasy — and you will have followers-dd- Robert Greene . The root of all health is in the brain-dd- The trunk of it is in emotion-dd- The branches and leaves are the body-dd- The flower of health blooms when all parts work together-dd- Kurdish Saying . A healthy body is a guest chamber for the soul: a sick body is a prison-dd- Francis Bacon Sr . Sickness always brings the soul nearer to God-dd- James Lendall Basford . People who are always taking care of their health are like misers who are hoarding a treasure which they have never spirit enough to enjoy-dd- Laurence Sterne . If you have health, you probably will be happy, and if you have health and happiness, you have all the wealth you need, even if it is not all you want-dd- Elbert Hubbard . A sound mind in a sound body, is a short, but full description of a happy state in this world: he that has these two, has little more to wish for; and he that wants either of them, will be little the better for anything else-dd- John Locke . We are healthy only to the extent that our ideas are humane-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Diseases of the soul are more dangerous and more numerous than those of the body-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Illness tells us what we are-dd- Italian saying . To avoid sickness eat less; to prolong life worry less-dd- Chu Hui Weng . From the bitterness of disease man learns the sweetness of health-dd- Catalan proverb . The appearance of a disease is swift as an arrow; its disappearance slow, like a thread-dd- Chinese proverb . To keep the body in good health is a duty otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear-dd- Buddha . Without health life is not life; it is only a state of languor and suffering – an image of death-dd- Buddha . Love, success, family and friends all come after my health-dd- No health, no enjoyment-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you are going to heal in a magnificent way, you have to feel magnificent-dd- Joe Dispenza . My number one priority in life, above my happiness, above my family, above my work, is my own health-dd- It starts with my physical health-dd- Naval Ravikant . So many people spend their health gaining wealth, and then have to spend their wealth to regain their health-dd- A-dd-J-dd- Reb Materi . In minds crammed with thoughts, organs clogged with toxins, and bodies stiffened with neglect, there is just no space for anything else-dd- Alison Rose Levy . When wealth is lost, nothing is lost; when health is lost, something is lost; when character is lost, all is lost-dd- Billy Graham . If by gaining knowledge we destroy our health, we labour for a thing that will be useless in our hands-dd- John Locke . Look to your health; and if you have it, praise God, and value it next to a good conscience; for health is the second blessing that we mortals are capable of; a blessing that money cannot buy-dd- Izaak Walton . The patient should be made to understand that he or she must take charge of his own life-dd- Don’t take your body to the doctor as if he were a repair shop-dd- Quentin Regestein . Criticism may not be agreeable, but it is necessary-dd- It fulfills the same function as pain in the human body-dd- It calls attention to an unhealthy state of things-dd- Winston Churchill . Poor health is not caused by something you don’t have; it’s caused by disturbing something that you already have-dd- Healthy is not something that you need to get, it’s something you have already if you don’t disturb it-dd- Dean Ornish . I have looked through the list of illnesses, and did not find cares or sad thoughts mentioned among them-dd- That is a mistake, surely-dd- Georg Christoph Lichtenberg . When health is absent, wisdom cannot reveal itself, art cannot manifest, strength cannot fight, wealth becomes useless, and intelligence cannot be applied-dd- Herophilus . Physical ills are the taxes laid upon this wretched life; some are taxed higher, and some lower, but all pay something-dd- Lord Chesterfield . What man is happy-qq- He who has a healthy body, a resourceful mind, and a docile nature-dd- Thales Of Miletus . There is no one giant step that does it-dd- It’s a lot of little steps-dd- Unknown . Those who think they have no time for healthy eating… will sooner or later have to find time for illness-dd- Edward Stanley . We drink to one another’s health and spoil our own-dd- Jerome K-dd- Jerome . Don’t defy the diagnosis, try to defy the verdict-dd- Norman Cousins . Disease is somatic; the suffering from it, psychic-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . Your prayer must be for a sound mind in a sound body-dd- Juvenal . It is part of the cure to want to be cured-dd- Seneca . The best and most efficient pharmacy is within your own system-dd- Robert C-dd- Peale . He who takes medicine and neglects to diet wastes the skill of his doctors-dd- Chinese proverb . The soul always knows what to do to heal itself-dd- The challenge is to silence the mind-dd- Caroline Myss . If you want to enjoy health, start this very moment to cleanse your consciousness of all wrong thinking and rid it of every thought except the thought of love-dd- James B-dd- Schafer . Each patient carries his own doctor inside him-dd- They come to us now knowing this truth-dd- We are at our best when they give the doctor who resides within each patient a chance to go to work-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity-dd- Hippocrates . Illness is the result of imbalance-dd- Imbalance is a result of forgetting who you are-dd- Forgetting who you are creates thoughts and actions that lead to an unhealthy lifestyle and eventually to illness…-dd- Illness can thus be understood as a lesson you have given yourself to help you remember who you are-dd- Barbara Brennan . Build up your health-dd- Do not dwell in silence upon your sorrows-dd- Swami Vivekananda . We need to change the culture of this topic and make it OK to speak about mental health and suicide-dd- Luke Richardson . Doctors don’t know everything really-dd- They understand matter, not spirit-dd- And you and I live in the spirit-dd- William Saroyan . You are not a mistake-dd- You are not a problem to be solved-dd- But you won’t discover this until you are willing to stop banging your head against the wall of shaming and caging and fearing yourself-dd- Geneen Roth . The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen-dd- Just listen-dd- Perhaps the most important thing we ever give each other is our attention… A loving silence often has far more power to heal and to connect than the most well-intentioned words-dd- Rachel Naomi Remen . Healing is not linear-dd- Unknown . A certain darkness is needed to see the stars-dd- Unknown . Switch your mentality from “I’m broken and helpless” to “I’m growing and healing” and watch how your life changes, for the better-dd- Unknown . The mind has great influence over the body, and maladies often have their origin there-dd- Jean Baptiste Moliere . The best six doctors anywhere and no one can deny it are sunshine, water, rest, air, exercise and diet-dd- Wayne Fields . No matter how much it gets abused, the body can restore balance-dd- The first rule is to stop interfering with nature-dd- Deepak Chopra . The natural healing force in each one of us is the greatest force in getting well-dd- Hippocrates . The most important thing in illness is never to lose heart-dd- Nikolai Lenin . It’s so important to realize that every time you get upset, it drains your emotional energy-dd- Losing your cool makes you tired-dd- Getting angry a lot messes with your health-dd- Joyce Meyer . The day we decide to drop the flimsy makeshift scenarios in our cluttered mind and eschew the ‘alleluias’ of self-importance, life can become genuine, lucid and graceful, like a flow of wellness in the glow of a new morning-dd- Erik Pevernagie . I got well by talking-dd- Death could not get a word in edgewise, grew discouraged, and traveled on-dd- Louise Erdrich . Addiction brings apathy-dd- Break the apathy, and you break the addiction-dd- Mango Wodzak . If I had not been already been meditating, I would certainly have had to start-dd- I’ve treated my own depression for many years with exercise and meditation, and I’ve found that to be a tremendous help-dd- Judy Collins . Every symptom has a story to tell about your life-dd- A fascinating story, that can reveal the complex links between your body, mind, emotions and spirit-dd- Kristina Turner . Happiness is a healed heart-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . If we seek solitary retreat, you will be more often refreshed-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . Often it’s the deepest pain which empowers you to grow into your highest self-dd- Karen Salmansohn . A healthy outside starts from the inside-dd- Robert Urich . Health and cheerfulness naturally beget each other-dd- Joseph Addison . Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The ability to be in the present moment is a major component of mental wellness-dd- Abraham Maslow . To me, good health is more than just exercise and diet-dd- Its really a point of view and a mental attitude you have about yourself-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Mental health isn’t all of me, but it’s a massive part of my journey and a massive part of my whole being-dd- Adwoa Aboah . A merry heart doeth good like a medicine, but a broken spirit dries the bones-dd- Proverbs 17:22 . Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life-dd- Buddha . People have a hard time letting go of their suffering-dd- Out of a fear of the unknown, they prefer suffering that is familiar-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . It’s better to be healthy alone than sick with someone else-dd- Phil McGraw . Know your worth-dd- Unknown . Take care of your mind, your body will thank you-dd- Take care of your body, your mind will thank you-dd- Debbie Hampton . People who laugh actually live longer than those who don’t laugh-dd- Few persons realize that health actually varies according to the amount of laughter-dd- James J-dd- Walsh . You can look in the mirror and find a million things wrong with yourself-dd- Or you can look in the mirror and think, ‘I feel good, I have my health, and I’m so blessed-dd-’ That’s the way I choose to look at it-dd- Isla Fisher . The existence of illness in the body may no doubt be called a shadow of the true illness which is held by man in his mind-dd- Hazrat Khan . You are as important to your health as it is to you-dd- Terri Guillemets (quotegarden-dd-com) . The human body has been designed to resist an infinite number of changes and attacks brought about by its environment-dd- The secret of good health lies in successful adjustment to changing stresses on the body-dd- Harry J-dd- Johnson . With every pill we have prescribed for us we should also be given a creative prayer, a suggested way to correct our destructive patterns of thought-dd- Ernest Holmes . Hell is wanting to be somewhere different from where you are-dd- Being one place and wanting to be somewhere else… Wanting life to be different from what it is-dd- That’s also called leaving without leaving-dd- Dying before you die-dd- It’s as if there is a part of you that so rails against being shattered by love that you shatter yourself first-dd- Geneen Roth . The existence of illness in the body may no doubt be called a shadow of the true illness which is held by man in his mind-dd- Hazrat Khan . A bodily disease, which we look upon as whole and entire within itself, may, after all, be but a symptom of some ailment in the spiritual part-dd- Nathaniel Hawthorne . When you discover something that nourishes your soul and brings joy, care enough to make room for it in your life-dd- Jean Shinoda Bolen . I am mentally ill-dd- I can say that-dd- I am not ashamed of that-dd- I survived that, I’m still surviving it, but bring it on-dd- Carrie Fisher . If you have a bad thought about yourself, tell it to go to hell because that’s exactly where it came from-dd- Brigham Young . Whoever count his blessings, shall be content-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . Health is more about wellness rather than sickness-dd- Matt Purcell . The groundwork for all happiness is good health-dd- Leigh Hunt . An imaginary ailment is worse than a disease-dd- Yiddish proverb . Man is what he eats-dd- Lucretius . Exercise is king-dd- Nutrition is queen-dd- Put them together and you’ve got a kingdom-dd- Jack Lalanne . Our children’s health and well-being are dependent on our commitment to promoting food access and good eating habits at home, at school and in the community-dd- Rod Blagojevich . The food you eat can either be the safest & most powerful form of medicine…or the slowest form of poison-dd- Ann Wigmore . Any food that requires enhancing by the use of chemical substances should in no way be considered a food-dd- John H-dd- Tobe . Wine is the most healthful and most hygienic of beverages-dd- Louis Pasteur . If you can’t pronounce it, don’t eat it-dd- Unknown . When diet is wrong, medicine is of no use-dd- When diet is correct, medicine is of no need-dd- Ayurvedic proverb . Tell me what you eat, and I will tell you what you are-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . Processed foods not only extend the shelf life, but they extend the waistline as well-dd- Karen Sessions . Don’t eat anything incapable of rotting-dd- Michael Pollan . If it came from a plant, eat it-dd- If it was made in a plant, don’t-dd- Michael Pollan . Don’t eat anything your great-great grandmother wouldn’t recognize as food-dd- Michael Pollan . Eat food-dd- Not too much-dd- Mostly plants-dd- Michael Pollan . We know that food is a medicine, perhaps the most powerful drug on the planet with the power to cause or cure most disease-dd- Dr Mark Hyman . A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools-dd- Spanish proverb . Even in this high-tech age, the low-tech plant continues to be the key to nutrition and health-dd- Jack Weatherford . Today more than 95% of all chronic disease is caused by food choice, toxic food ingredients, nutritional deficiencies, and lack of physical exercise-dd- Mike Adams . If you need medical advice, let these three things be your physicians; a cheerful mind, relaxation from business, and a moderate diet-dd- Schola Salern . Drinking water is essential to a healthy lifestyle-dd- Stephen Curry . An over-indulgence of anything, even something as pure as water, can intoxicate-dd- Criss Jami . We are indeed much more than what we eat, but what we eat can nevertheless help us to be much more than what we are-dd- Adelle Davis . Preserving the health by too strict a regimen is a wearisome malady-dd- François Duc de la Rochefoucauld . Water is life, and clean water means health-dd- Audrey Hepburn . Life is not merely to be alive, but to be well-dd- Marcus Valerius Martial . A fit, healthy body – that is the best fashion statement-dd- Jess C-dd- Scott . Sleep is that golden chain that ties health and our bodies together-dd- Thomas Dekker . The best advice is found on the pillow-dd- Danish proverb . Eat well, drink in moderation, and sleep sound, in these three good health abounds-dd- Latin proverb . Ill health is due to man’s artificiality of living-dd- He lives indoors-dd- He becomes, as it were, a hothouse plant-dd- Such a plant is never as successful as a hardy garden plant is-dd- An outdoor life is necessary to health and success, especially in a youth-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . Health is a state of body-dd- Wellness is a state of being-dd- J-dd- Stanford . If you don’t take care of yourself, the undertaker will overtake that responsibility for you-dd- Carrie Latet . Wellness is the compete integration of body, mind, and spirit – the realization that everything we do, think, feel, and believe has an effect on our state of well-being-dd- Greg Anderson . Health is a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being, and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity-dd- World Health Organization . Health is a state of complete harmony of the body, mind and spirit-dd- When one is free from physical disabilities and mental distractions, the gates of the soul open-dd- B-dd-K-dd-S-dd- Iyengar . To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life-dd- William Londen . If one’s bowels move, one is happy; and if they don’t move, one is unhappy-dd- That is all there is to it-dd- Lin Yutang . Happily we are learning that the mind has to do with the misdeeds of the body, and that there are no more valuable therapeutic agents than cheerfulness, happiness, and hope-dd- Olive Thorne Miller . Eliminating the things you love is not wellness-dd- Wellness feeds your soul and makes you feel good-dd- Iman . Nurturing yourself is not selfish – it’s essential to your survival and your well-being-dd- Renee Peterson Trudeau . As I see it, every day you do one of two things: build health or produce disease in yourself-dd- Adelle Davis . Sufficient sleep, exercise, healthy food, friendship, and peace of mind are necessities, not luxuries-dd- Mark Halperin . The power of community to create health is far greater than any physician, clinic or hospital-dd- Mark Hyman . Rest when you’re weary-dd- Refresh and renew yourself, your body, your mind, your spirit-dd- Then get back to work-dd- Ralph Marston . Those obsessed with health are not healthy; the first requisite of good health is a certain calculated carelessness about oneself-dd- Sydney J-dd- Harris . Good health is a duty to yourself, to your contemporaries, to your inheritors, to the progress of the world-dd- Gwendolyn Brooks . Wellness encompasses a healthy body, a sound mind, and a tranquil spirit-dd- Enjoy the journey as you strive for wellness-dd- Laurette Gagnon Beaulieu . Wellness is not a ‘medical fix’ but a way of living – a lifestyle sensitive and responsive to all the dimensions of body, mind, and spirit, an approach to life we each design to achieve our highest potential for well-being now and forever-dd- Greg Anderson . Wellness is the compete integration of body, mind, and spirit – the realization that everything we do, think, feel, and believe has an effect on our state of well-being-dd- Greg Anderson . Wellness seeks more than the absence of illness; it searches for new levels of excellence-dd- Beyond any disease-free neutral point, wellness dedicates its efforts to our total well-being – in body, mind, and spirit-dd- Greg Anderson . Wellness, I came to realize, will not happen by accident-dd- It must be a daily practice, especially for those of us who are more susceptible to the oppressiveness of the world-dd- Jenna Wortham . A great hallmark of mental wellness is the ability to be in the present moment, fully and with no thoughts of being elsewhere-dd- Wayne Dyer . A healthy lifestyle is the most potent medicine at your disposal-dd- Sravani Saha Nakhro . Self-care is how you take your power back-dd- Lalah Delia . The wellness and prevention market will outgrow the health care market-dd- Leroy Hood . If you look at healthcare today, it’s all about disease-dd- It’s not about understanding wellness at all-dd- Leroy Hood . America’s health care system is neither healthy, caring, nor a system-dd- Walter Conkite . I appreciate health care that gets to the root cause of our symptoms and promotes wellness, rather than the one-size-fits-all drug-based approach to treating disease-dd- I love maintaining an optimal quality of life – naturally-dd- Suzanne Somers . The art of medicine consists of amusing the patient while nature cures the disease-dd- Voltaire . Mainstream medicine would be way different if they focused on prevention even half as much as they focused on intervention-dd- Unknown . The goal of real healthcare reform must be high-quality, universal coverage in a cost-effective way-dd- Bernie Sanders . The U-dd-S-dd- has the most dysfunctional healthcare system in the industrial world, has about twice the per capita costs, and some of the worst outcomes-dd- It’s also the only privatized system-dd- Noam Chomsky . Healthcare is the cornerstone of the socialist state-dd- It is the crown jewel of the welfare state-dd- Monica Crowley . Access to maternal healthcare is a human right-dd- Christy Turlington . There should be choice in healthcare-dd- Anne Wojcicki . America’s health care system is in crisis precisely because we systematically neglect wellness and prevention-dd- Tom Harkin . True healthcare reform starts in your kitchen, not in Washington-dd- Unknown . A feeble body weakens the mind-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Walking is man’s best medicine-dd- Hippocrates . An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day-dd- Henry David Thoreau . In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks-dd- John Muir . Lack of activity destroys the good condition of every human being, while movement and methodical physical exercise save it and preserve it-dd- Plato . Exercise is the key not only to physical health but to peace of mind-dd- Nelson Mandela . Yoga is at the core of my health and wellness routine; even if it’s only for 10 to 15 minutes I find it helps me to re-center and to focus as well as improve my overall core strength-dd- Miranda Kerr . A vigorous five-mile walk will do more good for an unhappy but otherwise healthy adult than all the medicine and psychology in the world-dd- Paul Dudley White . Sedentary people are apt to have sluggish minds-dd- A sluggish mind is apt to be reflected in flabbiness of body and in a dullness of expression that invites no interest and gets none-dd- Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy . The five S’s of sports training are: stamina, speed, strength, skill, and spirit; but the greatest of these is spirit-dd- Ken Doherty . True enjoyment comes from activity of the mind and exercise of the body; the two are ever united-dd- Wilhelm von Humboldt . Strength does not come from the physical capacity-dd- It comes from an indomitable will-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Our growing softness, our increasing lack of physical fitness, is a menace to our security-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Your body is a temple, but only if you treat it as one-dd- Astrid Alauda . Movement is a medicine for creating change in a person’s physical, emotional, and mental states-dd- Carol Welch . We do not stop exercising because we grow old – we grow old because we stop exercising-dd- Kenneth Cooper . Your body is the church where Nature asks to be reverenced-dd- Marquis de Sade . My father considered a walk among the mountains as the equivalent of churchgoing-dd- Aldous Huxley . Walking is cheap, fun, safe and acceptable exercise-dd- Annie Taylor . Running is alone time that lets my brain unspool the tangles that build up over days-dd- Rob Haneisen . Running allows me to set my mind free-dd- Nothing seems impossible-dd- Nothing unattainable-dd- Kara Goucher . Run often-dd- Run long-dd- But never outrun your joy of running-dd- Julie Isphording . If you want to change your body, exercise-dd- If you want to change your life, become a runner-dd- Unknown . Being healthy and fit isn’t a fad or a trend, it’s a lifestyle-dd- Unknown . Remember that any exercise is better than no exercise-dd- Unknown . If you’re too busy to workout, your priorities need to change-dd- I can’t think of too many things more important than your health-dd- Rolsey . Developing inner values is much like physical exercise-dd- The more we train our abilities, the stronger they become-dd- The difference is that, unlike the body, when it comes to training the mind, there is no limit to how far we can go-dd- Dalai Lama . The very heart of yoga practice is ‘abyhasa’ – steady effort in the direction you want to go-dd- Sally Kempton . Yoga means addition – addition of energy, strength and beauty to body, mind and soul-dd- Amit Ray . Yoga is invigoration in relaxation-dd- Freedom in routine-dd- Confidence through self-control-dd- Energy within and energy without-dd- Ymber Delecto . Yoga is the journey of the self, through the self, to the self-dd- Bhagavad Gita . Yoga is 99% practice and 1% theory-dd- Sri Krishna Pattabhi Jois . Yoga teaches you how to listen to your body-dd- Mariel Hemingway . For every hour Charles Dickens wrote, he walked an hour-dd- Mary Pipher . To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise-dd- Gene Tunney . Take care of your body-dd- It’s the only place you have to live-dd- Jim Rohn . 