Politeness is the flower of humanity-dd- Joseph Joubert . Pray for your health first, then pray for humanity-dd- Maxime Lagacé . My country is the world, and my religion is to do good-dd- Thomas Paine . Be a good human being, a warm hearted, affectionate person-dd- That is my fundamental belief-dd- Dalai Lama . If you judge people, you have no time to love them-dd- Mother Teresa . Be the reason someone smiles-dd- Be the reason someone feels loved and believes in the goodness in people-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Kindness is the best form of humanity-dd- Doris Lee . You must never be fearful about what you are doing when it is right-dd- Rosa Parks . The next evolutionary step for humankind is to move from man to kind-dd- Unknown . Strong people stand up for themselves, but stronger people stand up for others-dd- Unknown . Humanity has only scratched the surface of its real potential-dd- Peace Pilgrim . Humanity should be our race-dd- Love should be our religion-dd- Unknown . We cannot despair of humanity, since we ourselves are human beings-dd- Albert Einstein . All I have is a sense of duty toward all people and an attachment to those with whom I have become intimate-dd- Albert Einstein . We are very, very small, but we are profoundly capable of very, very big things-dd- Stephen Hawking . One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Each of us must work for his own improvement, and at the same time share a general responsibility for all humanity-dd- Marie Curie . Moral courage is the highest expression of humanity-dd- Ralph Nader . The more we take, the less there is for future generations-dd- Phil Kingston . Earth provides enough to satisfy every man’s need, but not every man’s greed-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Love life and life will love you back-dd- Love people and they will love you back-dd- Arthur Rubinstein . I’m for truth, no matter who tells it-dd- I’m for justice, no matter who it is for or against-dd- I’m a human being, first and foremost, and as such I’m for whoever and whatever benefits humanity as a whole-dd- Malcolm X . Angry people want you to see how powerful they are-dd- Loving people want you to see how powerful you are-dd- Chief Red Eagle . I have no race prejudices, and I think I have no color prejudices or caste prejudices nor creed prejudices-dd- Indeed I know it-dd- I can stand any society-dd- All that I care to know is that a man is a human being-that is enough for me; he can’t be any worse-dd- Mark Twain . We think too much and feel too little-dd- More than machinery, we need humanity; more than cleverness, we need kindness and gentleness-dd- Without these qualities, life will be violent and all will be lost-dd- Charles Chaplin . Freedom is never voluntarily given by the oppressor; it must be demanded by the oppressed-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . We have flown the air like birds and swum the sea like fishes, but have yet to learn the simple act of walking the earth like brothers-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . I’m not concerned with your liking or disliking me… All I ask is that you respect me as a human being-dd- Jackie Robinson . Never discourage anyone who continually makes progress, no matter how slow-dd- Plato . Find the sweetness in your own heart, then you may find the sweetness in every heart-dd- Rumi . To be a man is to feel that one’s own stone contributes to building the edifice of the world-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Do your little bit of good where you are; it’s those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world-dd- Desmond Tutu . This is my creed: Happiness is the only good; reason the only torch; justice the only worship, humanity the only religion, and love the only priest-dd- Robert Green Ingersoll . I am constantly preoccupied with how to remove distance so that we can all come closer together, so that we can all begin to sense we are the same, we are one-dd- David Hockney . An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself-dd- Leo Tolstoy . I don’t think of all the misery, but of the beauty that still remains-dd- Anne Frank . The sole meaning of life is to serve humanity-dd- Leo Tolstoy . Great thoughts speak only to the thoughtful mind, but great actions speak to all mankind-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . To think ill of mankind and not wish ill to them, is perhaps the highest wisdom and virtue-dd- William Hazlitt . No religion is higher than humanity-dd- Abdul Sattar Edhi (This is one of my favorite humanity quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much-dd- Helen Keller . Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other-dd- Mother Teresa . This is one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind-dd- Neil Armstrong . Embrace with tender affection the whole of humanity, especially the poorest, the weakest, the least important-dd- Pope Francis . The great moral teachers of humanity were in a way artistic geniuses in the art of living-dd- Albert Einstein . The value of a man should be seen in what he gives and not in what he is able to receive-dd- Albert Einstein . The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch them without doing anything-dd- Albert Einstein . The human race is just a chemical scum on a moderate-sized planet, orbiting around a very average star in the outer suburb of one among a hundred billion galaxies-dd- We are so insignificant that I can’t believe the whole universe exists for our benefit-dd- That would be like saying that you would disappear if I closed my eyes-dd- Stephen Hawking . If our tears do not lead us to act then we have lost the reason of our humanity, which is compassion-dd- Dalai Lama . Our human compassion binds us the one to the other – not in pity or patronizingly but as human beings who have learnt how to turn our common suffering into hope for the future-dd- Nelson Mandela . No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin, or his background, or his religion-dd- People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite-dd- Nelson Mandela . We may have different religions, different languages, different colored skin, but we all belong to one human race-dd- We all share the same basic values-dd- Kofi Annan . My friends, our challenge today is not to save Western civilization – or Eastern, for that matter-dd- All civilization is at stake, and we can save it only if all peoples join together in the task-dd- Kofi Annan . In the midst of economic recovery and global upheaval, disasters like this remind us of the common humanity that we share-dd- Barack Obama (On Japan, March 17, 2011) . This is American leadership at its best-dd- We stand with people who fight for their own freedom, and we rally other nations on behalf of our common security and common humanity-dd- Barack Obama . This country will not be a good place for any of us to live in unless we make it a good place for all of us to live in-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . The bond of our common humanity is stronger than the divisiveness of our fears and prejudices-dd- Jimmy Carter . You want to max out your humanity by using your energy to lift yourself up, your family, and the people around you-dd- Oprah Winfrey . All the world’s a stage, and all the men and women mearly players-dd- William Shakespeare . My humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together-dd- Desmond Tutu . Benevolence is the characteristic element of humanity-dd- Confucius . You must not lose faith in humanity-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The golden way is to be friends with the world and to regard the whole human family as one-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . All labor that uplifts humanity has dignity and importance and should be undertaken with painstaking excellence-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . We must all learn to live together as brothers or we will all perish together as fools-dd- Because of our involvement in humanity we must be concerned about every human being-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Civilization began the first time an angry person cast a word instead of a rock-dd- Sigmund Freud . Be certain that you do not die without having done something wonderful for humanity-dd- Maya Angelou . Each person must live their life as a model for others-dd- Rosa Parks . The world is a stage, but the play is badly cast-dd- Oscar Wilde . Think higher, feel deeper-dd- Elie Wiesel . The only real nation is humanity-dd- Paul Farmer . The simplest way to be happy is to do good-dd- Helen Keller . Humanity needs to weep, and this is the time to weep-dd- Pope Francis . Truth is on the side of the oppressed-dd- Malcolm X . The perfect normal person is rare in our civilization-dd- Karen Horney . Comedy is the only hope for humanity-dd- Roseanne Barr . The moment we stop fighting for each other, that’s the moment that we lose our humanity-dd- Adrian Hemlsley (In the movie “2012”) . The human race has improved everything, but the human race-dd- Adlai E-dd- Stevenson . It’s all about humanity, humility, and integrity-dd- Debra Wilson . We are not broken, we are just unfinished-dd- Dawna Markova . Humanity is the virtue of a woman, generosity that of a man-dd- Adam Smith . The more I see of man, the more I like dogs-dd- Madame de Stael . God must love the common man, he made so many of them-dd- Abraham Lincoln . You cannot hope to build a better world without improving the individuals-dd- Marie Curie . Every step we take on earth brings us to a new world-dd- Federico Garcia Lorca . My humanity is a constant self-overcoming-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Compassion becomes real when we recognize our shared humanity-dd- Pema Chodron . Be soft-dd- Do not let the world make you hard-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . You don’t need a reason to help people-dd- Unknown . Sometimes a hug is worth more than a thousand words-dd- Unknown . I am not a human being; I am a human becoming-dd- Unknown . Be the reason someone smiles today-dd- Unknown . I would never trust a man who didn’t cry-dd- Norman Schwarzkopf . The strides of humanity are slow, they can only be counted in centuries-dd- Georg Buchner . The planet is fine-dd- The people are fucked-dd- George Carlin . To err is human, to forgive, divine-dd- Alexander Pope . Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire-dd- Thomas Keneally . All of our humanity is dependent upon recognizing the humanity in others-dd- Desmond Tutu . Let’s be better humans-dd- Unknown . When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful-dd- Malala Yousafzai . We were scared, but our fear was not as strong as our courage-dd- Malala Yousafzai . At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can-dd- Frida Kahlo . Progress is the attraction that moves humanity-dd- Marcus Garvey . We have to do the best we are capable of-dd- This is our sacred human responsibility-dd- Albert Einstien . This is what you shall do; Love the earth and sun and the animals, despise riches, give alms to every one that asks, stand up for the stupid and crazy, devote your income and labor to others, hate tyrants, argue not concerning God, have patience and indulgence toward the people-dd- Walt Whitman . People don’t realize how a man’s whole life can be changed by one book-dd- Malcolm X . Our most important task as a nation is to make sure all our young people can achieve their dreams-dd- Barack Obama . One of the biggest lies in the story of humanity is the lie of our imperfection-dd- Miguel Angel Ruiz . The world is truly beautiful solely in the eyes of a true philosopher-dd- Kedar Joshi . Part 1-dd- A human being is a part of the whole called by us universe, a part limited in time and space-dd- Albert Einstein . Part 2-dd- He experiences himself, his thoughts and feeling as something separated from the rest, a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness-dd- Albert Einstein . Part 3-dd- This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us-dd- Albert Einstein . Part 4-dd- Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty-dd- Albert Einstein . We must see in every person a universe with its own secrets, with its own treasures, with its own sources of anguish, and with some measure of triumph-dd- Elie Wiesel . Once you bring life into the world, you must protect it-dd- We must protect it by changing the world-dd- Elie Wiesel . Courage-dd- Kindness-dd- Friendship-dd- Character-dd- These are the qualities that define us as human beings, and propel us, on occasion, to greatness-dd- R-dd-J-dd- Palacio . Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world-dd- Margaret Laurence . To be a good human being is to have a kind of openness to the world, an ability to trust uncertain things beyond your own control, that can lead you to be shattered in very extreme circumstances for which you were not to blame-dd- That says something very important about the condition of the ethical life: that it is based on a trust in the uncertain and on a willingness to be exposed; it’s based on being more like a plant than like a jewel, something rather fragile, but whose very particular beauty is inseparable from that fragility-dd- Martha Nussbaum . It is not what a lawyer tells me I may do; but what humanity, reason, and justice tell me I ought to do-dd- Edmund Burke . I don’t believe in people just hoping-dd- We work for what we want-dd- I always say that one has no right to hope without endeavor-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Stand for something or you will fall for anything-dd- Today’s mighty oak is yesterday’s nut that held its ground-dd- Rosa Parks . People always say that I didn’t give up my seat because I was tired, but that isn’t true-dd- I was not tired physically … No, the only tired I was, was tired of giving in-dd- Rosa Parks . We forge gradually our greatest instrument for understanding the world – introspection-dd- We discover that humanity may resemble us very considerably – that the best way of knowing the inwardness of our neighbors is to know ourselves-dd- Walter Lippmann . The true test of a character is to face hard conditions with the determination to make them better-dd- Helen Keller . I’ve found that there is always some beauty left – in nature, sunshine, freedom, in yourself-dd- Anne Frank . Since we live in this world, we have to do our best for this world-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Even one voice can be heard loudly all over the world in this day and age-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . One person of integrity can make a difference-dd- Elie Wiesel . What makes you vulnerable makes you beautiful-dd- Brené Brown . I believe that mankind’s destiny lies in the stars-dd- Neil Gaiman . All human eyes have longing in them-dd- Ernesto Cardenal . We realize the importance of our voices only when we are silenced-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity-dd- Horace Mann . Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others-dd- Rosa Parks . Enjoying the joys of others and suffering with them – these are the best guides for men-dd- Albert Einstein . Man can find meaning in life, short and perilous as it is, only through devoting himself to society-dd- Albert Einstein . My passionate sense of social justice and social responsibility has always contrasted oddly with my pronounced lack of need for direct contact with other human beings and human communities-dd- Albert Einstein . Science knows no country, because knowledge belongs to humanity, and is the torch which illuminates the world-dd- Louis Pasteur . The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence-dd- Charles Bukowski . The most potent weapon in the hands of the oppressor is the mind of the oppressed-dd- Stephen Biko . How many disasters do we need to unite humanity-dd- Loesje . I love mankind; it’s people I can’t stand-dd- Charles M-dd- Schulz . On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time-dd- George Orwell . How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong-dd- Because someday in your life you will have been all of these-dd- George Washington Carver . Act in such a way that you treat humanity, whether in your own person or in the person of any other, never merely as a means to an end, but always at the same time as an end-dd- Immanuel Kant . What makes earth feel like hell is our expectation that it should feel like heaven-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . All things in this vast universe exist in you, with you, and for you-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Is man’s civilization only a wrappage, through which the savage nature of him can still burst, infernal as ever-qq- Thomas Carlyle . What Darwin was too polite to say, my friends, is that we came to rule the earth not because we were the smartest, or even the meanest, but because we have always been the craziest, most murderous motherfuckers in the jungle-dd- Stephen King . In times of danger large groups rise to the highest pitch of enthusiasm, courage and sacrifice… Mankind will be refashioned and history rewritten when this law is understood and obeyed-dd- Helen Keller . We are not human beings having a spiritual experience-dd- We are spiritual beings having a human experience-dd- Pierre Teilhard de Chardin . Human beings seem to be a poor invention-dd- If they are the noblest works of God where is the ignoblest-qq- Mark Twain . There is nothing on earth divine except humanity-dd- Walter Savage Landor . If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace-dd- Thomas Paine . Humanity is the refuse of spirit-dd- James Lendall Basford . We are healthy only to the extent that our ideas are humane-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . I ask you to ensure that humanity is served by wealth, and not ruled by it-dd- Pope Francis . People have become educated but have not become human-dd- Abdul Sattar Edhi . Dream for a better world and for a better humanity, not for a better car and a bigger house-dd- Thibaut . All that is valuable in human society depends upon the opportunity for development accorded to the individual-dd- Albert Einstein . If you’re in the luckiest one per cent of humanity, you owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the other 99 per cent-dd- Warren Buffett . I’m not impressed by money, social status or job title-dd- I’m impressed by the way someone treats other human beings-dd- Unknown . There can be no high civilization where there is not ample leisure-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light-dd- Helen Keller . The only worthwhile achievements of man are those which are socially useful-dd- Alfred Adler . It is only our humanity that can deliver us from the brutality of our achievements-dd- Henry Rollins . Just be good-dd- I’m good-dd- Not because I think I’ll go to heaven but because when I do something bad, I feel bad-dd- And when I do something good, I feel good-dd- Ricky Gervais . While we are sitting in meditation, we are simply exploring humanity and all of creation in the form of ourselves-dd- Pema Chodron . We can become extremely wise and sensitive to all of humanity and the whole universe simply by knowing ourselves, just as we are-dd- Pema Chodron . Being human is given-dd- But keeping our humanity is a choice-dd- Unknown . I am not religious-dd- I am a humanist because human beings are more important than dogma an traditions-dd- Unknown . The universe is my country and the human family is my tribe-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Our chief usefulness to humanity rests on our combining power with high purpose-dd- Power undirected by high purpose spells calamity, and high purpose by itself is utterly useless if the power to put it into effect is lacking-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Wealth without work, pleasure without conscience, knowledge without character, commerce without morality, science without humanity, worship without sacrifice, politics without principles-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The world is a dangerous place to live; not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don’t do anything about it-dd- Albert Einstein . Take care that you don’t treat inhumanity as it treats human beings-dd- Marcus Aurelius . It is absurd to divide people into good and bad-dd- People are either charming or tedious-dd- Oscar Wilde . There is always more misery among the lower classes than there is humanity in the higher-dd- Victor Hugo . You’ll never have a quiet world till you knock the patriotism out of the human race-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Even if I am a girl, even if people think I can’t do it, I should not lose hope-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Hope is like peace-dd- It is not a gift from God-dd- It is a gift only we can give one another-dd- Elie Wiesel . Just as despair can come to one only from other human beings, hope, too, can be given to one only by other human beings-dd- Elie Wiesel . Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement-dd- Nothing can be done without hope and confidence-dd- Helen Keller . As long as there is one upright man, as long as there is one compassionate woman, the contagion may spread and the scene is not desolate-dd- Hope is the thing that is left to us, in a bad time-dd- E-dd-B-dd- White . Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it-dd- Helen Keller . Love, hope, fear, faith – these make humanity; These are its sign and note and character-dd- Robert Browning . There is a universal respect and even admiration for those who are humble and simple by nature, and who have absolute confidence in all human beings irrespective of their social status-dd- Nelson Mandela . What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity-dd- These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life’s pathway, the good they do is inconceivable-dd- Joseph Addison . Reflecting on his years in prison, Nelson Mandela wrote that there were dark moments that tested his faith in humanity, but he refused to give up-dd- Barack Obama . The journey will be difficult-dd- The road will be long-dd- I face this challenge with profound humility, and knowledge of my own limitations-dd- But I also face it with limitless faith in the capacity of the American people-dd- Barack Obama . We are all prompted by the same motives, all deceived by the same fallacies, all animated by hope, obstructed by danger, entangled by desire, and seduced by pleasure-dd- Samuel Johnson . Socrates, indeed, when he was asked of what country he called himself, said, “Of the world”; for he considered himself an inhabitant and a citizen of the whole world-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Life is to be lived, not controlled, and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat-dd- Ralph Ellison . Only life suffered can transform a symphony from a collection of notes into a message of humanity-dd- Dimitris Mitropoulos . I keep my ideals, because in spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart-dd- Anne Frank . Where there’s hope, there’s life-dd- It fills us with fresh courage and makes us strong again-dd- Anne Frank . It is not enough to sit and hope-dd- You have to work in order to realize your hopes-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Each contact with a human being is so rare, so precious, one should preserve it-dd- Anais Nin . In abstract love of humanity one almost always only loves oneself-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . I did not bow down to you, I bowed down to all the suffering of humanity-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . Love humanity-qq- Start with one person-dd- Gabriel Laub . In recognizing the humanity of our fellow beings, we pay ourselves the highest tribute-dd- Thurgood Marshall . Don’t be the reason someone feels insecure-dd- Be the reason someone feels seen, heard and supported-dd- Cleo Wade . I don’t want to just love my family; I want to love all of humanity-dd- Alejandro Jodorowsky . The more I think it over, the more I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people-dd- Vincent van Gogh . Never, never be afraid to do what’s right, especially if the well-being of a person or animal is at stake-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . If the only prayer you say throughout your life is “Thank You,” then that will be enough-dd- Elie Wiesel . You should never let your fears prevent you from doing what you know is right-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . To understand another human being you must gain some insight into the conditions which made him what he is-dd- Margaret Bourke-White . One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity-dd- Connect with those around you today-dd- Say, “I love you”, “I’m sorry”, “I appreciate you”, “I’m proud of you”…whatever you’re feeling-dd- Steve Maraboli . I am a humanist, which means, in part, that I have tried to behave decently without expectations of rewards or punishments after I am dead-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Your presence is the most precious gift you can give to another human being-dd- Marshall B-dd- Rosenberg . We cannot think of being acceptable to others until we have first proven acceptable to ourselves-dd- Malcolm X . My life is an indivisible whole, and all my attitudes run into one another; and they all have their rise in my insatiable love for mankind-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . I believe we are here on the planet Earth to live, grow up and do what we can to make this world a better place for all people to enjoy freedom-dd- Rosa Parks . People are just people, and all people have faults and shortcomings, but all of us are born with a basic goodness-dd- Anne Frank . Part 1-dd- Compassion hurts-dd- When you feel connected to everything, you also feel responsible for everything-dd- And you cannot turn away-dd- Andrew Boyd . Part 2-dd- Your destiny is bound with the destinies of others-dd- You must either learn to carry the Universe or be crushed by it-dd- You must grow strong enough to love the world, yet empty enough to sit down at the same table with its worst horrors-dd- Andrew Boyd . The moment we cry in a film is not when things are sad but when they turn out to be more beautiful than we expected them to be-dd- Alain de Botton . No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it to anyone else-dd- Charles Dickens . If I seem to boast more than is becoming, my excuse is that I brag for humanity rather than for myself-dd- Henry David Thoreau . We do not admire the man of timid peace-dd- We admire the man who embodies victorious effort; the man who never wrongs his neighbor, who is prompt to help a friend, but who has those virile qualities necessary to win in the stern strife of actual life-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . We cannot help but believe that the old hatreds shall someday pass; that the lines of tribe shall soon dissolve; that as the world grows smaller, our common humanity shall reveal itself-dd- Barack Obama . There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest-dd- Elie Wiesel . When a person doesn’t have gratitude, something is missing in his or her humanity-dd- A person can almost be defined by his or her attitude toward gratitude-dd- Elie Wiesel . Mankind was my business… charity, mercy, forbearance, benevolence, were all my business-dd- Charles Dickens . Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind-dd- Bertrand Russell . Hurt people hurt people-dd- That’s how pain patterns gets passed on, generation after generation-dd- Break the chain today-dd- Meet anger with sympathy, contempt with passion, cruelty with kindness-dd- Greet grimaces with smiles-dd- Forgive and forget about finding fault-dd- Love is the weapon of the future-dd- Yehuda Berg . Human greatness does not lie in wealth or power, but in character and goodness-dd- Anne Frank . So long as we live among men, let us cherish humanity-dd- Andre Gide . If you are feeling helpless, help someone-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Peace, like charity, begins at home-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . My work is about helping humanity-dd- Agnes Denes . I would like to be known as a person who is concerned about freedom and equality and justice and prosperity for all people-dd- Rosa Parks . Looking at the earth from afar you realize it is too small for conflict and just big enough for co-operation-dd- Yuri Gagarin (First human to journey into outer space) . A human being is not to be handled as a tool but is to be respected and revered-dd- Felix Adler . Peace can only last where human rights are respected, where the people are fed, and where individuals and nations are free-dd- True peace with oneself and with the world around us can only be achieved through the development of mental peace-dd- Dalai Lama . Practice kindness all day to everybody and you will realize you’re already in heaven now-dd- Jack Kerouac . You have not lived today until you have done something for someone who can never repay you-dd- John Bunyon . If civilization is to survive, we must cultivate the science of human relationships – the ability of all peoples, of all kinds, to live together, in the same world at peace-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . I swore never to be silent whenever and wherever human beings endure suffering and humiliation-dd- We must always take sides-dd- Elie Wiesel . No human race is superior; no religious faith is inferior-dd- All collective judgments are wrong-dd- Only racists make them-dd- Elie Wiesel . For in my tradition, as a Jew, I believe that whatever we receive we must share-dd- Elie Wiesel . It’s unfortunate and I really wish I wouldn’t have to say this, but I really like human beings who have suffered-dd- They’re kinder-dd- Emma Thompson . If there is to be peace in the world, there must be peace in the nations-dd- If there is to be peace in the nations, there must be peace in the cities-dd- If there is to be peace in the cities, there must be peace between neighbors-dd- If there is to be peace between neighbors, there must be peace in the home-dd- If there is to be peace in the home, there must be peace in the heart-dd- Lao Tzu . Who so lives for humanity must be content to lose himself-dd- Octavius Brooks Frothingham . Human life has meaning only to that degree and as long as it is lived in the service of humanity-dd- Wole Soyinka . Selfless service alone gives the needed strength and courage to awaken the sleeping humanity in one’s heart-dd- Sai Baba . We need more light about each other-dd- Light creates understanding, understanding creates love, love creates patience, and patience creates unity-dd- Malcolm X . To treat anyone as if they were less than human, less than a brother or a sister, no matter what they have done, is to contravene the very laws of our humanity-dd- Desmond Tutu . The belief that we some day shall be able to prevent war is to me one with the belief in the possibility of making humanity really human-dd- Ellen Key . Every kindness I received, small or big, convinced me that there could never be enough of it in the world-dd- Kindness, can change the lives of people-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . People should never think that you have to be a very special person to help those who need you-dd- Miep Gies . Humanity’s next state is rising above ourselves for the sake of our common unity-dd- Unknown . By serving humanity, I automatically serve myself-dd- Vironika Tugaleva . I shall remain a wanderer until mankind has learned the way of peace-dd- Peace Pilgrim . If there is to be any peace it will come through being, not having-dd- Henry Miller . Be kind to all creatures-dd- This is the true religion-dd- Buddha . Those who teach the most about humanity, aren’t always humans-dd- Donald L-dd- Hicks . We never know the worth of water till the well is dry-dd- Thomas Fuller . There can be no renewal of our relationship with nature without a renewal of humanity itself-dd- Pope Francis . For my part, I am not so sure at bottom that man is, as he says, the king of nature; he is far more its devastating tyrant-dd- I believe he has many things to learn from animal societies, older than his own and of infinite variety-dd- Romain Rolland . We’re animals-dd- We’re born like every other mammal and we live our whole lives around disguised animal thoughts-dd- Barbara Kingsolver . Humanity’s true moral test, its fundamental test, consists of its attitude towards those who are at its mercy: animals-dd- Milan Kundera . Man is the only trained animal who expects his reward before he does his trick-dd- Robert Brault . Man – despite his artistic pretensions, his sophistication, and his many accomplishments – owes his existence to a six inch layer of topsoil and the fact that it rains-dd- Paul Harvey . Our origins are of the earth-dd- And so there is in us a deeply seated response to the natural universe, which is part of our humanity-dd- Rachel Carson . People speak sometimes about the “bestial” cruelty of man, but that is terribly unjust and offensive to beasts, no animal could ever be so cruel as a man, so artfully, so artistically cruel-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . Men-xx- The only animal in the world to fear-dd- D-dd-H-dd- Lawrence . To my mind, the life of a lamb is no less precious than that of a human being-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Nature does not deceive us; it is we who deceive ourselves-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . If you cannot find faith in humanity, be the faith in humanity-dd- Unknown . Man is nature’s sole mistake-dd- W-dd-S-dd- Gilbert . The more humanity advances, the more it is degraded-dd- Gustave Flaubert . Humanity is the sin of God-dd- Theodore Parker . The average dog is a nicer person than the average person-dd- Andy Rooney . If you’re not careful, the newspapers will have you hating the people who are being oppressed, and loving the people who are doing the oppressing-dd- Malcolm X . Once I thought that to be human was the highest aim a man could have, but I see now that it was meant to destroy me-dd- Today I am proud to say that I am inhuman, that I belong not to men and governments, that I have nothing to do with creeds and principles-dd- I have nothing to do with the creaking machinery of humanity – I belong to the earth-xx- Henry Miller . I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know how bad I am-dd- Joseph Baretti . The chief obstacle to the progress of the human race is the human race-dd- Don Marquis . The more I love humanity in general, the less I love man in particular-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . In the depths of my heart I can’t help being convinced that my dear fellow-men, with a few exceptions, are worthless-dd- Sigmund Freud . Part 1-dd- We’re so self-important-dd- So arrogant-dd- Everybody’s going to save something now-dd- George Carlin . Part 2-dd- Save the trees, save the bees, save the whales, save the snails-dd- And the supreme arrogance-qq- Save the planet-xx- Are these people kidding-qq- Save the planet-qq- George Carlin . Part 3-dd- We don’t even know how to take care of ourselves; we haven’t learned how to care for one another-dd- We’re gonna save the fuckin’ planet-qq- George Carlin . Part 4-dd- And, by the way, there’s nothing wrong with the planet in the first place-dd- The planet is fine-dd- The people are fucked-xx- George Carlin . Part 5-dd- Compared with the people, the planet is doin’ great-dd- It’s been here over four billion years… George Carlin . Part 6-dd- The planet isn’t goin’ anywhere, folks-dd- We are-xx- We’re goin’ away-dd- Pack your shit, we’re goin’ away-dd- George Carlin . Part 7-dd- And we won’t leave much of a trace-dd- Thank God for that-dd- Nothing left-dd- Maybe a little Styrofoam-dd- The planet will be here, and we’ll be gone-dd- George Carlin . There’s degradation of the environment-dd- But the real issue is the degradation of one’s inner environment-dd- Frederick Lenz . Humanity is on the march, earth itself is left behind-dd- David Ehrenfeld . It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Mankind must put an end to war before war puts an end to mankind-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . When we oppress others, we end up oppressing ourselves-dd- Desmond Tutu . Because of indifference, one dies before one actually dies-dd- Elie Wiesel . Evil begins when you begin to treat people as things-dd- Terry Pratchett . Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . The urge to save humanity is almost always a false front for the urge to rule-dd- H-dd- L-dd- Mencken . A life directed chiefly toward the fulfillment of personal desires will sooner or later always lead to bitter disappointment-dd- Albert Einstein . We are challenged to rise above the narrow confines of our individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . The reason why the world lacks unity, and lies broken and in heaps, is, because man is disunited with himself-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . We are perverse creatures and never satisfied-dd- Nan Fairbrother . Of course, we are all egoists-dd- Egoism is so much a part of our humanity-dd- F-dd- Sionil Jose . The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as a human being-dd- His heart withers if it does not answer another heart-dd- His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . Let us have but one end in view, the welfare of humanity; and let us put aside all selfishness in consideration of language, nationality, and religion-dd- John Arnos Comenius . One of the sayings in our country is Ubuntu – the essence of being human-dd- Ubuntu speaks particularly about the fact that you can’t exist as a human being in isolation-dd- It speaks about our interconnectedness-dd- You can’t be human all by yourself, and when you have this quality – Ubuntu – you are known for your generosity-dd- Desmond Tutu . We think of ourselves far too frequently as just individuals, separated from one another, whereas you are connected and what you do affects the whole World-dd- When you do well, it spreads out; it is for the whole of humanity-dd- Desmond Tutu . What can become of him if he is in such bondage to the habit of satisfying the innumerable desires he has created for himself-qq- He is isolated, and what concern has he with the rest of humanity-qq- They have succeeded in accumulating a greater mass of objects, but the joy in the world has grown less-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . I hope you will judge yourselves not on your professional accomplishments alone, but also on how well you have addressed the world’s deepest inequities… on how well you treated people a world away who have nothing in common with you but your humanity-dd- Bill Gates . Who are we as human beings if we ignore the suffering of others-qq- Unknown . Most of us must learn to love people and use things rather than loving things and using people-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Man uses his intelligence less in the care of his own species than he does in his care of anything else he owns or governs-dd- Abraham Meyerson . Man will do many things to get himself loved, he will do all things to get himself envied-dd- Mark Twain . You don’t have to teach people how to be human-dd- You have to teach them how to stop being inhuman-dd- Eldridge Cleaver . Man – a reasoning rather than a reasonable animal-dd- Alexander Hamilton . There are too many people, and too few human beings-dd- Robert Zend . Men are cruel, but Man is kind-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Freedom is not an end-dd- Freedom is a beginning-dd- Benazir Bhutto . Gay rights are human rights-dd- Hillary Clinton . Freedom is never really won, you earn it and win it in every generation-dd- Coretta Scott King . Kids know nothing about racism-dd- They’re taught that by adults-dd- Ruby Bridges . We will never have true civilization until we have learned to recognize the rights of others-dd- Will Rogers . To deny people their human rights is to challenge their very humanity-dd- Nelson Mandela . There is just so much hurt, disappointment, and oppression one can take… The line between reason and madness grows thinner-dd- Rosa Parks . As far back as I can remember, I knew there was something wrong with our way of life when people could be mistreated because of the color of their skin-dd- Rosa Parks . I was a person with dignity and self-respect, and I should not set my sights lower than anybody else just because I was black-dd- Rosa Parks . All religions, arts, and sciences are branches of the same tree-dd- All these aspirations are directed toward ennobling man’s life, lifting it from the sphere of mere physical existence and leading the individual toward freedom-dd- Albert Einstein . A feminist is anyone who recognizes the equality and full humanity of women and men-dd- Gloria Steinem . I embrace the label of bad feminist because I am human-dd- I am messy-dd- I’m not trying to be an example-dd- I am not trying to be perfect-dd- I am not trying to say I have all the answers-dd- I am not trying to say I’m right-dd- I am just trying—trying to support what I believe in, trying to do some good in this world, trying to make some noise with my writing while also being myself-dd- Roxane Gay . The more people know about their rights, and the rights of others in society, the better equipped they are to protect them-dd- Salil Shetty . Though we are all human beings, we have built walls between ourselves and our neighbors through nationalism, through race, caste, and class – which again breeds isolation, loneliness-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Where do universal human rights begin-qq- In small places, close to home – so close and so small that they cannot be seen on any maps of the world-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Oppression involves a failure of the imagination: the failure to imagine the full humanity of other human beings-dd- Margaret Atwood . I would like to be remembered as a person who wanted to be free… so other people would be also free-dd- Rosa Parks . I don’t want to be thought of as “the girl who was shot by the Taliban”, but “the girl who fought for education”-dd- This is the cause to which I want to devote my life-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Part 1-dd- I look forward confidently to the day when all who work for a living will be one with no thought to their separateness as Negroes, Jews, Italians or any other distinctions-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Part 2-dd- This will be the day when we bring into full realization the American dream – a dream yet unfulfilled-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Part 3-dd- A dream of equality of opportunity, of privilege and property widely distributed; a dream of a land where men will not take necessities from the many to give luxuries to the few-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Part 4-dd- A dream of a land where men will not argue that the color of a man’s skin determines the content of his character-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Part 5-dd- A dream of a nation where all our gifts and resources are held not for ourselves alone, but as instruments of service for the rest of humanity-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Part 6-dd- The dream of a country where every man will respect the dignity and worth of the human personality-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . I only ask to be free-dd- The butterflies are free-dd- Charles Dickens . I am not interested in picking up crumbs of compassion thrown from the table of someone who considers himself my master-dd- I want the full menu of rights-dd- Desmond Tutu . Differences are not intended to separate, to alienate-dd- We are different precisely in order to realize our need of one another-dd- Desmond Tutu . Men are held in great esteem in all parts of the world, so why shouldn’t women have their share-qq- Anne Frank . People can tell you to keep your mouth shut, but it doesn’t stop you from having your own opinion-dd- Anne Frank . Freedom is never granted-dd- It is earned by each generation… in the face of tyranny, cruelty, oppression, extremism, sometimes there is only one choice-dd- When the world looks to America, America looks to you, and you never let her down-dd- Hillary Clinton . So here I stand-dd- So here I stand, one girl, among many-dd- I speak not for myself, but so those without a voice can be heard-dd- Those who have fought for their rights-dd- Their right to live in peace-dd- Their right to be treated with dignity-dd- Their right to equality of opportunity-dd- Their right to be educated-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Be nice to the whites, they need you to rediscover their humanity-dd- Desmond Tutu . If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor-dd- Desmond Tutu . The only real prison is fear, and the only real freedom is freedom from fear-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . History is a record of the incessant struggle of humanity against ignorance and oppression-dd- Helen Keller . All of humanity is searching for truth, justice, and beauty-dd- Miguel Angel Ruiz . Art is not an end in itself, but a means of addressing humanity-dd- Modest Petrovich Mussorgsky . My painting carries with it the message of pain-dd- Frida Kahlo . I hope I shall be able to make some drawings in which there is something human-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . The very existence of libraries affords the best evidence that we may yet have hope for the future of man-dd- T-dd-S-dd- Eliot . Whatever helps to shape the human being – to make the individual what he is, or hinder him from being what he is not – is part of his education-dd- John Stuart Mill . Until we invent telepathy, books are our best choice for understanding the rest of humanity-dd- Christopher Paolini . The fundamental rights of [humanity] are, first: the right of habitation; second, the right to move freely; third, the right to the soil and subsoil, and to the use of it; fourth, the right of freedom of labor and of exchange; fifth, the right to justice; sixth, the right to live within a natural national organization; and seventh, the right to education-dd- Albert Schweitzer . When you’re socially awkward, you’re isolated more than usual, and when you’re isolated more than usual, your creativity is less compromised by what has already been said and done-dd- All your hope in life starts to depend on your craft, so you try to perfect it-dd- One reason I stay isolated more than the average person is to keep my creativity as fierce as possible-dd- Being the odd one out may have its temporary disadvantages, but more importantly, it has its permanent advantages-dd- Criss Jami . To the real artist in humanity, what are called bad manners are often the most picturesque and significant of all-dd- Walt Whitman . Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas-dd- Marie Curie . Out of the crooked timber of humanity, no straight thing was ever made-dd- Immanuel Kant . Every time an artist dies, part of the vision of mankind passes with him-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . Passion is universal humanity-dd- Without it religion, history, romance and art would be useless-dd- Honore de Balzac . Everybody is talented because everybody who is human has something to express-dd- Brenda Ueland . Man’s goodness is a flame that can be hidden but never extinguished-dd- Nelson Mandela . The human race is governed by its imagination-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . The fact that everybody in the world dreams every night ties all mankind together-dd- Jack Kerouac . Humanity can live without science, it can live without bread, but it cannot live without beauty-dd- Without beauty, there would be nothing left to do in this life-dd- Here the secret lies-dd- Here lies the entire story-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . I have no mercy or compassion in me for a society that will crush people, and then penalize them for not being able to stand up under the weight-dd- Malcolm X . We are not only all responsible for each other’s security-dd- We are also, in some measure, responsible for each other’s welfare-dd- Kofi Annan . Man is now only more active – not more happy – nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . One of the signs of passing youth is the birth of a sense of fellowship with other human beings as we take our place among them-dd- Virginia Woolf . I hope that people will finally come to realize that there is only one ‘race’ – the human race – and that we are all members of it-dd- Margaret Atwood . We are all connected-dd- When one arm or foot is poisoned, the whole body becomes infected-dd- Suzy Kassem . Every human being is a problem in search of a solution-dd- Ashley Montagu . The human mind is not a terribly logical or consistent place-dd- Jim Butcher . All the world’s a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed-dd- Seán O’Casey . Man, as a physical being, is like other bodies governed by invariable laws-dd- Baron de Montesquieu . It has been said that man is a rational animal-dd- All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this-dd- Bertrand Russell . I sometimes think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability-dd- Oscar Wilde . Part 1-dd- The human race may be compared to a writer-dd- At the outset a writer has often only a vague general notion of the plan of his work, and of the thought he intends to elaborate-dd- Felix Adler . Part 2-dd- As he proceeds, penetrating his material, laboring to express himself fitly, he lays a firmer grasp on his thought; he finds himself-dd- Felix Adler . Part 3-dd- So the human race is writing its story, finding itself, discovering its own underlying purpose, revising, recasting a tale pathetic often, yet none the less sublime-dd- Felix Adler . Doesn’t make any difference who we are or what we are, there’s always somebody to look down on-dd- Mark Twain . The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Human kind cannot bear much reality-dd- T-dd- S-dd- Eliot . Man is an embodied paradox, a bundle of contradictions-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . For those who have seen the Earth from space, and for the hundreds and perhaps thousands more who will, the experience most certainly changes your perspective-dd- The things that we share in our world are far more valuable than those which divide us-dd- Donald Williams . Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel-dd- Augustus Hare . All mankind is divided into three classes: those that are immovable, those that are movable, and those that move-dd- Benjamin Franklin . I care about the human race, and I strive to understand it-dd- Janice Tanton . Humanitarian convictions are the linchpins of our salvation-dd- Eric Maisel . The human spirit must prevail over technology-dd- Albert Einstein . It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity-dd- Unknown (falsy attributed to Albert Einstein, check here for more info) . Science is a beautiful gift to humanity; we should not distort it-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . Technology changes all the time; human nature, hardly ever-dd- Evgeny Morozov . If humanity doesn’t land on Mars in my lifetime, I would be very disappointed-dd- Elon Musk . A machine disregards human feelings… Machines make our life impersonal, stunt certain qualities in us, and create an impersonal environment-dd- Albert Einstein . Technology, like art, is a soaring exercise of the human imagination-dd- Daniel Bell . We already have – thanks to technology, development, skills, the efficiency of our work – enough resources to satisfy all human needs-dd- But we don’t have enough resources, and we are unlikely ever to have, to satisfy human greed-dd- Zygmunt Bauman . We must rapidly begin the shift from a ‘thing-oriented’ society to a ‘person-oriented’ society-dd- When machines and computers, profit motives and property rights are considered more important than people, the giant triplets of racism, materialism, and militarism are incapable of being conquered-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Think of it-dd- We are blessed with technology that would be indescribable to our forefathers-dd- We have the wherewithal, the know-it-all to feed everybody, clothe everybody, and give every human on Earth a chance-dd- We know now what we could never have known before – that we now have the option for all humanity to make it successfully on this planet in this lifetime-dd- Whether it is to be Utopia or Oblivion will be a touch-and-go relay race right up to the final moment-dd- R-dd- Buckminster Fuller . We’re all islands shouting lies to each other across seas of misunderstanding-dd- Rudyard Kipling . Whenever a new technology is introduced into society, there must be a counterbalancing human response – that is, high touch – or the technology is rejected… We must learn to balance the material wonders of technology with the spiritual demands of our human nature-dd- John Naisbitt . Soon silence will have passed into legend-dd- Man has turned his back on silence-dd- Day after day he invents machines and devices that increase noise and distract humanity from the essence of life, contemplation, meditation-dd- Jean Arp . It is questionable if all the mechanical inventions yet made have lightened the day’s toil of any human being-dd- John Stuart Mill . Our technology, our machines, is part of our humanity-dd- We created them to extend ourselves, and that is what is unique about human beings-dd- Ray Kurzweil . The human condition today is better than it’s ever been, and technology is one of the reasons for that-dd- Tom Clancy . Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons-dd- R-dd- Buckminster Fuller . Stone Age-dd- Bronze Age-dd- Iron Age-dd- We define entire epics of humanity by the technology they use-dd- Reed Hastings (Netflix) . Ultimately, it comes down to taste-dd- It comes down to trying to expose yourself to the best things that humans have done and then try to bring those things into what you’re doing-dd- Steve Jobs (Apple) . Humanity’s greatest advances are not in its discoveries but in how those discoveries are applied to reduce inequity-dd- Bill Gates (Microsoft) . The great myth of our times is that technology is communication-dd- Libby Larsen . Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master-dd- Christian Lous Lange . Technology and industry have distanced people from nature and magic and human values-dd- Laura Esquivel . While technology is important, it’s what we do with it that truly matters-dd- Muhammad Yunus . Technology made large populations possible; large populations now make technology indispensable-dd- Joseph Krutch . Every aspect of human technology has a dark side, including the bow and arrow-dd- Margaret Atwood . The great paradox of the 21st century is that, in this age of powerful technology, the biggest problems we face internationally are problems of the human soul-dd- Ralph Peters . The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do-dd- B-dd- F-dd- Skinner . I have an idealistic view of science as a liberalising and progressive force for humanity-dd- Paul Nurse . Science is but a perversion of itself unless it has as its ultimate goal the betterment of humanity-dd- Nikola Tesla . With the world’s human population now at seven billion and growing, and the demand for technology and modern conveniences increasing, we can’t control all our negative impacts-dd- But we have to find better ways to live within the limits nature and its cycles impose-dd- David Suzuki . We will surely get to our destination if we join hands-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Without forgiveness, there’s no future-dd- Desmond Tutu . Do you want to change the world-qq- Then change yourself first-dd- Sri Chinmoy . We shall require a substantially new manner of thinking if mankind is to survive-dd- Albert Einstein . My top priority is for people to understand that they have the power to change things themselves-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Many people are choosing to live a minimalist life out of concern for the environment-dd- Joshua Becker . I believe the lasting revolution comes from deep changes in ourselves which influence our collective life-dd- Anais Nin . Let us pick up our books and our pens, they are the most powerful weapons-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Education is education-dd- We should learn everything and then choose which path to follow-dd- Education is neither Eastern nor Western, it is human-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Racism is still with us-dd- But it is up to us to prepare our children for what they have to meet, and, hopefully, we shall overcome-dd- Rosa Parks . How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world-dd- Anne Frank . Man’s abiding happiness is not in getting anything but in giving himself up to what is greater than himself, to ideas which are larger than his individual life, the idea of his country, of humanity, of God-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Creating abundance is not about creating a life of luxury for everybody on this planet; it’s about creating a life of possibility-dd- Peter Diamandis . One should never direct people towards happiness, because happiness too is an idol of the market-place-dd- One should direct them towards mutual affection-dd- A beast gnawing at its prey can be happy too, but only human beings can feel affection for each other, and this is the highest achievement they can aspire to-dd- Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn . Imagine connecting with the human spirit in each person in any situation at any time-dd- Imagine interacting with others in a way that allows everyone’s need to be equally valued-dd- Imagine creating organizations and life-serving systems responsive to our needs and the needs of our environment-dd- Marshall Rosenberg . You cannot save people-dd- You can only love them-dd- Anais Nin . The UN wasn’t created to take mankind into paradise, but rather, to save humanity from hell-dd- Dag Hammarskjold . The day hunger disappears, the world will see the greatest spiritual explosion humanity has ever seen-dd- Federico Garcia Lorca . Certain periods in history suddenly lift humanity to an observation point where a clear light falls upon a world previously dark-dd- Anne Sullivan . Individual commitment to a group effort – that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work-dd- Vince Lombardi . I refuse to be in this world by myself-dd- I want an open commitment from the rest of the people-dd- Robert Rauschenberg . In this world the one thing supremely worth having is the opportunity to do well and worthily a piece of work of vital consequence to the welfare of mankind-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . There is nothing more practical than the preservation of beauty, than the preservation of anything that appeals to the higher emotions of mankind-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Humanitarianism consists in never sacrificing a human being to a purpose-dd- Albert Schweitzer . On personal integrity hangs humanity’s fate-dd- R-dd- Buckminster Fuller . Climate change does not respect border; it does not respect who you are – rich and poor, small and big-dd- Therefore, this is what we call global challenges, which require global solidarity-dd- Ban Ki-moon . I will never apologize for saying that the future of humanity and the future of the world is going to be defined by what we have in common as opposed to those things that separate us and ultimately lead us into conflict-dd- Barack Obama . There are still many causes worth sacrificing for, so much history yet to be made-dd- Michelle Obama . More than ever before in human history, we share a common destiny-dd- We can master it only if we face it together-dd- Kofi Annan . We need to create a world that is equitable, that is stable and a world where we bear in mind the needs of others, and not only what we need immediately-dd- We are all in the same boat-dd- Kofi Annan . I believe we have a responsibility not only to our contemporaries but also to future generations — a responsibility to preserve resources that belong to them as well as to us, and without which none of us can survive-dd- Kofi Annan . We are at the very beginning of time for the human race-dd- It is not unreasonable that we grapple with problems-dd- But there are tens of thousands of years in the future-dd- Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on-dd- Richard P-dd- Feynman . Man is an ape with possibilities-dd- Roy Chapman Andrews . Human salvation lies in the hands of the creatively maladjusted-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it’s the only thing that ever has-dd- Margaret Mead . Those who are crazy enough to think they can change the world usually do-dd- Steve Jobs . If everyone howled at every injustice, every act of barbarism, every act of unkindness, then we would be taking the first step towards a real humanity-dd- Nelson DeMille . Go on bravely-dd- Do not expect success in a day or a year-dd- Always hold on to the highest-dd- Be steady-dd- Avoid jealousy and selfishness-dd- Be obedient and eternally faithful to the cause of truth, humanity, and your country, and you will move the world-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Saving our planet requires you to be ambitious in what you aim, and, equally, in how hard you work to reach your goal-dd- Ban Ki-moon . The salvation of mankind lies only in making everything the concern of all-dd- Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn . The problems of all of humanity can only be solved by all of humanity-dd- Friedrich Durrenmatt . The awakening of consciousness is the next evolutionary step for mankind-dd- Eckhart Tolle . The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion-dd- Paulo Coelho . Let us fight for a new world, a decent world-xx- Charlie Chaplin . How far that little candle throws his beams-xx- So shines a good deed in a weary world-dd- William Shakespeare . 