Positivity always wins…Always-dd- Gary Vaynerchuk . Keep looking up… that’s the secret of life-dd- Charlie Brown . The first step is you have to say that you can-dd- Will Smith . Once you choose hope, anything’s possible-dd- Christopher Reeve . You can, you should, and if you’re brave enough to start, you will-dd- Stephen King . The best way to predict the future is to create it-dd- Abraham Lincoln . The best is yet to be-dd- Robert Browning . We can change our lives-dd- We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish-dd- Tony Robbins . A problem is a chance for you to do your best-dd- Duke Ellington . The most important thing is to look ahead-dd- The past is your anchor-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Miracles happen to those who believe in them-dd- Bernhard Berenson . With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Victory is in having done your best-dd- If you’ve done your best, you’ve won-dd- Billy Bowerman . Wherever you are, and whatever you do, be in love-dd- Rumi . Believe deep down in your heart that you’re destined to do great things-dd- Joe Paterno . In the end, everything will be okay-dd- If it’s not okay, it’s not yet the end-dd- Fernando Sabino . Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans-dd- It is lovely to be silly at the right moment-dd- Horace . One small positive thought can change your whole day-dd- Zig Ziglar . Joy is not in things; it is in us-dd- Richard Wagner . One person can make a difference, and everyone should try-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . How high you fly is derived from how big you think-dd- Robin Sharma . Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference-dd- Winston Churchill . Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines-dd- Robert Schuller . Optimism is a happiness magnet-dd- If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you-dd- Mary Lou Retton . Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . Live as if your prayers are to be answered-dd- Unknown . Positive anything is better than negative nothing-dd- Elbert Hubbard . Be the light in the dark, be the calm in the storm and be at peace while at war-dd- Mike Dolan . I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders-dd- Jewish proverb . Arise, awake and stop not till the goal is reached-dd- Swami Vivekananda . There are far, far better things ahead than anything we leave behind-dd- C-dd- S-dd- Lewis . Life has no limitations, except the ones you make-dd- Les Brown . Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all-dd- Dale Carnegie . The less you respond to negative people, the more positive your life will become-dd- Paulo Coelho . We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey-dd- Kenji Miyazawa . Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above them-dd- Washington Irving . I have decided to be happy, because it’s good for my health-dd- Voltaire . Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures-dd- H-dd- Jackson Brown (This is one of my favorite positive quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Change your thoughts and you change your world-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud-dd- Maya Angelou . Choose to be optimistic, it feels better-dd- Dalai Lama . Even though you’re fed up, you gotta keep your head up-dd- Tupac Shakur . Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing-dd- Abraham Lincoln . That which doesn’t kill us makes us stronger-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation-dd- Michael Jordan . I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life-dd- And that is why I succeed-dd- Michael Jordan . It makes a big difference in your life when you stay positive-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . I am thankful to all who said no to me-dd- It is because of them that I’m doing it myself-dd- Albert Einstein . The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible-dd- Winston Churchill . The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity-dd- The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty-dd- Winston Churchill . Dwell on the beauty of life-dd- Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them-dd- Marcus Aurelius . It doesn’t matter how slow you go, as long as you don’t stop-dd- Confucius . Never let your head hang down-dd- Never give up and sit down and grieve-dd- Find another way-dd- And don’t pray when it rains if you don’t pray when the sun shines-dd- Richard M-dd- Nixon . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . If you don’t like something change it-dd- If you can’t change it, change your attitude about it-dd- Don’t complain-dd- Maya Angelou . Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact-dd- William James . If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door-dd- Milton Berle . Our greatest weakness lies in giving up-dd- The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time-dd- Thomas Edison . There is a sense that things, if you keep positive and optimistic about what can be done, do work out-dd- Hillary Clinton . Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement-dd- Nothing can be done without hope or confidence-dd- Helen Keller . We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars-dd- Oscar Wilde . Remember: Every champion was once a contender that refused to give up-dd- Rocky Balboa . Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more-dd- Oprah Winfrey . I will go anywhere as long as it’s forward-dd- David Livingston . Positive thoughts lead to positive results-dd- Maria V-dd- Snyder . Create explosive confidence-dd- Robin Sharma . Everyday is a second chance-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Walk slowly but never walk backward-dd- Unknown . On the other side of the clouds is a bright blue sky-dd- Unknown . Keep a smile on your face-dd- Keep a spring in your step-dd- Joel Osteen . Stay positive; stay hopeful-dd- Joel Osteen . Turn every life situation into a positive one-dd- Rhonda Byrne . There is always something to be grateful for-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Miracles are born of conviction-dd- Marianne Williamson . Cheerfulness is the very flower of health-dd- . Light tomorrow with today-dd- Elizabeth Barrett Browning . Clear your mind of “cant”-dd- Samuel Johnson . Conviction is much more powerful than “positive thinking”-dd- The Stoic Emperor . The most important thing is to stay positive-dd- Saku Koivu . One thing at a time-dd- Most important thing first-dd- Start now-dd- Caroline Webb . If you tell yourself you feel fine, you will-dd- Jodi Picoult . Keep calm and keep learning-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . I am not a product of my circumstances-dd- I am a product of my decisions-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . We are limited, but we can push back the borders of our limitations-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . If you want it and expect it, it will be yours very soon-dd- Esther Hicks . There isn’t anything that I cannot be or do or have-dd- Abraham Hicks . The beginning is the most important part of any work-dd- Plato . Stay positive-dd- Forgive others-dd- Invest in yourself-dd- Trust your instincts-dd- Lead with an open heart-dd- Don’t let others ruin your day-dd- Do things that bring you joy-dd- Be of service to humanity-dd- Find your soul tribe-dd- Love yourself-dd- Lewis Howes . It took me quite a long time to develop a voice, and now that I have it, I am not going to be silent-dd- Madeleine Albright . First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do-dd- Epictetus . Few things in the world are more powerful than a positive push-dd- A smile-dd- A world of optimism and hope-dd- A ‘you can do it’ when things are tough-dd- Richard M-dd- DeVos . Being relaxed, at peace with yourself, confident, emotionally neutral loose, and free-floating – these are the keys to successful performance in almost everything-dd- Wayne Dyer . Everywhere you go, make positive deposits rather than negative withdrawals-dd- You can be a people builder-dd- Joel Osteen . Feed your inner person encouraging things that build you up and cause you to be positive, hopeful and, inspired-dd- Joel Osteen . A little progress each day adds up to big results-dd- Unknown . Sometimes the bad things that happen in our lives put us directly on the path to the best things that will ever happen to us-dd- Unknown . Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions-dd- Small people always do that, but the really great makes you feel that you, too, can become great-dd- Mark Twain . You have the power to be excellent-dd- To inspire everyone who intersects your path-dd- To innovate and make things better than ever before-dd- To wow customers-dd- And to stand for the best-dd- Will you-qq- Robin Sharma . We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . This very day can be the first day of your new life-dd- Robin Sharma . The most beautiful people I’ve known are those who have known trials, have known struggles, have known loss, and have found their way out of the depths-dd- Elisabeth Kübler-Ross . You’re stronger than you know-dd- You’re braver than you’ve been told-dd- You’re greater than you’ll ever imagine-dd- Robin Sharma . Positive thinking is empowering, positive action is achieving-dd- Dr T-dd-P-dd-Chia-dd- . The road to success is always under construction-dd- Lily Tomlin . Let’s make positivity louder-dd- Gary Vaynerchuk . Fall seven times, stand up eight-dd- Japanese proverb . All you really need is love, but a little chocolate now and then doesn’t hurt-dd- Charlie Brown . Learn from yesterday, live for today, look to tomorrow, rest this afternoon-dd- Charlie Brown . There is no angry way to say bubbles-dd- Unknown . Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting-dd- Christopher Morley . If you can’t be positive, at least stay quiet-dd- Joel Osteen . Spring is nature’s way of saying, ‘Let’s party-xx-’-dd- Robin Williams . Let peace be your middle name-dd- Ntathu Allen . A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort-dd- Herm Albright . You can’t stop the waves, but you can learn how to surf-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug-dd- Patricia Neal . People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day-dd- A-dd-A-dd- Milne (Winnie The Pooh) . The great majority of men are bundles of beginnings-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . You are joy, looking for a way to express-dd- Esther Hicks . The energy of the mind is the essence of life-dd- Aristotle . Of the 35000 decisions you make each day, how many are positive-qq- Negative-qq- Fear based-qq- Love based-qq- Maxime Lagacé . You reap fruit from the same kind of seed you’ve been sowing-dd- You can’t talk negative and expect to live positive-dd- Joel Osteen . Positive thoughts are not enough-dd- There have to be positive feelings and positive actions-dd- Kamari aka Lyrikal . Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . You cannot tailor-make the situations in life but you can tailor-make the attitudes to fit those situations-dd- Zig Ziglar . Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out-dd- John Wooden . Your positivity can become a castle around you which will protect you from the arrow of negativity-dd- Gurudev Shree Chitrabhanu . Your happiness can not be taken by the others if it is not given by the others-dd- Osho . Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one-dd- Bruce Lee . It only ends once-dd- Anything that happens before that is just progress-dd- Jacob (Lost) . When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it-dd- Henry Ford . There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . The harder the struggle, the more glorious the triumph-dd- Self-realization demands very great struggle-dd- Swami Sivananda . For a tree to become tall it must grow tough roots among the rocks-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do-dd- John Wooden . All bad things, like good things, must end-dd- Nihar Sharma . One joy scatters a hundred griefs-dd- Chinese proverb . One may go a long way after one is tired-dd- French proverb . Be happy-dd- It’s one way of being wise-dd- Colette . Sometimes the best thing you can do is not think, not wonder, not imagine, not obsess-dd- Just breathe, and have faith that everything will work out for the best-dd- Unknown . Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in-dd- Andrew Jackson . If you are positive, you’ll see opportunities instead of obstacles-dd- Widad Akrawi . Never let anyone to tell you that you need to be positive all the time; you are not a robot-dd- Paulo Coelho . Optimism is the most important human trait, because it allows us to evolve our ideas, to improve our situation, and to hope for a better tomorrow-dd- Seth Godin . Accept the fact that all events occur for a reason, and that it is within your capacity to see this reason as positive-dd- Robert Greene . The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials-dd- Chinese proverb . Better to be an optimist who gets disappointed than a pessimist who has no hope-dd- Robin Sharma . Faith is having a positive attitude about what you can do and not worrying at all about what you can’t do-dd- Joyce Meyer . I do not try to dance better than anyone else-dd- I only try to dance better than myself-dd- Arianna Huffington . Stay positive, all other choices are pointless punishments to your psyche-dd- Joe Peterson . No matter what the situation, remind yourself “I have a choice”-dd- Deepak Chopra . Positive thinking must be followed by positive doing-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Delete the negative; accentuate the positive-dd- Donna Karan . I will heighten my life by helping others heighten theirs-dd- Les Brown . Prepare to win the night before-dd- Robin Sharma . Life is tough, my darling, but so are you-dd- Stephanie Bennett-Henry . I am learning to trust the journey even when I do not understand it-dd- Mila Bron . Never stop doing your best just because someone doesn’t give you credit-dd- Unknown . A big part of being a well-adjusted person is accepting that you can’t be good at everything-dd- Kelly Williams Brown . He is richest who is content with the least, for contentment is the wealth of nature-dd- Socrates . Hold on to your dreams of a better life and stay committed to striving to realize it-dd- Earl G-dd- Graves Sr . You’ll have true happiness, true fulfillment, when you live to give, not live to get-dd- Joel Osteen . I really do believe I have everything I need to live a victorious life-dd- I don’t always feel like it or act like it, but I believe it-dd- Joyce Meyer . Positive thinking and visualizing my success were my keys to doing well-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . The most successful people in life are the ones who ask questions-dd- They’re always learning-dd- They’re always growing-dd- They’re always pushing-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Life is not accumulation, it’s about contribution-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him-dd- David Brinkley . I feel on top of the world, I feel incredible, I feel motivated, I feel empowered-dd- I am the master of my own destiny-dd- Maria Menounos . Talk health, happiness, and prosperity to every person you meet-dd- Christian D-dd- Larson . Work hard, stay positive, and get up early-dd- It’s the best part of the day-dd- George Allen . We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible-dd- Vince Lombardi . Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out-dd- Robert Collier . It will work if you forget all the reasons it will not-dd- Paulo Coelho . Expect problems and eat them for breakfast-dd- Alfred A-dd- Montapert . Happiness is anyone and anything that’s loved by you-dd- Charlie Brown . Why should I be unhappy-qq- Every parcel of my being is in full bloom-dd- Rumi . The cleverest of all, in my opinion, is the man who calls himself a fool at least once a month-dd- Fyodor Dostoevsky . The key to success is not through achievement, but through enthusiasm-dd- Malcolm Forbes . Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city-dd- George Burns . As you proceed through life, following your own path, birds will shit on you-dd- Don’t bother to brush it off-dd- Getting a comedic view of your situation gives you spiritual distance-dd- Having a sense of humor saves you-dd- Joseph Campbell . Happiness does not depend on your circumstances-dd- It’s a choice that you make-dd- Joel Osteen . Be generous with your compliments and stingy with your complaints-dd- Withhold the negative; express the positive-dd- Joel Osteen . Gratitude brings you more deeply into the present moment-dd- Eckhart Tolle . A good laugh overcomes more difficulties and dissipates more dark clouds than any other one thing-dd- Laura Ingalls Wilder . The best ideas come as jokes-dd- Make your thinking as funny as possible-dd- David Ogilvy . Do more things that make you forget to check your phone-dd- Unknown (See also: simplicity quotes) . You will never have this day again so make it count-dd- Unknown . Plan a day that makes you jump out of bed in the morning-dd- Unknown . The secret to happiness is letting every situation be what it is instead of what you think it should be-dd- Unknown . Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we can see the good in other people-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . When you think and say “I can”, confidence and happiness will fill your entire being-dd- Remez Sasson . Frame your mind to mirth and merriment which bars a thousand harms and lengthens life-dd- William Shakespeare . Passion pushes you to learn more, create more and to create better-dd- Best of all, it’s contagious-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . The way you start your day determines how well you live your day-dd- Robin Sharma . Hope is having a positive attitude about everything that happens in life no matter what it is-dd- Joyce Meyer . Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want-dd- Jim Rohn . From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Count your blessings, not your problems-dd- Zig Ziglar . Become the most positive and enthusiastic person you know-dd- Zig Ziglar . Be the attitude you want to be around-dd- Tim DeTellis . Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier-dd- Colin Powell . Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power-dd- William James . A positive mind finds opportunity in everything-dd- A negative mind finds fault in everything-dd- Unknown . Be gentle with yourself, you’re doing the best you can-dd- Unknown . You’re allowed to scream, you’re allowed to cry, but do not give up-dd- Unknown . Be happy not because everything is good, but because you can see the good side of everything-dd- Unknown . You must master a new way to think before you can master a new way to be-dd- Marianne Williamson . It’s not what happens to us but our response to what happens to us that hurts us-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Attitudes are contagious-dd- Are yours worth catching-qq- Dennis and Wendy Mannering . Optimism refuses to believe that the road ends without options-dd- Robert H-dd- Schuller . You can’t live a positive life thinking negative thoughts-dd- If it’s not positive, productive or faith-filled, don’t dwell on it-dd- Joel Osteen . Positive people have made up their mind to enjoy life-dd- They focus on the possibility—not the problem-dd- Joel Osteen . Being positive means that you will have fewer negative emotions, and even if a negative emotion arises you will be positive about it too by allowing the negative emotion to be rather than trying to push it away-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Positive thinking won’t let you do anything,but it will let you do everything better than negative thinking will-dd- Zig Ziglar . Practice being positive and exceptional so much that you just can’t be negative and average ever again-dd- Robin Sharma . A positive attitude gives you power over your circumstances instead of your circumstances having power over you-dd- Joyce Meyer . Stay positive in every situation and everything you do, never stop trying, have faith don’t stop due to failure-dd- Anurag Prakash Ray . Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking-dd- Marcus Aurelius . As we become more and more positive and more and more joyful, by our powerful example we uplift all of those around us-dd- Rhonda Byrne . The more positive thoughts you entertain, the happier you will become-dd- Rhonda Byrne . If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one-dd- Dolly Parton . Your thinking creates your world-dd- Robin Sharma . Love is a friendship set to music-dd- Joseph Campbell . The art of love is largely the art of persistence-dd- Albert Ellis . The moment we begin to seek love, love begins to seek us-dd- And to save us-dd- Paul Coelho . Associate yourself with men of good quality if you esteem your own reputation; for ’tis better to be alone than in bad company-dd- George Washington . Love in its essence is spiritual fire-dd- Seneca . Love is a master key which opens the gate of happiness-dd- Oliver Wedell Holmes . Surround yourself with positive people that lift, motivate and inspire you-dd- Joel Osteen . You cannot hang out with negative people and expect to live a positive life-dd- Joel Osteen . Don’t brood-dd- Get on with living and loving-dd- You don’t have forever-dd- Leo Buscaglia . The positive force of love can create anything good, increase the good things, and change anything negative in your life-dd- Rhonda Byrne . The greatest gift you can ever give another person is your own happiness-dd- Esther Hicks . Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward-dd- If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . And in the end, the love you take, is equal to the love you make-dd- Paul Mccartney . I swear I couldn’t love you more than I do right now, and yet I know I will tomorrow-dd- Leo Christopher . Positive thinking is the key which unlocks the doors of the world-dd- Samuel McChord Crothers . The positive energy and love we give to others, heals our own wounds-dd- Angie karan . Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love-dd- Mother Teresa . The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . Be weird-dd- Be random-dd- Be who you are-dd- Because you never know who would love the person you hide-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet-dd- Plato . You create your own universe as you go along-dd- Winston Churchill . Imagination is everything-dd- It is the preview of life’s coming attractions-dd- Albert Einstein . What a wonderful thought it is that some of the best days of our lives haven’t happened yet-dd- Anne Frank . The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire-dd- Ferdinand Foch . The real battle is taking place in your mind-dd- What you are dwelling on, that’s what you’re attracting-dd- Have a positive mindset-dd- Joel Osteen . The energy that you put out comes back to you-dd- Eckhart Tolle . When we are positive in our outlook and orientation, we tend to attract positive people and positive events and circumstances-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Every single second is an opportunity to change your life, because in any moment you can change the way you feel-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Hope is a positive expectation that something good is going to happen-dd- Joyce Meyer . No matter how small you start, always dream big-dd- Stephen Richards . Don’t just “hope” for a positive breakthrough; absolutely know it’s on the way-dd- Marianne Williamson . Imagine the most outrageously positive possibility for your life, claim it and consider it done-dd- Marianne Williamson . Whatever the mind can conceive it can achieve-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . When you are joyful, when you say yes to life and have fun and project positivity all around you, you become a sun in the center of every constellation, and people want to be near you-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Think the thought until you believe it, and once you believe it, it is-dd- Abraham Hicks . To bring anything into your life, imagine that it’s already there-dd- Richard Bach . The entire universe is a great theatre of mirrors-dd- Alice Bailey . Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Affirm the positive, visualize the positive and expect the positive, and your life will change accordingly-dd-Remez Sasson . I believe in Karma-dd- If the good is sown, the good is collected-dd- When positive things are made, that returns well-dd- Yannick Noah . Always believe that something wonderful is about to happen-dd- Sukhraj S-dd- Dhillon . Have great hopes and dare to go all out for them-dd- Have great dreams and dare to live them-dd- Have tremendous expectations and believe in them-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . There’s a direct correlation between positive energy and positive results-dd- Joe Rogan . To attract positive energy in your life, be positive in thoughts and action-dd- Anil Sinha . Genius is the ability to receive from the universe-dd- I Ching . If you can dream it, you can do it-dd- Walt Disney . Defeat is simply a signal to press onward-dd- Helen Keller . If there is no struggle, there is no progress-dd- Frederick Douglass . You never know how strong you are, until being strong is your only choice-dd- Bob Marley . Strength does not come from winning-dd- Your struggles develop your strengths-dd- When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . You don’t have to be positive all the time-dd- It’s perfectly okay to feel sad, angry, annoyed, frustrated, scared, or anxious-dd- Having feelings doesn’t make you a ‘negative person’-dd- It makes you human-dd- Lori Deschesne . If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought-dd- Peace Pilgrim . To expect defeat is nine-tenths of defeat itself-dd- Francis Crawford . Uncertainty is where things happen-dd- It is where the opportunities — for success, for happiness, for really living — are waiting-dd- Oliver Burkeman . Every negative situation contains the possibility for something positive, an opportunity-dd- It is how you look at it that matters-dd- Robert Greene . Something beautiful can happen to people when their world falls apart: humility, nobility and wisdom emerge just when our knees hit the floor-dd- Marianne Williamson . Anyone can hide-dd- Facing up to things, working through them, that’s what makes you strong-dd- Sarah Dessen . Beautiful things happen when you distance yourself from negativity-dd- Unknown . Sometimes things have to go very wrong before they can be right-dd- Unknown . Relax, breathe, and roll with it-dd- Unknown . Your past mistakes are meant to guide you not define you-dd- Unknown . Be strong because things will get better-dd- It may be stormy now but it never rains forever-dd- Evan Carmichael . Optimism is joyful searching; pessimism is a prison of fear and a clutching at illusionary safety-dd- Kathleen A-dd- Brehony . There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm-dd- Willa Cather . Dwelling on the negative simply contributes to its power-dd- Shirley MacLaine . To find happiness, quit focusing on what’s wrong with you and start focusing on what’s right with you-dd- Joel Osteen . When you fill your life with positive thoughts and feelings, you’ll find that guilt, resentment, and any negative feelings will leave you-dd- Rhonda Byrne . Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear-dd- If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . It is said that the darkest hour of the night comes just before the dawn-dd- Thomas Fuller . The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves-dd- Sophocles . Negativity is cannibalistic-dd- The more you feed it, the bigger and stronger it grows-dd- Bobby Darnell . Do not consider painful what is good for you-dd- Euripides . Find a place inside where there’s joy, and the joy will burn out the pain-dd- Joseph Campbell . Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work-dd- Aristotle . All happiness depends on courage and work-dd- Honoré de Balzac . The harder you work, the luckier you get-dd- Mike Adenuga . People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do-dd- Steve Jobs . All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination-dd- Earl Nightingale . Your smile is your logo, your personality is your business card, how you leave others feeling after having an experience with you becomes your trademark-dd- Jay Danzie . To build a successful business, you must start small and dream big-dd- In the journey of entrepreneurship, tenacity of purpose is supreme-dd- Aliko Dangote . Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises-dd- Demosthenes . Work banishes those three great evils, boredom, vice, and poverty-dd- Voltaire . Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction-dd- Anne Frank . A positive attitude will have positive results because attitudes are contagious-dd- Zig Ziglar . A diamond is a chunk of coal that did well under pressure-dd- Unknown . How hard you work matters more than how much you make-dd- Michelle Obama . The more you drive positive change, the more enhanced your business model-dd- Anand Mahindra . When you are inspired in your work, everything seems to fall into place-dd- Wayne Dyer . Our work is the presentation of our capabilities-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . You’ve achieved success in your field when you don’t know whether what you’re doing is work or play-dd- Warren Beatty . Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love-dd- David McCullough . We get what we want when we stay focused and do the work-dd- Barbara Lucas . An attitude of positive expectation is the mark of the superior personality-dd- Brian Tracy . A man succeeds in completing a work only when his qualities transcend that work-dd- Cesare Pavese . There is virtue in work and there is virtue in rest-dd- Use both and overlook neither-dd- Alan Cohen . Nothing worthwhile comes easily-dd- Work, continuous work and hard work, is the only way to accomplish results that last-dd- Hamilton Holt . Remember, work, well done, does good to the man who does it-dd- It makes him a better man-dd- George S-dd- Clason . If you love your work, if you enjoy it, you’re already a success-dd- Jack Canfield . You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Work hard at work worth doing-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . You reach a point where you don’t work for money-dd- Walt Disney . Change is inevitable-dd- Growth is optional-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Today’s a great day to change a life-dd- Starting with yours-dd- Robin Sharma . Change is hard at first, messy in the middle and gorgeous at the end-dd- Robin Sharma . The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Change is a part of life-dd- Sometimes it’s positive, and other times less so-dd- But regardless of what form it comes in, you have a choice: you can either ride the wave of change, or let it crash upon you as you struggle to remain afloat-dd- Tony Robbins . You cannot change reality, but you can control the manner in which you look at things-dd- Your attitude is under your own control-dd- Weed out the negative and focus on the positive-dd- Helen Steiner Rice . We are responsible for what we are, and whatever we wish ourselves to be, we have the power to make ourselves-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Instead of hating, I have chosen to forgive and spend all of my positive energy on changing the world-dd- Camryn Manheim . We cannot become what we want to be by remaining what we are-dd- Max DePree . It only takes one person to change your life: You-dd- Ruth Casey . Every great change is preceded by chaos-dd- Deepak Chopra . Times and conditions change so rapidly that we must keep our aim constantly focused on the future-dd- Walt Disney . The measure of intelligence is the ability to change-dd- Albert Einstein . One child, one teacher, one pen, and one book can change the world-dd- Malala Yousafzai . I truly believe the intention of creating positive change is so important to the collective consciousness-dd- When you have a group of people that have the intention and the capacity, talent, and intelligence to actualize those intentions, then you have something really powerful-dd- Jimmy Chin . Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change-dd- Jim Rohn . The world is more malleable than you think and it’s waiting for you to hammer it into shape-dd- Bono . Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . You are one decision away from a totally different life-dd- Mark Batterson . Why fit in when you were born to stand out-qq- Dr-dd- Seuss . Kid, you’ll move mountains-xx- Today is your day-xx- Your mountain is waiting, so get on your way-xx- Dr-dd- Seuss . Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations-dd- Zig Ziglar . If you fell down yesterday, stand up today-dd- H-dd-G-dd- Wells . We all can dance when we find music we love-dd- Giles Andreae . Do what you can, with what you have, where you are-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . You’re braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think-dd- A-dd-A-dd- Milne (Winnie The Pooh) . When you have a positive mindset, you can’t be defeated-dd- No matter what comes your way, shake it off and move forward-dd- Joel Osteen . Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind-dd- Be led by the dreams in your heart-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Don’t let what you can’t do stop you from doing what you can do-dd- John Wooden . It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters-dd- Epictetus . The dreamers are the saviors of the world-dd- James Allen . No one saves us but ourselves-dd- No one can and no one may-dd- We ourselves must walk the path-dd- Buddha . While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Inside of a ring or out, ain’t nothing wrong with going down-dd- It’s staying down that’s wrong-dd- Muhammad Ali . Surround yourself with positive people and situations, and avoid negativity-dd- Doreen Virtue . Build upon strengths, and weaknesses will gradually take care of themselves-dd- Joyce C-dd- Lock . If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges-dd- Pat Riley . Life’s challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they’re supposed to help you discover who you are-dd- Bernice Johnson Reagon . Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . If I persist long enough I will win-dd- Og Mandino . Focus on your potential instead of your limitations-dd- Alan Loy McGinnis . The only place where your dream becomes impossible is in your own thinking-dd- Robert H Schuller . Virtually nothing is impossible in this world if you just put your mind to it and maintain a positive attitude-dd- Lou Holtz . Our beliefs about what we are and what we can be precisely determine what we can be-dd- Tony Robbins . The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible-dd- Arthur C-dd- Clarke . Facing it, always facing it, that’s the way to get through-dd- Face it-dd- Joseph Conrad . Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success-dd- Dale Carnegie . Make improvements, not excuses-dd- Seek respect, not attention-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . When the going gets tough, the tough get going-dd- Joseph Kennedy . The question isn’t who’s going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me-dd- Ayn Rand . You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it-dd- Margaret Thatcher . Just because you fail once doesn’t mean you’re gonna fail at everything-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Your energy is contagious, so think about what you want people to catch from you-dd- Marie Forleo . There is a truth deep down inside of you that has been waiting for you to discover it, and that truth is this: you deserve all good things life has to offer-dd- Rhonda Byrne . She needed hero, so she became one-dd- Unknown . Positive thoughts = Positive life-dd- Mel Robbins . There’s power in looking silly and not caring that you do-dd- Amy Poehler . Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change-dd- Wayne W-dd- Dyer . Keep your face towards the sunshine and shadows will fall behind you-dd- Walt Whitman . 