There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires-dd- Buddha . Work out your own salvation-dd- Do not depend on others-dd- Buddha . If anything is worth doing, do it with all your heart-dd- Buddha . A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but if he is peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise-dd- Buddha . Do not look for a sanctuary in anyone except your self-dd- Buddha . No one saves us but ourselves-dd- No one can and no one may-dd- We ourselves must walk the path-dd- Buddha . To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as one’s own in the midst of abundance-dd- Buddha . All that we are is the result of what we have thought-dd- Buddha . If we fail to look after others when they need help, who will look after us-qq- Buddha . One who acts on truth is happy in this world and beyond-dd- Buddha . Give, even if you only have a little-dd- . Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely-dd- . Irrigators channel waters; fletchers straighten arrows; carpenters bend wood; the wise master themselves-dd- . Drop by drop is the water pot filled-dd- Likewise, the wise man, gathering it little by little, fills himself with good-dd- . Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace-dd- . If you knew what I know about the power of giving, you would not let a single meal pass without sharing it in some way-dd- . The root of suffering is attachment-dd- . Silence the angry man with love-dd- Silence the ill-natured man with kindness-dd- Silence the miser with generosity-dd- Silence the liar with truth-dd- . People with opinions just go around bothering each other-dd- . Even as a solid rock is unshaken by the wind, so are the wise unshaken by praise or blame-dd- . You yourself must strive-dd- The Buddhas only point the way-dd- . Nothing can harm you as much as your own thoughts unguarded-dd- . Meditate… do not delay, lest you later regret it-dd- . Understanding is the heartwood of well-spoken words-dd- . Ceasing to do evil, cultivating the good, purifying the heart: this is the teaching of the Buddhas-dd- . Delight in meditation and solitude-dd- Compose yourself, be happy-dd- You are a seeker-dd- . Ardently do today what must be done-dd- Who knows-qq- Tomorrow, death comes-dd- . What you are is what you have been-dd- What you’ll be is what you do now-dd- . If you propose to speak always ask yourself, is it true, is it necessary, is it kind-dd- . If you find no one to support you on the spiritual path, walk alone-dd- (This is one of my favorite Buddha quote-dd- Leave a reply and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Stop, stop-dd- Do not speak-dd- The ultimate truth is not even to think-dd- . We are what we think-dd- All that we are arises with our thoughts-dd- With our thoughts, we make the world-dd- . Just as the great ocean has one taste, the taste of salt, so also this teaching and discipline has one taste, the taste of liberation-dd- . The one in whom no longer exist the craving and thirst that perpetuate becoming; how could you track that Awakened one, trackless, and of limitless range-dd- . Endurance is one of the most difficult disciplines, but it is to the one who endures that the final victory comes-dd- . Long is the night to him who is awake; long is a mile to him who is tired; long is life to the foolish who do not know the true law-dd- . Whatever precious jewel there is in the heavenly worlds, there is nothing comparable to one who is Awakened-dd- . Our life is shaped by our mind; we become what we think-dd- Joy follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves-dd- . Like a fine flower, beautiful to look at but without scent, fine words are fruitless in a man who does not act in accordance with them-dd- . Our theories of the eternal are as valuable as are those which a chick which has not broken its way through its shell might form of the outside world-dd- . An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea-dd- . However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them-qq- . Chaos is inherent in all compounded things-dd- Strive on with diligence-dd- . Attachment leads to suffering-dd- . May all beings have happy minds-dd- . Born out of concern for all beings-dd- . I am the miracle-dd- . A jug fills drop by drop-dd- . Every human being is the author of his own health or disease-dd- . The tongue like a sharp knife… Kills without drawing blood-dd- . The way is not in the sky-dd- The way is in the heart-dd- . The mind is everything-dd- What you think you become-dd- . Peace comes from within-dd- Do not seek it without-dd- . You can only lose what you cling to-dd- . I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done-dd- . As you walk and eat and travel, be where you are-dd- Otherwise you will miss most of your life-dd- . The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows-dd- . A man asked Gautama Buddha, “I want happiness-dd-” Buddha said, “First remove “I,” that’s Ego, then remove “want,” that’s Desire-dd- See now, you are left with only “Happiness”-dd- . A family is a place where minds come in contact with one another-dd- . Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense-dd- . If your compassion does not include yourself, it is incomplete-dd- . In the end, only three things matter: how much you loved, how gently you lived, and how gracefully you let go of things not meant for you-dd- . The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground-dd- . A dog is not considered a good dog because he is a good barker-dd- A man is not considered a good man because he is a good talker-dd- . If we destroy something around us we destroy ourselves-dd- If we cheat another, we cheat ourselves-dd- . Every experience, no matter how bad it seems, holds within it a blessing of some kind-dd- The goal is to find it-dd- . Doubt everything-dd- Find your own light-dd- . A generous heart, kind speech, and a life of service and compassion are the things which renew humanity-dd- . Just as a snake sheds its skin, we must shed our past over and over again-dd- . When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky-dd- . Meditate-dd- Live purely-dd- Be quiet-dd- Do your work with mastery-dd- Like the moon, come out from behind the clouds-xx- Shine-dd- . My doctrine is not a doctrine but just a vision-dd- I have not given you any set rules, I have not given you a system-dd- . In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true-dd- . Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned-dd- . What you think you create, what you feel you attract, what you imagine you become-dd- . Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it-dd- . There has to be evil so that good can prove its purity above it-dd- . When you like a flower, you just pluck it-dd- But when you love a flower, you water it daily-dd- . It is better to travel well than to arrive-dd- . It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles-dd- Then the victory is yours-dd- It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell-dd- . If you truly loved yourself, you could never hurt another-dd- . Every morning we are born again-dd- What we do today is what matters most-dd- . Life is so very hard-dd- How can we be anything but kind-qq- . Live every act fully, as if it were your last-dd- . Virtue is persecuted more by the wicked than it is loved by the good-dd- . Nothing ever exists entirely alone; everything is in relation to everything else-dd- . Purity or impurity depends on oneself-dd- No one can purify another-dd- . To support mother and father, to cherish wife and child and to have a simple livelihood; this is the good luck-dd- . One moment can change a day, one day can change a life and one life can change the world-dd- . She who knows life flows, feels no wear or tear, needs no mending or repair-dd- . An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast; a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind-dd- . Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill-dd- . To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life; foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent-dd- . Should a seeker not find a companion who is better or equal, let them resolutely pursue a solitary course-dd- . If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change-dd- . True love is born from understanding-dd- . Radiate boundless love towards the entire world-dd- . You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection-dd- . Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals-dd- . Love is a gift of one’s inner most soul to another so both can be whole-dd- . Let all-embracing thoughts for all beings be yours-dd- . We will develop and cultivate the liberation of mind by lovingkindness, make it our vehicle, make it our basis, stabilize it, exercise ourselves in it, and fully perfect it-dd- . Hatred does not cease through hatred at any time-dd- Hatred ceases through love-dd- This is an unalterable law-dd- . As rain falls equally on the just and the unjust, do not burden your heart with judgments but rain your kindness equally on all-dd- . He who loves 50 people has 50 woes; he who loves no one has no woes-dd- . Kindness should become the natural way of life, not the exception-dd- . Speak only endearing speech, speech that is welcomed-dd- Speech, when it brings no evil to others, is a pleasant thing-dd- . One is not called noble who harms living beings-dd- By not harming living beings one is called noble-dd- . Being deeply learned and skilled, being well trained and using well spoken words: this is good luck-dd- . Just as a mother would protect her only child with her life, even so let one cultivate a boundless love towards all beings-dd- . In whom there is no sympathy for living beings: know him as an outcast-dd- . Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn’t learn a lot today, at least we learned a little, and if we didn’t learn a little, at least we didn’t get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn’t die; so, let us all be thankful-dd- . Those attached to the notion ‘I am’ and to views roam the world offending people-dd- . There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt-dd- Doubt separates people-dd- It is a poison that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations-dd- It is a thorn that irritates and hurts; it is a sword that kills-dd- . Men, driven on by thirst, run about like a snared hare; let therefore mendicant drive out thirst, by striving after passionlessness for himself-dd- . When one has the feeling of dislike for evil, when one feels tranquil, one finds pleasure in listening to good teachings; when one has these feelings and appreciates them, one is free of fear-dd- . The instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves-dd- . He is able who thinks he is able-dd- . It is a man’s own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways-dd- . Delight in heedfulness-xx- Guard well your thoughts-xx- . Everything is based on mind, is led by mind, is fashioned by mind-dd- If you speak and act with a polluted mind, suffering will follow you, as the wheels of the oxcart follow the footsteps of the ox-dd- . There is nothing so disobedient as an undisciplined mind, and there is nothing so obedient as a disciplined mind-dd- . A mind unruffled by the vagaries of fortune, from sorrow freed, from defilements cleansed, from fear liberated — this is the greatest blessing-dd- . Know from the rivers in clefts and in crevices: those in small channels flow noisily, the great flow silent-dd- Whatever’s not full makes noise-dd- Whatever is full is quiet-dd- . You are a seeker-dd- Delight in the mastery of your hands and your feet, of your words and your thoughts-dd- . See them, floundering in their sense of mine, like fish in the puddles of a dried-up stream — and, seeing this, live with no mine, not forming attachment for states of becoming-dd- . ‘As I am, so are these-dd- As are these, so am I-dd-’ Drawing the parallel to yourself, neither kill nor get others to kill-dd- . All experiences are preceded by mind, having mind as their master, created by mind-dd- . To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one’s family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one’s own mind-dd- If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him-dd- . All wrong-doing arises because of mind-dd- If mind is transformed can wrong-doing remain-qq- . What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday, and our present thoughts build our life of tomorrow: Our life is the creation of our mind-dd- . The one who has conquered himself is a far greater hero than he who has defeated a thousand times a thousand men-dd- . Transcendental intelligence rises when the intellectual mind reaches its limit and if things are to be realized in their true and essential nature, its processes of thinking must be transcended by an appeal to some higher faculty of cognition-dd- . I will not look at another’s bowl intent on finding fault: a training to be observed-dd- . The external world is only a manifestation of the activities of the mind itself, and the mind grasps it as an external world simply because of its habit of discrimination and false-reasoning-dd- The disciple must get into the habit of looking at things truthfully-dd- . Mind precedes all mental states-dd- Mind is their chief; they are all mind-wrought-dd- . If with a pure mind a person speaks or acts happiness follows him like his never-departing shadow-dd- . There is no path to happiness: happiness is the path-dd- . Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others-dd- . Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened-dd- Happiness never decreases by being shared-dd- . It is in the nature of things that joy arises in a person free from remorse-dd- . The enlightened one, intent on jhana, should find delight in the forest, should practice jhana at the foot of a tree, attaining his own satisfaction-dd- . Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment-dd- . Set your heart on doing good-dd- Do it over and over again, and you will be filled with joy-dd- . Should a person do good, let him do it again and again-dd- Let him find pleasure therein, for blissful is the accumulation of good-dd- . We are formed and molded by our thoughts-dd- Those whose minds are shaped by selfless thoughts give joy when they speak or act-dd- Joy follows them like a shadow that never leaves them-dd- . Resolutely train yourself to attain peace-dd- . Indeed, the sage who’s fully quenched rests at ease in every way; no sense desire adheres to him whose fires have cooled, deprived of fuel-dd- All attachments have been severed, the heart’s been led away from pain; tranquil, he rests with utmost ease-dd- The mind has found its way to peace-dd- . Do not turn away what is given you, nor reach out for what is given to others, lest you disturb your quietness-dd- . Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace-dd- . Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life-dd- . Looking deeply at life as it is in this very moment, the meditator dwells in stability and freedom-dd- . Meditation brings wisdom; lack of mediation leaves ignorance-dd- Know well what leads you forward and what hold you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom-dd- . Whatever a monk keeps pursuing with his thinking and pondering, that becomes the inclination of his awareness-dd- . The fool who knows he is a fool is that much wiser-dd- . Whatever has the nature of arising has the nature of ceasing-dd- . Unity can only be manifested by the Binary-dd- Unity itself and the idea of Unity are already two-dd- . What is the appropriate behavior for a man or a woman in the midst of this world, where each person is clinging to his piece of debris-qq- What’s the proper salutation between people as they pass each other in this flood-qq- . The greatest gift is to give people your enlightenment, to share it-dd- It has to be the greatest-dd- . When watching after yourself, you watch after others-dd- When watching after others, you watch after yourself-dd- . Let none find fault with others; let none see the omissions and commissions of others-dd- But let one see one’s own acts, done and undone-dd- . The true master lives in truth, in goodness and restraint, non-violence, moderation, and purity-dd- . Offend in neither word nor deed-dd- Eat with moderation-dd- Live in your heart-dd- Seek the highest consciousness-dd- Master yourself according to the law-dd- This is the simple teaching of the awakened-dd- . Life is like the harp string, if it is strung too tight it won’t play, if it is too loose it hangs, the tension that produces the beautiful sound lies in the middle-dd- . Do not believe in anything simply because you have heard it-dd- Do not believe in anything simply because it is spoken and rumored by many-dd- Do not believe in anything simply because it is found written in your religious books-dd- Do not believe in anything merely on the authority of your teachers and elders-dd- Do not believe in traditions because they have been handed down for many generations-dd- But after observation and analysis, when you find that anything agrees with reason and is conducive to the good and benefit of one and all, then accept it and live up to it-dd- . Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind-dd- To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue-dd- . The wise ones fashioned speech with their thought, sifting it as grain is sifted through a sieve-dd- . The virtues, like the Muses, are always seen in groups-dd- A good principle was never found solitary in any breast-dd- . Someone who has set out in the vehicle of a Bodhisattva should decide that ‘I must lead all the beings to nirvana, into that realm of nirvana which leaves nothing behind’-dd- What is this realm of nirvana which leaves nothing behind -qq- . Nothing is forever except change-dd- . There is no fire like passion, there is no shark like hatred, there is no snare like folly, there is no torrent like greed-dd- . Both formerly and now, it is only suffering that I describe, and the cessation of suffering-dd- . He who can curb his wrath as soon as it arises, as a timely antidote will check snake’s venom that so quickly spreads, — such a monk gives up the here and the beyond, just as a serpent sheds its worn-out skin-dd- . May all that have life be delivered from suffering-dd- . It is easy to see the faults of others, but difficult to see one’s own faults-dd- One shows the faults of others like chaff winnowed in the wind, but one conceals one’s own faults as a cunning gambler conceals his dice-dd- . You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger-dd- . Wear your ego like a loose fitting garment-dd- . Some do not understand that we must die, but those who do realize this settle their quarrels-dd- . Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world-dd- By non-hatred alone is hatred appeased-dd- This is a law eternal-dd- . All tremble at violence; all fear death-dd- Putting oneself in the place of another, one should not kill nor cause another to kill-dd- . I do not dispute with the world; rather it is the world that disputes with me-dd- . They blame those who remain silent, they blame those who speak much, they blame those who speak in moderation-dd- There is none in the world who is not blamed-dd- . Those who cling to perceptions and views wander the world offending people-dd- . Whoever doesn’t flare up at someone who’s angry wins a battle hard to win-dd- . Anger will never disappear so long as thoughts of resentment are cherished in the mind-dd- Anger will disappear just as soon as thoughts of resentment are forgotten-dd- . Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others-dd- He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind-dd- . Neither fire nor wind, birth nor death can erase our good deeds-dd- . Should you find a wise critic to point out your faults, follow him as you would a guide to hidden treasure-dd- . As an elephant in the battlefield withstands arrows shot from bows all around, even so shall I endure abuse-dd- . Praise and blame, gain and loss, pleasure and sorrow come and go like the wind-dd- To be happy, rest like a giant tree in the midst of them all-dd- . In separateness lies the world’s greatest misery; in compassion lies the world’s true strength-dd- . Be a lamp for yourselves-dd- Be your own refuge-dd- Seek for no other-dd- All things must pass-dd- Strive on diligently-dd- Don’t give up-dd- . Better it is to live one day seeing the rise and fall of things than to live a hundred years without ever seeing the rise and fall of things-dd- . If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading-dd- . Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship-dd- Buddha . To keep the body in good health is a duty… otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear-dd- . Without health life is not life; it is only a state of langour and suffering – an image of death-dd- . The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, not to worry about the future, not to anticipate the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly-dd- . Those who have failed to work toward the truth have missed the purpose of living-dd- . Teach this triple truth to all: A generous heart, kind speech, and a life of service and compassion are the things which renew humanity-dd- . There are two mistakes one can make along the road to truth…not going all the way, and not starting-dd- . The calmed say that what is well-spoken is best; second, that one should say what is right, not unrighteous; third, what’s pleasing, not displeasing; fourth, what is true, not false-dd- . Conquer the angry one by not getting angry; conquer the wicked by goodness; conquer the stingy by generosity, and the liar by speaking the truth-dd- . Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth-dd- . If you use your mind to look for a Buddha, you won’t see the Buddha-dd- Bodhidharma . And the Buddha is the person who’s free: free of plans, free of cares-dd- Bodhidharma . As long as you look for a Buddha somewhere else, you’ll never see that your own mind is the Buddha-dd- Bodhidharma . Buddha means awareness, the awareness of body and mind that prevents evil from arising in either-dd- Bodhidharma . Buddhas don’t practice nonsense-dd- Bodhidharma . A Buddha is someone who finds freedom in good fortune and bad-dd- Bodhidharma . Buddhas move freely through birth and death, appearing and disappearing at will-dd- Bodhidharma . But deluded people don’t realize that their own mind is the Buddha-dd- They keep searching outside-dd- Bodhidharma . To find a Buddha all you have to do is see your nature-dd- Bodhidharma . No one can force us to transform our minds, not even Buddha-dd- We must do so voluntarily-dd- Therefore Buddha stated, ‘You are your own master’-dd- Dalai Lama . The color of the mountains is Buddha’s body; the sound of running water is his great speech-dd- Dogen . The Buddha and all sentient beings are nothing but expressions of the one mind-dd- There is nothing else-dd- Huang Po . To awaken suddenly to the fact that your own Mind is the Buddha, that there is nothing to be attained or a single action to be performed-dd- This is the Supreme Way-dd- Huang Po . The words of the Buddha offer this truth: Hatred never ceases by hatred but by love alone is healed-dd- Jack Kornfield . Respect Buddha and the gods without counting on their help-dd- Miyamoto Musashi . Even the buddha does not want anyone to follow him-dd- Even the greatest masters cannot give you a single commandment-dd- They see you so uniquely you, they see your freedom to be so uniquely for you-dd- Osho . Just two small things: meditation and let-go-dd- Remember these two key words: meditation and surrender-dd- Meditation will take you in, and surrender will take you into the whole-dd- And this is the whole of religion-dd- Within these two words Buddha has condensed the whole essence of religion-dd- Osho . There is no need for God-xx- If you want to meditate you can meditate without God-dd- Buddha meditated without God; he had no belief in God-dd- Osho . A Buddha is a Buddha, a Krishna is a Krishna, and you are you-dd- Osho . He taught virtue, mindfulness, and wisdom-dd- These are the three pillars of Buddhist practice, as well as the wellsprings of everyday well-being, psychological growth, and spiritual realization-dd- Rick Hanson . If you cannot bow to Buddha, you cannot be a Buddha-dd- It is arrogance-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Buddha says there are two kinds of suffering: the kind that leads to more suffering and the kind that brings an end to suffering-dd- Terry Tempest Williams . You need to have confidence that you have the capacity to become a Buddha, the capacity of transformation and healing-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun-dd- Alan Watts . The only thing that is ultimately real about your journey is the step that you are taking at this moment-dd- That’s all there ever is-dd- Alan Watts . Everything in moderation, including moderation-dd- Buddhist saying . Learning to let go should be learned before learning to get-dd- Life should be touched, not strangled-dd- You’ve got to relax, let it happen at times, and at others move forward with it-dd- Ray Bradbury . Even if things don’t unfold the way you expected, don’t be disheartened or give up-dd- One who continues to advance will win in the end-dd- Daisaku Ikeda . If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher-dd- Pema Chödrön . Awareness is the greatest agent for change-dd- Huang Po . Zen has no business with ideas-dd- Suzuki Roshi . To understand everything is to forgive everything-dd- Osho . We are not going in circles, we are going upwards-dd- The path is a spiral; we have already climbed many steps-dd- Hermann Hesse . The secret of Buddhism is to remove all ideas, all concepts, in order for the truth to have a chance to penetrate, to reveal itself-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If you want to change the world, start with the next person who comes to you in need-dd- Maezumi Roshi . We are here to awaken from our illusion of separateness-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . When you do something, you should burn yourself up completely, like a good bonfire, leaving no trace of yourself-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Wherever you are, be there totally-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Only the hand that erases can write the true thing-dd- Meister Eckhart . Treat every moment as your last-dd- It is not preparation for something else-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Letting go gives us freedom, and freedom is the only condition for happiness-dd- If, in our heart, we still cling to anything – anger, anxiety, or possessions – we cannot be free-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . If in our daily life we can smile, if we can be peaceful and happy, not only we, but everyone will profit from it-dd- This is the most basic kind of peace work-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . It is possible to live happily in the here and now-dd- So many conditions of happiness are available – more than enough for you to be happy right now-dd- You don’t have to run into the future in order to get more-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . In a gentle way, you can shake the world-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is an attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Nobody can hurt me without my permission-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . All know the way; few actually walk it-dd- Bodhidharma . The mind’s capacity is limitless, and its manifestations are inexhaustible-dd- Seeing forms with your eyes, hearing sounds with your ears, smelling odors with your nose, tasting flavors with your tongue, every movement or state is all your mind-dd- Bodhidharma . To seek is to suffer-dd- To seek nothing is bliss-dd- Bodhidharma . Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall-dd- Confucius . It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop-dd- Confucius . Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change-dd- Confucius . Be kind whenever possible-dd- It is always possible-dd- Dalai Lama . Remember that the best relationship is one in which your love for each other exceeds your need for each other-dd- Dalai Lama . My religion is very simple-dd- My religion is kindness-dd- Dalai Lama . Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished-dd- Lao Tzu . Health is the greatest possession-dd- Contentment is the greatest treasure-dd- Confidence is the greatest friend-dd- Non-being is the greatest joy-dd- Lao Tzu . Mastering others is strength-dd- Mastering yourself is true power-dd- Lao Tzu . Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something-dd- Plato . We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light-dd- Plato . You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation-dd- Plato . Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom-dd- Aristotle . Happiness depends upon ourselves-dd- Aristotle . Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all-dd- Aristotle . It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society-dd- Jiddu Krisnamurti . If you begin to understand what you are without trying to change it, then what you are undergoes a transformation-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Tradition becomes our security, and when the mind is secure it is in decay-dd- Jiddu Krisnamurti . You have to grow from the inside out-dd- None can teach you, none can make you spiritual-dd- There is no other teacher but your own soul-dd- Swami Vivekananda . We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think-dd- Words are secondary-dd- Thoughts live; they travel far-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Take up one idea-dd- Make that one idea your life; dream of it; think of it; live on that idea-dd- Let the brain, the body, muscles, nerves, every part of your body be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone-dd- This is the way to success, and this is the way great spiritual giants are produced-dd- Swami Vivekananda . True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing-dd- Socrates . He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature-dd- Socrates . Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel-dd- Socrates . Life begins where fear ends-dd- Osho . Friendship is the purest love-dd- It is the highest form of Love where nothing is asked for, no condition, where one simply enjoys giving-dd- Osho . Truth is not something outside to be discovered, it is something inside to be realized-dd- Osho . The whole secret of existence is to have no fear-dd- Never fear what will become of you, depend on no one-dd- Only the moment you reject all help are you freed-dd- Buddha . 