Life, if well lived, is long enough-dd- Seneca . The two most powerful warriors are patience and time-dd- Leo Tolstoy . The present time has one advantage over every other – it is our own-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind-dd- Nathaniel Hawthorne . Life isn’t a matter of milestones, but of moments-dd- Rose Kennedy . Every second is of infinite value-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . The future has a way of arriving unannounced-dd- George F-dd- Will . Whether it’s the best of times or the worst of times, it’s the only time we’ve got-dd- Art Buchwald . You will never find time for anything-dd- If you want time you must make it-dd- Charles Buxton . Enjoy yourself-dd- It’s later than you think-dd- Chinese proverb . Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time-dd- Marthe Troly-Curtin . Don’t wait-dd- The time will never be just right-dd- Napoleon Hill . How we spend our days, is, of course, how we spend our lives-dd- Annie Dillard . A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life-dd- Charles Darwin . Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life-dd- Steve Jobs . Waste no more time arguing about what a good person should be-dd- Be one-dd- Marcus Aurelius . To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else-dd- Emily Dickinson . It is not that we have a short time to live, but that we waste a lot of it-dd- Seneca (On The Shortness Of Life) . We should always allow some time to elapse, for time discloses the truth-dd- Seneca . The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately-dd- Seneca . As if you could kill time without injuring eternity-dd- Henry David Thoreau . We feast on time as time feasts on us-dd- Maria Popova . Do we need more time-qq- Or do we need to be more disciplined with the time we have-qq- Kerry Johnson . People often complain about lack of time when lack of direction is the real problem-dd- Zig Ziglar . Until you value yourself, you won’t value your time-dd- Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . I recommend you take care of the minutes and the hours will take care of themselves-dd- Earl of Chesterfield . Time is what we want most, but what we use worst-dd- William Penn . Ordinary people think merely of spending time, great people think of using it-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Dost thou love life-qq- Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Relentlessly prune bullshit, don’t wait to do things that matter, and savor the time you have-dd- That’s what you do when life is short-dd- Paul Graham . Time is the coin of your life-dd- It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent-dd- Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you-dd- Carl Sandburg . Shard by shard we are released from the tyranny of so-called time-dd- Patti Smith . We go back and forth between being time’s master and its victim-dd- James Gleick . Your time is your life-dd- That is why the greatest gift you can give someone is your time-dd- Rich Warren . Lack of time is actually lack of priorities-dd- Tim Ferriss (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished-dd- Lao Tzu . Time is the devourer of everything-dd- Ovid . I never think of the future – it comes soon enough-dd- Albert Einstein . The only reason for time is so that everything doesn’t happen at once-dd- Albert Einstein . Lost wealth may be replaced by industry, lost knowledge by study, lost health by temperance or medicine, but lost time is gone forever-dd- Samuel Smiles . Life is long enough, and a sufficiently generous amount has been given to us for the highest achievements if it were all well invested-dd- Seneca . You can have it all-dd- Just not all at once-dd- Oprah Winfrey . The time is always right to do what is right-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Lost time is never found again-dd- Benjamin Franklin . You may delay, but time will not-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Never leave ’till tomorrow which you can do today-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Truth alone will endure, all the rest will be swept away before the tide of time-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . I have been impressed with the urgency of doing-dd- Knowing is not enough; we must apply-dd- Being willing is not enough; we must do-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . It is looking at things for a long time that ripens you and gives you a deeper meaning-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . Yesterday is gone-dd- Tomorrow has not yet come-dd- We have only today-dd- Let us begin-dd- Mother Teresa . The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago-dd- The second best time is now-dd- Chinese proverb . All great achievements require time-dd- Maya Angelou . There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony-dd- There is time for work-dd- And time for love-dd- That leaves no other time-dd- Coco Chanel . We must use time creatively, and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right-dd- Nelson Mandela . Time is really the only capital that any human being has, and the only thing he can’t afford to lose-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them-dd- Henry Ford . The years teach much which the days never know-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . We must use time as a tool, not as a couch-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Better three hours too soon than a minute too late-dd- William Shakespeare . The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Time is money-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Forever is composed of nows-dd- Emily Dickinson . Time is long but life is short-dd- Stevie Wonder . I don’t have time is just saying it’s not a priority-dd- Naval Ravikant . Time is a construction of our consciousness-dd- Maria Popova . If one has no time, one has also lost oneself-dd- Marc Wittmann . To choose time, is to save time-dd- Francis Bacon . Too often too late comes too soon-dd- Dr-dd- SunWolf . Things change, and time is how we keep track-dd- James Gleick . Time isn’t the main thing-dd- It’s the only thing-dd- Miles Davis . Time brings all things to pass-dd- Aeschylus . Time is the fire in which we burn-dd- Gene Roddenberry . Time is the wisest counselor of all-dd- Pericles . Time is non-refundable, use it with intention-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Live your own life by a compass not a clock-dd- Unknown . Everything gets better with time-dd- Unknown . Give yourself time-dd- Unknown . Time is a drug; too much of it kills you-dd- Terry Pratchett . Only time can heal what reason cannot-dd- Seneca . Whatever begins, also ends-dd- Seneca . Time itself comes in drops-dd- William James . In time and with water, everything changes-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Time stays long enough for those who use it-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . The bad news is time flies-dd- The good news is you’re the pilot-dd- Michael Altshuler . No time like the present-dd- Mrs-dd- Manley . Time is an illusion-dd- Albert Einstein . Time is an illusion-dd- Lunchtime doubly so-dd- Douglas Adams . Time will explain-dd- Jane Austen . In such seconds of decision entire futures are made-dd- Dan Simmons . Light tomorrow with today-xx- Elizabeth Barrett Browning . The time for action is now-dd- It’s never too late to do something-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you’ll never get it done-dd- Bruce Lee . Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn-dd- Harriet Beecher Stowe . Determine never to be idle-dd- No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any-dd- It is wonderful how much can be done if we are always doing-dd- Thomas Jefferson . Lost, yesterday, somewhere between Sunrise and Sunset, two golden hours, each set with sixty diamond minutes-dd- No reward is offered, for they are gone forever-dd- Horace Mann . Mental time-travel is one of the greatest gifts of the mind-dd- It makes us human, and it makes us special-dd- Claudia Hammond . You cannot always wait for the perfect time-dd- Sometimes you must dare to jump-dd- Unknown . Once you have mastered time, you will understand how true it is that most people overestimate what they can accomplish in a year – and underestimate what they can achieve in a decade-xx- Tony Robbins . If time and reason are functions of each other, if we are creatures of time, then we had better know it, and try to make the best of it-dd- To act responsibly-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . I don’t think it is possible to contribute to the present moment in any meaningful way while being wholly engulfed by it-dd- It is only by stepping out of it, by taking a telescopic perspective, that we can then dip back in and do the work which our time asks of us-dd- Maria Popova . You must match time’s swiftness with your speed in using it, and you must drink quickly as though from a rapid stream that will not always flow-dd- Seneca . An hour, once it lodges in the queer element of the human spirit, may be stretched to fifty or a hundred times its clock length-dd- Virginia Woolf . The perfect time to do what you love is now-dd- Neil Strauss . If you want to make good use of your time, you’ve got to know what’s most important and then give it all you’ve got-dd- Lee Iacocca . Don’t let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it-dd- The time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use-dd- Earl Nightingale . Much may be done in those little shreds and patches of time which every day produces, and which most men throw away-dd- Charles Caleb Colton . Time is your most important resource-dd- You can do so much in ten minutes-dd- Ingvar Kamprad . Realize that now, in this moment of time, you are creating-dd- You are creating your next moment-dd- That is what’s real-dd- Sara Paddison . Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago-dd- Warren Buffett . There’s never enough time to do all the nothing you want-dd- Bill Watterson . Who knows where the time goes-qq- Nina Simone . How did it get so late so soon-qq- Dr-dd- Seuss . Time-xx- The corrector when our judgments err-dd- Lord Byron . I love deadlines-dd- I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by-dd- Douglas Adams . Across the morning sky, all the birds are leaving-dd- How can they know that it’s time to go-qq- Nina Simone . Pretend to be good all the time, and even God will be fooled-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Never put off till tomorrow what you can do day after tomorrow just as well-dd- Mark Twain . If it weren’t for the last minute, nothing would get done-dd- Rita Mae Brown . Wasting time is something that people do or feel all over the world, not just in Italy-dd- Paolo Sorrentino . Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time-dd- Steven Wright . Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana-dd- Groucho Marx . I would have written a shorter letter, but I did not have the time-dd- Mark Twain . I’ve been on a calendar, but never on time-dd- Marilyn Monroe . If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace-dd- Thomas Paine . No man is quick enough to enjoy life to the full-dd- Spanish proverb . Who controls the past, controls the future: who controls the present controls the past-dd- George Orwell . Those who make the worst use of their time are the first to complain of its shortness-dd- Jean de la Bruyere . Time is: too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear-dd- Henry Van Dyke . Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them-dd- Dion Boucicault . You are a product of how you spend your time-dd- Sunday Adelaja . Time is probably the most incomprehensible, mysterious, destructive and illusory phenomenon in the world-dd- The Ancient Sage . Time is the substance I am made of-dd- Time is a river which sweeps me along, but I am the river; it is a tiger which destroys me, but I am the tiger; it is a fire which consumes me, but I am the fire-dd- Jorge Luis Borges . Both in thought and in feeling, even though time be real, to realise the unimportance of time is the gate of wisdom-dd- Bertrand Russell . Time isn’t precious at all, because it is an illusion-dd- What you perceive as precious is not time but the one point that is out of time: the Now-dd- That is precious indeed-dd- The more you are focused on time—past and future—the more you miss the Now, the most precious thing there is-dd- Eckhart Tolle . To save time, stop looking for shortcuts-dd- Shane Parrish (See also: 10 Ways To Save Time Every Day) . In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . You are living as if destined to live for ever; your own frailty never occurs to you; you don’t notice how much time has already passed, but squander it as though you had a full and overflowing supply — though all the while that very day which you are devoting to somebody or something may be your last-dd- Seneca (On The Shortness Of Life) . Nobody works out the value of time: men use it lavishly as if it cost nothing… We have to be more careful in preserving what will cease at an unknown point-dd- Seneca . The moment is not properly an atom of time but an atom of eternity-dd- It is the first reflection of eternity in time, its first attempt, as it were, at stopping time-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . Time — particularly our experience of it as a continuity of successive moments — is a cognitive illusion rather than an inherent feature of the universe, a construction of human consciousness and perhaps the very hallmark of human consciousness-dd- Maria Popova . My past is everything I failed to be-dd- Fernando Pessoa . We may be born alone, but childhood ends with a synchrony of clocks, as we lend ourselves fully to the contagion of time-dd- Alan Burdick . Timelessness — in the sense of time never ending, never beginning — is a stagnant nothing-dd- Thomas Mann . Time is a brisk wind, for each hour it brings something new… but who can understand and measure its sharp breath, its mystery and its design-qq- Paracelsus . Is there anything we know more intimately than the fleetingness of time, the transience of each and every moment-qq- Rebecca Goldstein . Time is a dictator, as we know it-dd- Where does it go-qq- What does it do-qq- Most of all, is it alive-qq- Is it a thing that we cannot touch and is it alive-qq- Nina Simone . Reality is never and nowhere more accessible than in the immediate moment of one’s own life-dd- Franz Kafka . Time is a feature of creation, and the creator remains apart from it, transcendent over it-dd- James Gleick . The finest workers in stone are not copper or steel tools, but the gentle touches of air and water working at their leisure with a liberal allowance of time-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Time is a gift that most of us take for granted-dd- Cheryl Richardson . Patience and time do more than strength or passion-dd- Jean de La Fontaine . The wisest are the most annoyed at the loss of time-dd- Dante Alighieri . Time is the ultimate currency and I should have been more tight fisted with it-dd- Naval Ravikant . Do everything you were going to do, but with less angst, less suffering, less emotion-dd- Everything takes time-dd- Naval Ravikant . Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely-dd- Auguste Rodin . Who forces time is pushed back by time; who yields to time finds time on his side-dd- The Talmud . Time is generally the best doctor-dd- Ovid . Time is free, but it’s priceless-dd- You can’t own it, but you can use it-dd- You can’t keep it, but you can spend it-dd- Once you’ve lost it, you can never get it back-dd- Harvey Mackay . People are frugal in guarding their personal property; but as soon as it comes to squandering time they are most wasteful of the one thing in which it is right to be stingy-dd- Seneca (On The Shortness Of Life) . Let the refining and improving of your own life keep you so busy that you have little time to criticize others-dd- Unknown . The best thing about time passing is the privilege of running out of it, of watching the wave of mortality break over me and everyone I know-dd--dd- Sarah Manguso . To man, time is given like a piece of land, as it were, entrusted to him for faithful tilling; a space in which to strive incessantly, achieve self-realization, move onward and upward-dd- Thomas Mann . Time is the cruelest teacher; first she gives the test, then teaches the lesson-dd- Leonard Bernstein . We will never have total control over this extraordinary dimension-dd- Time will warp and confuse and baffle and entertain however much we learn about its capacities-dd- Claudia Hammond . Time is not only at the heart of the way we organize life, but the way we experience it-dd- Claudia Hammond . The more we learn, the more we can shape it to our will and destiny-dd- Claudia Hammond . We can slow it down or speed it up-dd- We can hold on to the past more securely and predict the future more accurately-dd- Claudia Hammond . Presence means becoming aware of a physical and psychic self that is temporally extended-dd- To be self-conscious is to recognize oneself as something that persists through time and is embodied-dd- Marc Wittmann . The importance of time is rather practical than theoretical, rather in relation to our desires than in relation to truth-dd- Bertrand Russell . Time flows in the same way for all human beings; every human being flows through time in a different way-dd- Yasunari Kawabata . The key is in not spending time, but in investing it-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Time = Life, Therefore, waste your time and waste of your life, or master your time and master your life-dd- Alan Lakein . Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday-dd- Dale Carnegie . You don’t find the time to do things — you make the time to do things-dd- Debbie Millman . Here we are, trapped in the amber of the moment-dd- There is no why-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Time is a game played beautifully by children-dd- Heraclitus . Why should we live with such hurry and waste of life-qq- Henry David Thoreau . For the present is the point at which time touches eternity-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . The right time is any time that one is still so lucky as to have-dd- Henry James . My favorite things in life don’t cost any money-dd- It’s really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time-dd- Steve Jobs . The greatest obstacle to living is expectancy, which hangs upon tomorrow and loses today-dd- Seneca . They lose the day in expectation of the night, and the night in fear of the dawn-dd- Seneca . Life happens too fast for you ever to think about it-dd- If you could just persuade people of this, but they insist on amassing information-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Since time is the one immaterial object which we cannot influence neither speed up nor slow down add to nor diminish it is an imponderable valuable gift-dd- Maya Angelou . Did you make someone smile today-qq- You’ve still got time-dd- Melissa Stewart . We get such a kick out of looking forward to pleasures and rushing ahead to meet them that we can’t slow down enough to enjoy them when they come-dd- Alan Watts . We construct the experience of time in our minds, so it follows that we are able to change the elements we find troubling — whether it’s trying to stop the years racing past, or speeding up time when we’re stuck in a queue, trying to live more in the present, or working out how long ago we last saw our old friends-dd- Claudia Hammond . Time can’t be measured in days the way money is measured in pesos and centavos, because all pesos are equal, while every day, perhaps every hour, is different-dd- Jorge Luis Borges . Time is precious, but truth is more precious than time-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . A simple definition of life: The chance you’ve been waiting for-dd- Robert Brault . Life is a flash of lightning in the dark of night-dd- It is a brief time of tremendous potential-dd- B-dd- Alan Wallace . A good holiday is one spent among people whose notions of time are vaguer than yours-dd- John B-dd- Priestly . There are no secrets that time does not reveal-dd- Jean Racine . Perhaps all anxiety might derive from a fixation on moments — an inability to accept life as ongoing-dd- Sarah Manguso . Time passes, and little by little everything that we have spoken in falsehood becomes true-dd- Marcel Proust . Reality is a question of perspective; the further you get from the past, the more concrete and plausible it seems – but as you approach the present, it inevitably seems incredible-dd- Salman Rushdie . Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save-dd- Will Rogers . We ask for long life, but ’tis deep life, or grand moments that signify-dd- Let the measure of time be spiritual, not mechanical-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Enjoy life-dd- There’s plenty of time to be dead-dd- Hans Christian Anderson . No use thinking of the past for its gone, don’t think of the future because it has to come, think of the present because that’s where you are-dd- Kazi Shams . Time ripens all things; with time all things are revealed; time is the father of truth-dd- Francois Rabelais . Time is the wisest of all things that are, for it brings everything to light-dd- Thales . For those who love… time is eternity-dd- Henry Van Dyke . Come out of the circle of time and into the circle of love-dd- Rumi . One day spent with someone you love can change everything-dd- Mitch Albom . Being with you and not being with you is the only way I have to measure time-dd- Jorge Luis Borges . I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . Love is the emblem of eternity; it confounds all notion of time; effaces all memory of a beginning, all fear of an end-dd- Madame de Stael . Love vanquishes time-dd- To lovers, a moment can be eternity, eternity can be the tick of a clock-dd- Mary Parrish . I am not alone as long as my love is near me and I know it will be so till it’s time to go-dd- All through the winter, until the birds return in spring again I do not fear the time-dd- Nina Simone . Be careful who you make memories with-dd- Those things can last a lifetime-dd- Ugo Eze . Your time is way too valuable to be wasting on people that can’t accept who you are-dd- Turcois Ominek . Respect people who find time for you in their busy schedule, but love people who never look at their schedule when you need them-dd- Unknown . We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love-dd- Tom Robbins . The most fucked up joke life can play on you is letting you meet the right person at the wrong time-dd- Unknown . No relationship is a waste of time-dd- The wrong ones teach you the lessons that prepare you for the right one-dd- Unknown . Sometimes your heart needs more time to accept what your mind already knows-dd- Unknown . Each time you love, love as deeply as if it were forever – only, nothing is eternal-dd- Audre Lorde . Love seems the swiftest, but it is the slowest of all growths-dd- No man or woman really knows what perfect love is until they have been married a quarter of a century-dd- Mark Twain . There’s only one thing more precious than our time and that’s who we spend it on-dd- Leo Christopher . Time, which changes people, does not alter the image we have of them-dd- Marcel Proust . It’s no good trying to keep up old friendships-dd- It’s painful for both sides-dd- The fact is, one grows out of people, and the only thing is to face it-dd- W-dd- Somerset Maugham . Time is your most precious gift because you only have a set amount of it-dd- You can make more money, but you can’t make more time-dd- When you give someone your time, you are giving them a portion of your life that you’ll never get back-dd- Rich Warren . You might fall in love instantly, but you don’t love instantly… Love takes time-dd- Sissy Gavrilaki . Time doesn’t take away from friendship, nor does separation-dd- Tennessee Williams . Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear-dd- John Lennon . In the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make-dd- Paul McCartney . Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone-dd- Alan Watts . Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop-dd- Ovid . Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom-dd- Francis Bacon . Alone time is the best time-dd- But it never seems that way when it’s happening, just after the fact-dd- Naval Ravikant . This silence, this moment, every moment, if it’s genuinely inside you, brings what you need-dd- Rumi . I live in that solitude which is painful in youth, but delicious in the years of maturity-dd- Albert Einstein . Almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes, including you-dd- Anne Lamott . Sometimes you need to step outside, get some air, and remind yourself of who you are and where you want to be-dd- And sometimes, you have to venture outside your world in order to find yourself-dd- Gossip Girl . Some of the most powerful times are when we’re quiet-dd- Michael W-dd- Smith . Solitude is the place of purification-dd- Martin Buber . Believe me, it is the sign of a great man, and one who is above human error, not to allow his time to be frittered away: he has the longest possible life simply because whatever time was available he devoted entirely to himself-dd- Seneca . You get to decide where your time goes-dd- You can either spend it moving forward, or you can spend it putting out fires-dd- You decide-dd- And if you don’t decide, others will decide for you-dd- Tony Morgan . When was the last time you spent a quiet moment just doing nothing – just sitting and looking at the sea, or watching the wind blowing the tree limbs, or waves rippling on a pond, a flickering candle or children playing in the park-qq- Ralph Marston . The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude-dd- Aldous Huxley . The prayer offered to God in the morning during your quiet time is the key that unlocks the door of the day-dd- Any athlete knows that it is the start that ensures a good finish-dd- Adrian Rogers . The most important habit is solitude, quiet time-dd- People who enter their day by taking 45 minutes or an hour for themselves – meditation, prayer, inspirational reading, taking a walk – before they go for it in the real world do best-dd- Ken Blanchard . When you feel the need for a spiritual lift, try getting to bed early and get up early to have a quiet time at dawn-dd- Then carry the serene ‘in tune’ feeling that comes to you into your day, no matter what you may be doing-dd- Peace Pilgrim . And now, I’ll do what’s best for me-dd- Unknown . In the laughing times we know that we are lucky, and in the quiet times we know that we are blessed-dd- And we will not be alone-dd- Dar Williams . I get clarity through quiet time, reflection, reading, and meditation-dd- Finding the space between thoughts gives me the energy to take on new challenges with enthusiasm-dd- Jaime Murray . There comes a time when the world gets quiet and the only thing left is your own heart-dd- So you’d better learn the sound of it-dd- Otherwise you’ll never understand what it’s saying-dd- Sarah Dessen . All that is important comes in quietness and waiting-dd- Patrick Lindsay . Remember: the time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself-dd- Life’s cruelest irony-dd- Douglas Coupland . We need quiet time to examine our lives openly and honestly – spending quiet time alone gives your mind an opportunity to renew itself and create order-dd- Susan L-dd- Taylor . Time expands, then contracts, and in tune with the stirrings of the heart-dd- Haruki Murakami . Finding some quiet time in your life, I think, is hugely important-dd- Mariel Hemingway . Let us be silent — so we may hear the whisper of the gods-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . There’s time enough, but none to spare-dd- Charles W-dd- Chesnutt . All our sweetest hours fly fastest-dd- Virgil . Life is short, and we should respect every moment of it-dd- Orhan Pamuk . Suspect each moment, for it is a thief, tiptoeing away with more than it brings-dd- John Updike . How do you suppose time works-qq- A slippery succession of long hours adding up to ever-shorter days and years that disappear like falling dominoes-qq- Dani Shapiro . And then, one day, you look in the mirror — you’re old — and you say, “Where does the time go-qq-” Nina Simone . Enjoy every moment you have-dd- Because in life, there are no rewinds, only flashbacks-dd- Anmol Andore . The self and time prove to be especially present in boredom-dd- They go missing in the hustle and bustle of everyday life, which results from the acceleration of social processes-dd- Marc Wittmann . Through mindfulness and emotional control, the tempo of life that we experience can be reduced, and we can regain time for ourselves and others-dd- Marc Wittmann . Distracted by the obligations of everyday activities, we are no longer aware of ourselves… Everything is done all at once, faster and faster, yet no personal balance or meaning can be found-dd- Marc Wittmann . Greater variety makes a given period of life expand in retrospect-dd- Life passes more slowly-dd- Marc Wittmann . If you want something, don’t wish for it-dd- Life is too short to wait-dd- Stephen Hines . Begin doing what you want to do now-dd- We are not living in eternity-dd- We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand – and melting like a snowflake-dd- Francis Bacon . Life is too short, time is too precious, and the stakes are too high to dwell on what might have been-dd- Hilary Clinton . If one challenges oneself consistently, it pays off, over the years, as the feeling of having lived fully — and, most importantly, of having lived for a long time-dd- Marc Wittmann . If we take care of the moments, the years will take care of themselves-dd- Maria Edgeworth . We are not given a short life but we make it short, and we are not ill-supplied but wasteful of it-dd- Seneca . Life piles up so fast that I have no time to write out the equally fast rising mound of reflections-dd- Virginia Woolf . In a time of rapid change, standing still is the most dangerous course of action-dd- Brian Tracy . We have so much time and so little to do-dd- Strike that, reverse it-dd- Roald Dahl . Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not-dd- Stephen King . The busy man is never wise and the wise man is never busy-dd- Lin Yutang . A busy mind accelerates the perceived passage of time-dd- Buy more time by cultivating peace of mind-dd- Naval Ravikant . Of all ridiculous things the most ridiculous seems to me, to be busy — to be a man who is brisk about his food and his work-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . The time to relax is when you don’t have time for it-dd- Jim Goodwin . Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing-dd- Lao Tzu . Little minds have little worries, big minds have no time for worries-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Life seems but a quick succession of busy nothings-dd- Jane Austen . Procrastination is the thief of time-dd- Edward Young . Beware the barrenness of a busy life-dd- Socrates . Is is not enough to be busy… The question is: what are we busy about-qq- Henry David Thoreau . Quit saying you don’t have time-dd- You have time for what you make time for in life-dd- Bryant H-dd- McGill . For disappearing acts, it’s hard to beat what happens to the eight hours supposedly left after eight of sleep and eight of work-dd- Doug Larson . The fact that you are even here, alive, on this planet is a mathematical miracle, and you should not spend the time that you have being busy being miserable-dd- Philip DeFranco . There is one kind of robber whom the law does not strike at, and who steals what is most precious to men: time-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . I don’t care how busy I am – I will always make time for what’s most important to me-dd- Kevin Hart . Don’t get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life-dd- Dolly Parton . The innocent and the beautiful have no enemy but time-dd- William Butler Yeats . Time is the least thing we have of-dd- Ernest Hemingway . The past is never dead-dd- It’s not even past-dd- William Faulkner . Time moves in one direction, memory in another-dd- William Gibson . The past beats inside me like a second heart-dd- John Banville . Memories warm you up from the inside-dd- But they also tear you apart-dd- Haruki Murakami . Time and memory are true artists; they remould reality nearer to the heart’s desire-dd- John Dewey . Life is all memory except for the one present moment that goes by so quick you can hardly catch it going-dd- Tennessee Williams . It is the insertion of man with his limited life span that transforms the continuously flowing stream of sheer change… into time as we know it-dd- Hannah Arendt . Change even one moment, the whole thing unravels… There is no other life than this-dd- You would not have stumbled into the vastly imperfect, beautiful, impossible present-dd- Dani Shapiro . Nostalgia paints a smile on the stony face of the past-dd- Mason Cooley . Nostalgia is a seductive liar-dd- George Ball . This is a new year-dd- A new beginning-dd- And things will change-dd- Taylor Swift . No one will bring back the years; no one will restore you to yourself-dd- Life will follow the path it began to take, and will neither reverse nor check its course-dd- Seneca . Left alone in time, memories harden into summaries-dd- The originals become almost irretrievable-dd- Sarah Manguso . Time punishes us by taking everything, but it also saves us — by taking everything-dd- Sarah Manguso . Scars have the strange power to remind us that our past is real-dd- Cormac McCarthy . Every moment alters what came before-dd- We reach across layers of time for the memories of our memories-dd- James Gleick . Do not waste time on things you cannot change or influence-dd- Robert Greene . When our memories outweigh our dreams, we have grown old-dd- Bill Clinton . I’d trade all my tomorrows for one single yesterday-dd- Kris Kristofferson . Because in the end, you won’t remember the time you spent working in the office or mowing your lawn-dd- Climb that goddamn mountain-dd- Jack Kerouac . I can’t go back to yesterday – because I was a different person then-dd- Lewis Carroll . No summer ever came back, and no two summers ever were alike-dd- Times change, and people change-dd- Nathaniel Hawthorne . They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself-dd- Andy Warhol . Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time-dd- Albert Camus . Time is a companion that goes with us on a journey-dd- It reminds us to cherish each moment, because it will never come again-dd- What we leave behind is not as important as how we have lived-dd- Captain Jean-Luc Picard (Star Trek) . Time is neutral and does not change things-dd- With courage and initiative, leaders change things-dd- Jesse Jackson . You can’t have a better tomorrow if you are thinking about yesterday all the time-dd- Charles Kettering . We all have our time machines-dd- Some take us back, they’re called memories-dd- Some take us forward, they’re called dreams-dd- Jeremy Irons . Nothing is ever really lost to us as long as we remember it-dd- Lucy Maud Montgomery . Focus on the good memories, discard the not so good-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . Time is a dressmaker specializing in alterations-dd- Faith Baldwin . People need hard times and oppression to develop psychic muscles-dd- Emily Dickinson . Expect an early death — it will keep you busier-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently-dd- Henry Ford . You have been preoccupied while life hastens on-dd- Meanwhile death will arrive, and you have no choice in making yourself available for that-dd- Seneca . Why do we need time travel-qq- All the answers come down to one-dd- To elude death-dd- James Gleick . Hard times don’t create heroes-dd- It is during the hard times when the ‘hero’ within us is revealed-dd- Bob Riley . Time is the longest distance between two places-dd- Tennessee Williams . Time brings an end to everything-dd- We should not mistake for a tragedy what is no more than the passage of time-dd- Robert Brault . Time is a killer-dd- Everyone knows that-dd- Time will bury us-dd- I wasted time, and now doth time waste me-dd- Time makes dust of all things-dd- James Gleick . If only time could be seen whole, then you could see the past remaining intact, instead of vanishing in the rearview mirror-dd- There is your immortality-dd- Frozen in amber-dd- James Gleick . Tough times never last, but tough people do-dd- Robert H-dd- Schuller . You’re going to go through tough times – that’s life-dd- But I say, ‘Nothing happens to you, it happens for you’-dd- See the positive in negative events-dd- Joel Osteen . Hard times may have held you down, but they will not last forever-dd- When all is said and done, you will be increased-dd- Joel Osteen . If you have time to whine and complain about something then you have the time to do something about it-dd- Anthony J-dd- D’Angelo . Forget the times of your distress, but never forget what they taught you-dd- Herbert Gesser . Time is the only comforter for the loss of a mother-dd- Jane Welsh Carlyle . It has been said, “time heals all wounds”-dd- I do not agree-dd- The wounds remain-dd- In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens-dd- But it is never gone-dd- Rose Kennedy . Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Cowards die many times before their deaths; The valiant never taste of death but once-dd- William Shakespeare . Hard times always lead to something great-dd- Betsey Johnson . Only when the clock stops does time come to life-dd- William Faulkner . Recover time and happiness by minimizing these three apps: phone, calendar, and alarm clock-dd- Naval Ravikant . The clock always ticks-dd- There are times you don’t hear it, and there are times that you do-dd- David Levithan . Watches are so named as a reminder – if you don’t watch carefully what you do with your time it will slip away from you-dd- Drew Sirtors . A man with one watch knows what time it is; a man with two watches is never quite sure-dd- Lee Segall . A single clock works only as long as it refers, sooner or later, obviously or not, to the other clocks around it-dd- One can rage about it, and we do-dd- But without a clock and the dais of time, we each rage in silence, alone-dd- Alan Burdick . Sometime in your life, you will have occasion to say, “What is this thing called time-qq-” What is that, the clock-qq- You go to work by the clock, you get your martini in the afternoon by the clock and your coffee by the clock, and you have to get on the plane at a certain time, and arrive at a certain time-dd- It goes on and on and on and on-dd- Nina Simone . Unfortunately, the clock is ticking, the hours are going by-dd- The past increases, the future recedes-dd- Possibilities decreasing, regrets mounting-dd- Haruki Murakami . The clock talked loud-dd- I threw it away, it scared me what it talked-dd- Tillie Olsen . Tick-dd- Tick-dd- Tick-dd- This is the sound of your life running out-dd- Unknown . The clock is impotent; mechanical time does not affect those living in an eternal present-dd- Paul Schrader . I want to turn the clock back to when people lived in small villages and took care of each other-dd- Pete Seeger . A clock is a little machine that shuts us out from the wonder of time-dd- Susan Glaspell . Clocks were invented to warn us-dd- Tick (time is passing)-dd- Tock (time has passed)-dd- Kamand Kojouri . I must govern the clock, not be governed by it-dd- Golda Meir . Time is the most valuable thing that a man can spend-dd- Diogenes . Know the true value of time; snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it-dd- Lord Chesterfield . Make use of time, let not advantage slip-dd- William Shakespeare . If you don’t value your time, neither will others-dd- Stop giving away your time and talents- start charging for it-dd- Kim Garst . Time makes more converts than reason-dd- Thomas Paine . The time to relax is when you don’t have time for it-dd- Sydney J-dd- Harris . Whenever we talk about it, we do so in terms of something lesser-dd- We find or lose time, like a set of keys; we save and spend it, like money-dd- Time creeps, crawls, flies, flees, flows, and stands still; it is abundant or scarce; it weighs on us with palpable heft-dd- Alan Burdick . Today is the first day of the rest of your life-dd- Abbie Hoffman . Yesterday’s the past, tomorrow’s the future, but today is a gift-dd- That’s why it’s called the present-dd- Bil Keane . All that really belongs to us is time; even he who has nothing else has that-dd- Baltasar Gracian . The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run-dd- Henry David Thoreau (Walden) . Those who possess time are often not aware of its value-dd- Sunday Adelaja . The one that values his time can value the time of others as well-dd- Sunday Adelaja . When you understand the value of time, the resource and the wealth of time, you will be running away from the crowd-dd- Sunday Adelaja . Time and health are two precious assets that we don’t recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted-dd- Denis Waitley . With endless time, nothing is special-dd- With no loss or sacrifice, we can’t appreciate what we have-dd- Mitch Albom . Lots of people wait around “for the right time”-dd- People don’t know that there is no such thing as a right time-dd- Time is never right nor wrong-dd- The only negative factor of time is that you can lose it and the only positive factor of time is that you can seize it-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Seize the time, Meribor-dd- Live now-dd- Make now always the most precious time-dd- Now will never come again-dd- Captain Jean-Luc Picard (Star Trek) . All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us-dd- J-dd-R-dd-R-dd- Tolkien . Time as he grows old teaches many lessons-dd- Aeschylus . A day without laughter is a day wasted-dd- Charlie Chaplin . If you are not doing what you love, you are wasting your time-dd- Billy Joel . I wasted time, and now doth time waste me-dd- William Shakespeare . What fools call “wasting time” is most often the best investment-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . What would be the use of immortality to a person who cannot use well a half an hour-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . It is named the “Web” for good reason-dd- David Foster Wallace . We say we waste time, but that is impossible-dd- We waste ourselves-dd- Alice Bloch . The thing about working with time, instead of against it, …is that it is not wasted-dd- Even pain counts-dd- Ursula K-dd- Le Guin . Don’t live in the past-dd- There’s no point-dd- You can’t change anything-dd- What a waste of time-dd- Bob Newhart . We cannot waste time-dd- We can only waste ourselves-dd- George Matthew Adams . When it is wasted in heedless luxury and spent on no good activity, we are forced at last by death’s final constraint to realize that it has passed away before we knew it was passing-dd- Seneca . Day, n-dd- A period of twenty-four hours, mostly misspent-dd- Ambrose Bierce . Short as life is, we make it still shorter by the careless waste of time-dd- Victor Hugo . To think too long about doing a thing often becomes its undoing-dd- Eva Young . When you kill time, remember that it has no resurrection-dd- Aiden Wilson Tozer . This time, like all times, is a very good one, if we but know what to do with it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . There is no waste of time in life like that of making explanations-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . A year from now you will wish you had started today-dd- Karen Lamb . A man who views the world the same at fifty as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life-dd- Muhammad Ali . I do not want to waste any time-dd- And if you are not working on important things, you are wasting time-dd- Dean Kamen . There’s no good way to waste your time-dd- Wasting time is just wasting time-dd- Helen Mirren . Don’t waste your time on revenge-dd- Those who hurt you will eventually face their own karma-dd- Unknown . There is no greater harm than that of time wasted-dd- Michelangelo . It’s such a shame to waste time-dd- We always think we have so much of it-dd- Mitch Albom . If time be of all things the most precious, wasting time must be the greatest prodigality-dd- Benjamin Franklin . What fools call wasting time is most often the best investment-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . No time is lost – it is a necessary part of the R&D phase for your work, career, life-dd- Neil Strauss . The best way to fill time is to waste it-dd- Marguerite Duras . If you’re wasting time having fun, you’re not wasting time-dd- Tim Ferriss . He does not seem to me to be a free man who does not sometimes do nothing-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . Regret for wasted time is more wasted time-dd- Mason Cooley . Time is more value than money-dd- You can get more money, but you cannot get more time-dd- Jim Rohn . Time is valuable, and when it is gone, it is gone-dd- Time is wealth, and unlike money, when it is gone, you cannot replace it-dd- Napoleon Hill . Waste your money and you’re only out of money, but waste your time and you’ve lost a part of your life-dd- Michael Leboeuf . Be selective with who you invest your time, wasted time is worse than wasted money-dd- Unknown . Earn with your mind, not your time-dd- Naval Ravikant . Trade money for time, not time for money-dd- You’re going to run out of time first-dd- Naval Ravikant . You’re never going to get rich renting out your time-dd- Naval Ravikant . Time is money says the proverb, but turn it around and you get a precious truth-dd- Money is time-dd- George Gissing . If time is money, it seems moral to save time, above all one’s own, and such parsimony is excused by consideration for others-dd- One is straight-forward-dd- Theodor Adorno . Time is money, especially when you are talking to a lawyer or buying a commercial-dd- Frank Dane . Discipline is your relationship with the time you have left-dd- Barbara McNally . There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . Work is hard-dd- Distractions are plentiful-dd- And time is short-dd- Adam Hochschild . There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing-dd- Brian Tracy . Take a deep breath, count to ten, and tackle each task one step at a time-dd- Linda Shalaway . Spend less time giving your opinions and more time seeking the opinions of others-dd- Tim Fargo . I get paid not by how many hours I work, but by the importance of the problems I solve-dd- Unknown . The key is not to prioritize what’s on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Most of us spend too much time on what is urgent and not enough time on what is important-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . If you don’t have time, the truth is, you don’t have priorities-dd- Think harder; don’t work harder-dd- Tim Ferriss . Take charge of your schedule-dd- Make time for reflection and relaxation-dd- Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi . You can’t make up for lost time-dd- You can only do better in the future-dd- Ashley Ormon . Decide what your priorities are and how much time you’ll spend on them-dd- If you don’t, someone else will-dd- Harvey Mackay . We must use time creatively-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem-dd- We all have twenty-four hour days-dd- Zig Ziglar . Time can be an ally or an enemy-dd- What it becomes depends entirely upon you, your goals, and your determination to use every available minute-dd- Zig Ziglar . The essence of self-discipline is to do the important thing rather than the urgent thing-dd- Barry Werner . The shorter way to do many things is to only do one thing at a time-dd- Mozart . It is the mark of great people to treat trifles as trifles and important matters as important-dd- Doris Lessing . A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and gets to bed at night, and in between he does what he wants to do-dd- Bob Dylan . Time management is an oxymoron-dd- Time is beyond our control, and the clock keeps ticking regardless of how we lead our lives-dd- Priority management is the answer to maximizing the time we have-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Don’t be fooled by the calendar-dd- There are only as many days in the year as you make use of-dd- One man gets only a week’s value out of a year while another man gets a full year’s value out of a week-dd- Charles Richards . Time is the friend of the wonderful company, the enemy of the mediocre-dd- Warren Buffett . Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Do not look back and grieve over the past, for it is gone; and do not be troubled about the future, for it has yet to come-dd- Live in the present, and make it so beautiful that it will be worth remembering-dd- Ida Scott Taylor . 