Quiet the mind, and the soul will speak-dd- Ma Jaya Sati Bhagavati . Learn to be calm and you will always be happy-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment-dd- Buddha . Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom-dd- James Allen . Whatever is fluid, soft, and yielding will overcome whatever is rigid and hard-dd- What is soft is strong-dd- Lao Tzu . When meditation is mastered, the mind is unwavering like the flame of a candle in a windless place-dd- Bhagavad Gita . When you own your breath, nobody can steal your peace-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Nowhere can man find a quieter or more untroubled retreat than in his own soul-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Your calm mind is the ultimate weapon against your challenges-dd- So relax-dd- Bryant McGill . When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you-dd- Lao Tzu . Meditation is the art of doing nothing-dd- Naval Ravikant . Meditation is not evasion; it is a serene encounter with reality-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Even in the midst of disturbance, the stillness of the mind can offer sanctuary-dd- Stephen Richards . Learn to slow down-dd- Get lost intentionally-dd- Observe how you judge both yourself and those around you-dd- Tim Ferriss . Suffering is due to our disconnection with the inner soul-dd- Meditation is establishing that connection-dd- Amit Ray . To really do nothing, with perfection, is as difficult as doing everything-dd- Alan Watts . You have a treasure within you that is infinitely greater than anything the world can offer-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Wisdom comes with the ability to be still-dd- Just look and listen-dd- No more is needed-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Be here now-dd- Be someplace else later-dd- Is that so complicated-qq- David M-dd- Bader . Live the actual moment-dd- Only this actual moment is life-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Don’t seek, don’t search, don’t ask, don’t knock, don’t demand – relax-dd- Osho . Meditation practice isn’t about trying to throw ourselves away and become something better-dd- It’s about befriending who we are already-dd- Pema Chödrön . In practicing meditation, we’re not trying to live up to some kind of ideal – quite the opposite-dd- We’re just being with our experience, whatever it is-dd- Pema Chödrön . Buddha spent six years meditating on the essence, causes, and cures for human anguish-dd- In the end, he came to the realization that suffering is not caused by ill fortune, by social injustice, or by divine whims-dd- Rather, suffering is caused by the behavior patterns of one’s minds-dd- Yuval Noah Harari (Sapiens) . Life is a mystery – mystery of beauty, bliss and divinity-dd- Meditation is the art of unfolding that mystery-dd- Amit Ray . Paradise is not a place, it’s a state of consciousness-dd- Sri Chinmoy . Whatever state I am in, I see it as a state of mind to be accepted as it is-dd- Nisargadatta Maharaj . When we are unable to find tranquility within ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . You are more than just your mind-dd- You are more than just your habits-dd- You are more than just your preferences-dd- You’re a level of awareness-dd- Naval Ravikant . To be concentrated means to live fully in the present-dd- Erich Fromm . Meditation is the discovery that the point of life is always arrived at in the immediate moment-dd- Alan Watts . The mind is definitely something that can be transformed, and meditation is a means to transform it-dd- Dalai Lama . The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good-dd- James Allen (This is one of my favorite meditation quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Meditation is all about connecting with your soul-dd- Deepak Chopra . Meditation is the soul’s perspective glass-dd- Owen Feltham . Meditation is the ultimate mobile device; you can use it anywhere, anytime, unobtrusively-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Meditation is intermittent fasting for the mind-dd- Too much sugar leads to a heavy body, and too many distractions lead to a heavy mind-dd- Time spent undistracted and alone, in self-examination, journaling, meditation, resolves the unresolved and takes us from mentally fat to fit-dd- Naval Ravikant . Meditation is to be aware of every thought and of every feeling, never to say it is right or wrong but just to watch it and move with it-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Meditation is freedom from thought and a movement in the ecstasy of truth-dd- Meditation is explosion of intelligence-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Meditation is not a withdrawal from life-dd- Meditation is a process of understanding oneself-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Meditation is a death – death of all that you are now-dd- Of course there will be a resurrection, but that will be a totally new, fresh original being which you are not even aware is hidden in you-dd- Osho . Meditation is a way for nourishing and blossoming the divine within you-dd- Amit Ray . Meditation is not spacing-out or running away-dd- In fact, it is being totally honest with ourselves-dd- Kathleen McDonald . Mindfulness meditation is the embrace of any and all mind states in awareness, without preferring one to another-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . That’s an essential survival thing-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . Sleep is the best meditation-dd- Dalai Lama . All of man’s difficulties are caused by his inability to sit, quietly, in a room by himself-dd- Blaise Pascal . Confine yourself to the present-dd- Marcus Aurelius . On what meditation did for him: Everything-dd- You know, one of the great things of meditation is it makes stress very easy to get rid of-dd- It just kind of floats away instead of like finding a home in your mind-dd- You learn how to just let go of things-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . If you just sit and observe, you will see how restless your mind is-dd- If you try to calm it, it only makes it worse, but over time it does calm, and when it does, there’s room to hear more subtle things – that’s when your intuition starts to blossom and you start to see things more clearly and be in the present more-dd- Your mind just slows down, and you see a tremendous expanse in the moment-dd- You see so much more than you could see before-dd- Steve Jobs . The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness-dd- Lao Tzu . Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart-dd- Who looks outside, dreams-dd- Who looks inside, awakens-dd- Carl Jung . There are only two ways to live your life-dd- One is as though nothing is a miracle-dd- The other is as though everything is a miracle-dd- Albert Einstein . Be happy in the moment, that’s enough-dd- Each moment is all we need, not more-dd- Mother Teresa . Through meditation, the higher self is experienced-dd- Bhagavad Gita . One hour of contemplation surpasses sixty years of worship-dd- Muhammad . We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think-dd- Words are secondary-dd- Thoughts live; they travel far-dd- Swami Vivekananda . I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . Within you there is a stillness and sanctuary to which you can retreat at any time and be yourself-dd- Hermann Hesse . Reading makes a full man, meditation a profound man, discourse a clear man-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Empty your mind, be formless-dd- Shapeless, like water-dd- Bruce Lee . If your mind is empty, it is always ready for anything; it is open to everything-dd- In the beginner’s mind there are many possibilities, in the expert’s mind there are few-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity-dd- Voltaire . The best cure for the body is a quiet mind-dd- Napoleon Bonaparte . Meditation is the action of silence-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Life is available only in the present moment-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Breathe and let be-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Wherever you go, there you are-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Meditate-dd- Slow down-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Meditation is waiting on God-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Self-observation is the first step of inner unfolding-dd- Amit Ray . Be present above all else-dd- Naval Ravikant . Mind only thinks, meditation lives-dd- Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh . The act of meditation is being spacious-dd- Sogyal Rinpoche . Do your practice and all is coming-dd- K-dd- Pattabhi Jois . Turn off your mind and get to know yourself-dd- Thibaut . The quiet mind is richer than a crown-dd- Robert Greene . Whatever anyone does or says, I must be emerald and keep my colour-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Truth is the offspring of silence and meditation-dd- Isaac Newton . Tranquil as a forest, but on fire within, once you find your center, you are sure to win-dd- David Zippel . Whenever we attain a higher vision, the lower vision disappears of itself-dd- Swami Vivekananda . A few conscious-hearted, sincere, and energetic men and women can do more in a year than a mob in a century-dd- Swami Vivekananda . One morning, you’ll hit mental inbox zero, and that is a pretty amazing feeling-dd- It’s a state somewhere between joy, bliss, and peace-dd- Once you have that, you won’t want to give that up-dd- If you can get a free hour of bliss every morning, just by closing your eyes…that’s worth its weight in gold-dd- That will change your life-dd- Naval Ravikant . If every eight year old in the world is taught meditation, we will eliminate violence from the world within one generation-dd- Dalai Lama . By the practice of meditation, you will find that you are carrying within your heart a portable paradise-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . He who is persistent will realize God-dd- So try your best to make meditation a regular experience in your life-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . If you meditate regularly, even when you don’t feel like it, you will make great gains, for it will allow you to see how your thoughts impose limits on you-dd- Your resistances to meditation are your mental prisons in miniature-dd- Ram Dass . Every heart has a divine intelligence and natural guidance system-dd- With every prayer, every meditation and every thought of love, we tune in to ours-dd- Marianne Williamson . To be calm is the highest achievement of the self-dd- Zen proverb . You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible-dd- Deepak Chopra . Don’t worry about whether you are making progress or not-dd- Just keep your attention on the Self twenty-four hours a day-dd- Meditation is not something that should be done in a particular position at a particular time-dd- It is an awareness and an attitude that must persist through the day-dd- Annamalai Swami . Concentration is a cornerstone of mindfulness practice-dd- Your mindfulness will only be as robust as the capacity of your mind to be calm and stable-dd- Without calmness, the mirror of mindfulness will have an agitated and choppy surface and will not be able to reflect things with any accuracy-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Whenever anyone has offended me, I try to raise my soul so high that the offense cannot reach it-dd- Rene Descartes . Sitting like a mountain let your mind rise, fly and soar-dd- Sogyal Rinpoche . You are the sky-dd- Everything else is just the weather-dd- Pema Chödrön . If it weren’t for my mind, my meditation would be excellent-dd- Pema Chödrön . It’s like having a charger for your whole body and mind-dd- Jerry Seinfeld . Meditation is a way to be narcissistic without hurting anyone-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . Meditation is the weight room for the mind-dd- Ed Latimore . To earn the trust of your meditation, you have to visit it every day-dd- It’s like having a puppy-dd- Chelsea Richer . Meditation is the way in which we come to feel our basic inseparability from the whole universe, and what that requires is that we shut up-dd- Alan Watts . It feels good-dd- Kinda like when you have to shut your computer down, just sometimes when it goes crazy, you just shut it down and when you turn it on, it’s okay again-dd- That’s what meditation is to me-dd- Ellen DeGeneres . SEX-xx- Now that I have your attention… Please try to meditate at least 15 minutes, every day-dd- You know it’s good for you-dd- Marcelo Alves . A few hours of meditation were enough to show me that I hardly had any control of myself-dd- I was not the CEO – I was barely the gatekeeper-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . So what is a good meditator-qq- The one who meditates-dd- Allan Lokos . You should sit in meditation for twenty minutes a day, unless you are too busy — then you should sit for an hour-dd- Zen proverb . A quiet mind is more important than a positive mind-dd- Deepak Chopra . The little things-qq- The little moments-qq- They aren’t little-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Only the individual transcends-dd- Steve Maxwell . Busy is a drug that a lot of people are addicted to-dd- Rob Bell . Modern man is too impatient and wants to master the art of meditation immediately-dd- Swami Rama . Observe your thoughts, instead of being constantly the victim of your thoughts-dd- Tim Ferriss . A human mind is a wandering mind, and a wandering mind is an unhappy mind-dd- Sam Harris . You are not controlling the storm, and you are not lost in it-dd- You are the storm-dd- Sam Harris . While meditating we are simply seeing what the mind has been doing all along-dd- Allan Lokos . Practicing austerities such as yoga, mindfulness, and meditation will give you a front row seat to that which you will never attain and in the process make you an expert at forever seeking them-dd- Kapil Gupta . The challenge of our time is relearning how to concentrate-dd- The past decade has seen an unparalleled assault on our capacity to fix our minds steadily on anything-dd- To sit still and think, without succumbing to an anxious reach for a machine, has become almost impossible-dd- Thibaut . People have original thoughts in the shower because it is one of the only places in modern life that offers refuge from entertainment, compulsive workaholism, and social hyperconnectedness-dd- The isolation allows you to hear yourself think-dd- Morning meditation for the masses-dd- The Stoic Emperor . The beauty of meditation is that you never know where you are, where you are going, what the end is-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . I maintain that Truth is a pathless land, and you cannot approach it by any path whatsoever, by any religion, by any sect… The moment you follow someone you cease to follow Truth-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . If there is no meditation, then you are like a blind man in a world of great beauty, light and colour-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . We carry about us the burden of what thousands of people have said and the memories of all our misfortunes-dd- To abandon all that is to be alone, and the mind that is alone is not only innocent but young – not in time or age, but young, innocent, alive at whatever age – and only such a mind can see that which is truth and that which is not measurable by words-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The most fundamental aggression to ourselves, the most fundamental harm we can do to ourselves, is to remain ignorant by not having the courage and the respect to look at ourselves honestly and gently-dd- Pema Chödrön . When we get too caught up in the busyness of the world, we lose connection with one another – and ourselves-dd- Jack Kornfield . Thought can organize the world so well that you are no longer able to see it-dd- Anthony De Mello . Awareness is like the sun-dd- When it shines on things, they are transformed-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Don’t believe everything you think-dd- Thoughts are just that – thoughts-dd- Allan Lokos . Perhaps ultimately, spiritual simply means experiencing wholeness and interconnectedness directly, a seeing that individuality and the totality are interwoven, that nothing is separate or extraneous-dd- If you see in this way, then everything becomes spiritual in its deepest sense-dd- Doing science is spiritual-dd- So is washing the dishes-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Many people are alive but don’t touch the miracle of being alive-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . In the beginning you will fall into the gaps in between thoughts – after practicing for years, you become the gap-dd- J-dd- Kleykamp . You’re actually in deep meditation all the time-dd- It’s just covered up by all the noise, and all the thoughts, and all the emotional things that are running through you-dd- It’s always there underneath-dd- Naval Ravikant . Doing nothing is really hard for us, since we’re such a productivity-driven culture and species-dd- Naval Ravikant . You can have the mind or you can have the moment-dd- Naval Ravikant . When you’re centered, your emotions are not hijacking you-dd- Ray Dalio . The game is not about becoming somebody, it’s about becoming nobody-dd- Ram Dass . Be the master of mind rather than mastered by mind-dd- Japanese proverb . Be the witness of your thoughts-dd- You are what observes, not what you observe-dd- Buddhist proverb . To become different from what we are, we must have some awareness of what we are-dd- Eric Hoffer . Wisdom tends to grow in proportion to one’s awareness of one’s ignorance-dd- Anthony de Mello . The whole life is a succession of dreams-dd- My ambition is to be a conscious dreamer, that is all-dd- Swami Vivekananda . The time to relax is when you don’t have time for it-dd- Sydney J-dd- Harris . The only difference between meditation and ordinary social interaction is that the friend you’re gradually coming to know is yourself-dd- Mingyur Rinpoche . Like water which can clearly mirror the sky and the trees only so long as its surface is undisturbed, the mind can only reflect the true image of the Self when it is tranquil and wholly relaxed-dd- Indra Devi . Meditation is the only intentional, systematic human activity which at bottom is about not trying to improve yourself or get anywhere else, but simply to realize where you already are-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Instead of “Let it go,” we should probably say “Let it be”; this recognizes that the mind won’t let go and the problem may not go away, and it allows you to form a healthier relationship with what’s bothering you-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . What would it be like if I could accept life – accept this moment – exactly as it is-qq- Tara Brach . Be at least as interested in what goes on inside you as what happens outside-dd- If you get the inside right, the outside will fall into place-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Meditation could be said to be the Art of Simplicity: simply sitting, simply breathing and simply being-dd- Dilgo Khyentse Rinpoche . Abraham Lincoln said, “Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe”-dd- You have 24 to chop every day-dd- Sleep, excercise, meditation, reading – those are some of your sharpening tools-dd- Do not chop for 18 hours with a blunt axe-dd- Johnny Uzan . The affairs of the world will go on forever-dd- Do not delay the practice of meditation-dd- Milarepa . Meditation is not a means to an end-dd- It is both the means and the end-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone-dd- Alan Watts . The more present I am, the happier and more content I will be-dd- Naval Ravikant . A happy life consists in tranquility of mind-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . There is something wonderfully bold and liberating about saying yes to our entire imperfect and messy life-dd- Tara Brach . The only way to live is by accepting each minute as an unrepeatable miracle-dd- Tara Brach . The state of your life is nothing more than a reflection of your state of mind-dd- Wayne Dyer . To know that you need nothing to be happy, except self-knowledge, is wisdom-dd- Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj . Two kinds of happiness-dd- Worldly happiness is reward from our evolutionary program-dd- Get praise, money, drugs, sex-dd- It busies the mind with craving and anxiety-dd- Internal happiness is reward from being in flow-dd- Create, meditate, love, play-dd- It clears the mind and leaves us in peace-dd- Naval Ravikant . The problem with meditation, is that it’s not permanent-dd- But what it does give me, is an hour a day, by myself, to work through my thoughts-dd- Naval Ravikant . Happiness is that state when nothing is missing-dd- When nothing is missing, your mind shuts down and your mind stops running into the future or running into the past to regret something or to plan something-dd- Naval Ravikant . The fewer desires I can have, the more I can accept the current state of things, the less my mind is moving because the mind really exists in motion towards the future or the past-dd- Naval Ravikant . Find single player games that you enjoy, like yoga, meditation, swimming-dd- Naval Ravikant (More on Game Theory in this Wikipedia page) . Doing a three-minute meditation every day may change your life: It is the gateway drug to slowing down-dd- Anne Lamott . Maintain your physical, emotional, and spiritual harmony with the universe by meditating every day-dd- Inhale the precious breath of life-dd- It is your connection to your Higher power-dd- Louise Hay . Contemplation is the highest expression of man’s intellectual and spiritual life-dd- It is that life itself, fully awake, fully active, fully aware that it is alive-dd- It is a spiritual wonder-dd- It is spontaneous awe at the sacredness of life, of being-dd- It is gratitude for life, for awareness and for being-dd- Thomas Merton . I have been a seeker and I still am, but I stopped asking the books and the stars-dd- I started listening to the teaching of my soul-dd- Rumi . The man who is aware of himself is henceforward independent; and he is never bored, and life is only too short, and he is steeped through and through with a profound yet temperate happiness-dd- Virginia Woolf . The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself-dd- Henry Miller . Happiness is your nature-dd- It is not wrong to desire it-dd- What is wrong is seeking it outside when it is inside-dd- Ramana Maharshi . Without giving up hope—that there’s somewhere better to be, that there’s someone better to be — we will never relax with where we are or who we are-dd- Pema Chödrön . There is only one place to find real peace, real harmony-dd- That place is within-dd- S-dd-N-dd- Goenka . If only you will remain resting in consciousness, seeing yourself as distinct from the body, then even now you will become happy, peaceful and free from bonds-dd- Ashtavakra Gita . Meditation puts into question more or less everything you tend to do in your search for happiness-dd- But if you lose sight of this, it can become just another strategy for seeking happiness — a more refined version of the problem you already have-dd- Sam Harris (Taming The Mind) . Meditation is painful in the beginning but it bestows immortal bliss and supreme joy in the end-dd- Swami Sivananda . It is only when the mind is free from the old that it meets everything anew, and in that there is joy-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Meditation is one of the greatest arts in life – perhaps the greatest, and one cannot possibly learn it from anybody, that is the beauty of it-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . I don’t mind what happens-dd- That is the essence of inner freedom-dd- It is a timeless spiritual truth: release attachment to outcomes, deep inside yourself, you’ll feel good no matter what-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Remain calm, serene, always in command of yourself-dd- You will then find out how easy it is to get along-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . This is the mark of perfection of character — to spend each day as if it were your last, without frenzy, laziness, or any pretending-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Drink your tea slowly and reverently, as if it is the axis on which the world earth revolves – slowly, evenly, without rushing toward the future; live the actual moment-dd- Only this moment is life-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Our thinking minds deprive us of the happiness that comes when we are living fully in the moment-dd- Ram Dass . From the perspective of meditation, every state is a special state, every moment a special moment-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Those who miss meditation miss the whole dance of life-dd- Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh . Awareness is the greatest agent for change-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Accepting the reality of change gives rise to equanimity-dd- Allan Lokos . Whenever we attain a higher vision, the lower vision disappears of itself-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Open the window of your mind-dd- Allow the fresh air, new lights and new truths to enter-dd- Amit Ray . Spiritual practice involves, on the one hand, acting out of concern for others’ well-being-dd- On the other, it entails transforming ourselves so that we become more readily disposed to do so-dd- Dalai Lama . Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority-dd- Tom Hopkins . There are three things extremely hard: steel, a diamond, and to know one’s self-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Every human has four endowments – self-awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination-dd- These give us the ultimate human freedom… The power to choose, to respond, to change-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . The gift of learning to meditate is the greatest gift you can give yourself in this lifetime-dd- Sogyal Rinpoche . Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom-dd- Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power-dd- Lao Tzu . To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe-dd- Marilyn vos Savant . The more you know yourself, the more clarity there is-dd- Self-knowledge has no end – you don’t come to an achievement, you don’t come to a conclusion-dd- It is an endless river-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . If you begin to understand what you are without trying to change it, then what you are undergoes a transformation-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Do you consume libraries worth of articles, video, podcasts-qq- Great-dd- But it is only beneficial to the extent that it is modulated by personal observation, conversations, and deeply reflective, laborious meditation-dd- Without these practices, information is just data-dd- Thibaut . Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control; these three alone lead life to sovereign power-dd- Alfred Lord Tennyson . Meditation is the secret of all growth in spiritual life and knowledge-dd- James Allen . How pathetically scanty my self-knowledge is compared with, say, my knowledge of my room-dd- There is no such thing as observation of the inner world, as there is of the outer world-dd- Franz Kafka . Without self-knowledge, without understanding the working and functions of his machine, man cannot be free, he cannot govern himself and he will always remain a slave-dd- George Gurdjieff . No change occurs if we just let our habitual tendencies and automatic patterns of thought perpetuate and even reinforce themselves, thought after thought, day after day, year after year-dd- But those tendencies and patterns can be challenged-dd- Matthieu Ricard . Meditation is not just blissing out under a mango tree-dd- It completely changes your brain and therefore changes what you are-dd- Matthieu Ricard . Meditation is not growth of the ego, it is death of the ego-dd- Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh . I think self-knowledge is the rarest trait in a human being-dd- Elizabeth Edwards . The one self-knowledge worth having is to know one’s own mind-dd- F-dd- H-dd- Bradley . Self-knowledge is the first step to maturity-dd- Jane Austen . You are only here now; you’re only alive in this moment-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Consciousness is the one thing in this universe that cannot be an illusion-dd- Sam Harris (Waking Up) . Learn to see what you are looking at-dd- Christopher Paolini . Altogether, the idea of meditation is not to create states of ecstasy or absorption, but to experience being-dd- Chögyam Trungpa . The things that trouble our spirits are within us already-dd- In meditation, we must face them, accept them, and set them aside one by one-dd- Cristopher L-dd- Bennett . If you can resist the impulse to claim each and every thought as your own, you will come to a startling conclusion: you will discover that you are the consciousness in which the thoughts appear and disappear-dd- Annamalai Swami . The entire exercise of Vipassana meditation is to learn the difference between fiction and reality, what is real and what is just stories that we invent and construct in our own minds-dd- Almost 99 percent you realize is just stories in our minds-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . For me it is a way to understand reality – about myself first of all and then reality about the rest of the world, without any stories and fictions and mythologies-dd- Just to observe what is really happening-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . The human mind is a factory of generating fictional stories about yourself, your family, your country, the world-dd- It’s so difficult to tell the difference between the stories we invent and reality-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . Whenever you try to dictate the outcome of your meditation you negate its most wondrous benefit – the pleasure of simply being-dd- Paul Wilson . Reality is neutral-dd- Our reactions reflect back and create our world-dd- Judge, and feel separate and lonely-dd- Anger, and lose peace of mind-dd- Cling, and live in anxiety-dd- Fantasize, and miss the present-dd- Desire, and suffer until you have it-dd- Heaven and hell are right here, right now-dd- Naval Ravikant . Happiness to me is mainly not suffering, not desiring, not thinking too much about the future or the past, really embracing the present moment and the reality of what is, the way it is-dd- Naval Ravikant . Meditation is about keeping the mind clear; thinking deeply about reality-dd- It’s about thinking about our emotions, asking ourselves ‘Why do I feel angry-qq-’ and coming to understand the advantages and sound basis of positive emotions like warmheartedness-dd- Dalai Lama . Think hard, dig deep, do not take appearances for reality-dd- Robert Greene . Meditation is such a more substantial reality than what we normally take to be reality-dd- Richard Gere . The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Thought is so cunning, so clever, that it distorts everything for its own convenience-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Why do you want to read others’ books when there is the book of yourself-qq- Jiddu Krishnamurti . All the suffering, stress, and addiction comes from not realizing you already are what you are looking for-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Silence is not an absence but a presence-dd- Anne D-dd- LeClaire . Prayer is when you talk to God; Meditation is when you listen to God-dd- Diana Robinson . Meditation is a vital way to purify and quiet the mind, thus rejuvenating the body-dd- Deepak Chopra . When you reach a calm and quiet meditative state, that is when you can hear the sound of silence-dd- Stephen Richards . Silence isn’t empty, it’s full of answers-dd- Unknown . Within each of us there is a silence, a silence as vast as the universe-dd- And when we experience that silence, we remember who we are-dd- Gunilla Norris . Everything that’s created comes out of silence-dd- Your thoughts emerge from the nothingness of silence-dd- Your words come out of this void-dd- Your very essence emerged from emptiness-dd- All creativity requires some stillness-dd- Wayne Dyer . True silence is the rest of the mind, and is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment-dd- William Penn . That deep silence has a melody of its own, a sweetness unknown amid the harsh discords of the world’s sounds-dd- Paul Brunton . We live, in fact, in a world starved for solitude, silence, and private: and therefore starved for meditation and true friendship-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . The soul always knows what to do to heal itself-dd- The challenge is to silence the mind-dd- Caroline Myss . The stiller you are the calmer life is-dd- Rasheed Ogunlaru . One who is patient glows with an inner radiance-dd- Allan Lokos . The body benefits from movement, and the mind benefits from stillness-dd- Sakyong Mipham . So the darkness shall be the light, and the stillness the dancing-dd- T-dd- S-dd- Eliot . Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen – that stillness becomes a radiance-dd- Morgan Freeman . Have patience with all things, But, first of all with yourself-dd- Saint Francis de Sales . The two hardest tests on the spiritual road are the patience to wait for the right moment and the courage not to be disappointed with what we encounter-dd- Paulo Coelho . Comfort is no test of truth-dd- Truth is often far from being comfortable-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Inner stillness is the key to outer strength-dd- Jared Brock . True intelligence operates silently-dd- Stillness is where creativity and solutions to problems are found-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Be the silent watcher of your thoughts and behavior-dd- You are beneath the thinker-dd- You are the stillness beneath the mental noise-dd- You are the love and joy beneath the pain-dd- Eckhart Tolle . In the midst of movement and chaos, keep stillness inside of you-dd- Deepak Chopra . Patience is the companion of wisdom-dd- Augustine of Hippo . It is only with total humility, and in absolute stillness of mind that we can know what indeed we are-dd- Wei Wu Wei . Meditation is a state you’re in when you’re not doing anything – physically, mentally, or consciously-dd- You’re just making no effort-dd- You’re literally being completely still, physically and mentally, inside and out-dd- Naval Ravikant . To understand the immeasurable, the mind must be extraordinarily quiet, still-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . You might be tempted to avoid the messiness of daily living for the tranquility of stillness and peacefulness-dd- This, of course, would be an attachment to stillness, and like any strong attachment, it leads to delusion-dd- It arrests development and short-circuits the cultivation of wisdom-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Patience is a form of wisdom-dd- It demonstrates that we understand and accept the fact that sometimes things must unfold in their own time-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Stillness within one individual can affect society beyond measure-dd- Bede Griffiths . If water derives lucidity from stillness, how much more the faculties of the mind-dd- Zhuangzi . The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit-dd- Molière . Life is a dance-dd- Mindfulness is witnessing that dance-dd- Amit Ray . Raise you awareness and share your uniqueness to the world-dd- Amit Ray . Mindfulness is a way of befriending ourselves and our experience-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Mindfulness practice means that we commit fully in each moment to be present; inviting ourselves to interface with this moment in full awareness, with the intention to embody as best we can an orientation of calmness, mindfulness, and equanimity right here and right now-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . When we pay focused attention to our bodily sensations, we can recognize the ebb and flow of our emotions and, with that, increase our control over them-dd- Bessel van der Kolk . Create a gap of no-mind in which you are highly alert and aware but not thinking-dd- This is the essence of meditation-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Awareness requires living in the here and now, and not in the elsewhere, the past or the future-dd- Eric Berne . In your present-moment awareness, awaken to your innocence, your trust, your love, your eternal being-dd- Deepak Chopra . Mindfulness is the miracle by which we master and restore ourselves-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Rather than being your thoughts and emotions, be the awareness behind them-dd- Eckhart Tolle . We can’t control what thoughts and emotions arise within us, nor can we control the universal truth that everything changes-dd- But we can learn to step back and rest in the awareness of what’s happening-dd- That awareness can be our refuge-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Restore your attention or bring it to a new level by dramatically slowing down whatever you’re doing-dd- Sharon Salzberg . The first step toward change is awareness-dd- The second step is acceptance-dd- Nathaniel Branden . Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness-dd- James Thurber . Mindfulness is the aware, balanced acceptance of the present experience-dd- It isn’t more complicated than that-dd- It is opening to or receiving the present moment, pleasant or unpleasant, just as it is, without either clinging to it or rejecting it-dd- Sylvia Boorstein . In awareness there is no becoming, there is no end to be gained-dd- There is silent observation without choice and condemnation, from which there comes understanding-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The next message you need is always right where you are-dd- Ram Dass . The more we witness our emotional reactions and understand how they work, the easier it is to refrain-dd- Pema Chödrön . You must be completely awake in the present to enjoy the tea-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Awareness without action is worthless-dd- Phil McGraw . That’s life: starting over, one breath at a time-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Breath is the finest gift of nature-dd- Be grateful for this wonderful gift-dd- Amit Ray . If you want to conquer the anxiety of life, live in the moment, live in the breath-dd- Amit Ray . If you have time to breathe you have time to meditate-dd- You breathe when you walk-dd- You breathe when you stand-dd- You breathe when you lie down-dd- Ajahn Amaro . This is universal-dd- You sit and observe your breath-dd- You can’t say this is a Hindu breath or a Christian breath or a Muslim breath-dd- Charles Johnson . Mere physical sitting is not enough-dd- You have to sit carefully and attentively-dd- Let your body and breathing sit-dd- Let your mind and emotions sit-dd- Let your blood circulation sit-dd- Let everything sit-dd- Then your sitting becomes indestructible, immovable-dd- Maezumi Roshi . Be aware of your breathing-dd- Notice how this takes attention away from your thinking and creates space-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Breathing is central to every aspect of meditation training-dd- It’s a wonderful place to focus in training the mind to be calm and concentrated-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Breathing is the first thing we do upon entering this existence, and the last as well-dd- Thibaut . To meditate with mindful breathing is to bring body and mind back to the present moment so that you do not miss your appointment with life-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Smile, breathe and go slowly-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Watch every thought-dd- Always ask, why am I having this thought-qq- Naval Ravikant . A busy mind accelerates the perceived passage of time-dd- Buy more time by cultivating peace of mind-dd- Naval Ravikant . Mind can be your best friend or your worst enemy-dd- Kabira . If you cultivate the attitude of indifference towards the mind, gradually you will cease to identify with it-dd- Annamalai Swami . Meditation is what is left after you’ve worked out the clutter within your mind-dd- Ideally it is not a bandaid but a cure where you are progressing towards peace from mind-dd- Kapil Gupta . If you can be continuously aware of each thought as it rises, and if you can be so indifferent to it that it doesn’t sprout or flourish, you are well on the way to escaping from the entanglements of mind-dd- Annamalai Swami . When you know that everything that is happening is only appearing on the screen of consciousness, and that you yourself are the screen on which it all appears, nothing can touch you, harm you or make you afraid-dd- Annamalai Swami . Meditation is not a way of making your mind quiet-dd- It’s a way of entering into the quiet that’s already there – buried under the 50,000 thoughts the average person thinks every day-dd- Deepak Chopra . Every time you create a gap in the stream of mind, the light of your consciousness grows stronger-dd- One day you may catch yourself smiling at the voice in your head-dd- This means that you no longer take the content of your mind all that seriously, as your sense of self does not depend on it-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Realisation is nothing new to be acquired-dd- It is already there, but obstructed by a screen of thoughts-dd- All our attempts are directed to lifting this screen and then realisation is revealed-dd- Ramana Maharshi . All that you are is the result of what you have thought-dd- It is founded on your thoughts-dd- It is made up of your thoughts-dd- Swami Sivananda . Look past your thoughts, so you may drink the pure nectar of this moment-dd- Rumi . Your life doesn’t get any better than your mind is: You might have wonderful friends, perfect health, a great career, and everything else you want, and you can still be miserable-dd- The converse is also true: There are people who basically have nothing — who live in circumstances that you and I would do more or less anything to avoid — who are happier than we tend to be because of the character of their minds-dd- Unfortunately, one glimpse of this truth is never enough-dd- We have to be continually reminded of it-dd- Sam Harris (Taming The Mind) . The thoughts resolve themselves-dd- Just sit there with them-dd- The reason they don’t get resolved is because you’re either running away or fighting them-dd- If you sit there with something long enough, it will get resolved-dd- Naval Ravikant . I think that the mind itself is a muscle and it can be trained and it can be conditioned-dd- It has just been haphazardly conditioned by society out of our control-dd- Naval Ravikant . In my mind, the mind should be a servant and a tool, not a master-dd- It’s not something that should be controlling me and driving me 24/7-dd- Naval Ravikant . Modern humans, we don’t live enough in our body-dd- We don’t live enough in our awareness-dd- We live too much in this internal monologue in our heads-dd- Naval Ravikant . In meditation, you are supposed to closely observe your mind and body, witness the ceaseless arising and passing of all your feelings, and realise how pointless it is to pursue them-dd- When the pursuit stops, the mind becomes very relaxed, clear and satisfied-dd- Yuval Noah Harari . Our mind is accustomed to meditating on the future and the past, but we need to retrain it to come back to the present-dd- Lodro Rinzler . The goal of meditation is precisely to make your mind smooth and manageable so that it can be concentrated or relaxed at will; and especially to free it from the tyranny of mental afflictions and confusion-dd- Matthieu Ricard . The fruit of meditation is not the absence of thoughts, but the fact that thoughts cease to harm us-dd- Bokar Rinpoche . Your goal is not to battle with the mind, but to witness the mind-dd- Swami Muktananda . What is important in meditation is the quality of the mind and the heart-dd- It is not what you achieve, or what you say you attain, but rather the quality of a mind that is innocent and vulnerable-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . To meditate is to observe yourself, for you are totally responsible for your body, mind, thought-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . The mind has to be empty to see clearly-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . I don’t mind what happens-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Mind is like a mad monkey-dd- Sathya Sai Baba . The mind can be a crazy monkey that is always dying to escape from the moment-dd- Rolf Potts . Distraction is the main problem for us all – what the Buddha called the monkey mind-dd- We need to tame this monkey mind-dd- Tenzin Palmo . My mind swings wildly through time, touching on dozens of ideas a minute, unharnessed and undisciplined-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . Your mind is a wild horse-dd- Logic, the saddle-dd- Meditation, the reins-dd- System Of Systems . Spend twenty minutes every day if possible, in meditation, listening to the crazy monkey mind inside you, and learning how to still the thoughts and discover that big, deep soulful part of yourself-dd- Elizabeth Lesser . The advantage of meditation is not that you’re suddenly going to gain the superpower to control your internal state, it’s that you will recognize just how out of control your mind is-dd- It is like a monkey flinging feces, that’s running around the room, making trouble, shouting, breaking things-dd- It’s completely uncontrollable-dd- It’s an out-of-control mad person-dd- Naval Ravikant . I’m trying to turn off my monkey mind-dd- Naval Ravikant . Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer-dd- William S-dd- Burroughs . Our mind is habituated to running amok, not staying focused on something as basic as the breath-dd- This is why meditation practice is difficult-dd- We have spent years habituating ourselves to do anything other than be present with what is going on in this very moment-dd- Lodro Rinzler . Your mind may sometimes be chaotic; it may sometimes be peaceful-dd- In either case, if you can investigate it through simply being present then you are becoming more thoroughly who you are-dd- Lodro Rinzler . You may think I’m small, but I have a universe inside my mind-dd- Yoko Ono . You would lose your mind trying to understand mine-dd- Unknown . Insanity is often the logic of an accurate mind overtasked-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . In the untrained mind there is ceaseless movement, filled with plans, ideas, and memories-dd- Seeing this previously unconscious stream of inner dialogue is one of the first insights in meditation practice-dd- Jack Kornfield . The more your mind is occupied by involuntary thoughts, the less working memory is available, which means less cognitive processing power-dd- For your cognitive machinery to work at its optimal capacity, you must clear it of unwanted data, and free up more mental space-dd- The Ancient Sage . Sound is our mind, silence is our being-dd- Osho . Give your fullest attention to whatever the moment presents-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Pay attention to the beauty surrounding you-dd- Anne Lamott . The highest ecstasy is the attention at its fullest-dd- Simone Weil . Thinking is by far the most underrated activity-dd- People consider it “unproductive” to sit on a bench and think-dd- So they spend their lives doing things they never thought through-dd- An hour of clear thinking, can yield a conclusion that changes your life-dd- Johnny Uzan . Focus is a matter of deciding what things you’re not going to do-dd- John Carmack . Put your heart, mind, intellect, and soul even to your smallest acts-dd- This is the secret of success-dd- Swami Sivananda . Do one thing at a time, and while doing it put your whole soul into it to the exclusion of all else-dd- Swami Vivekananda . There is no limit to the power of the human mind-dd- The more concentrated it is, the more power is brought to bear on one point-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Mindfulness is often spoken of as the heart of Buddhist meditation-dd- It’s not about Buddhism, but about paying attention-dd- That’s what all meditation is, no matter what tradition or particular technique is used-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Pay attention-dd- It’s all about paying attention-dd- Attention is vitality-dd- It connects you with others-dd- It makes you eager-dd- Stay eager-dd- Susan Sontag . Attention is a limited resource, so pay attention to where you pay attention-dd- Howard Rheingold . Concentration is the ability to think about absolutely nothing when it is absolutely necessary-dd- Ray Knight . The ability to focus attention on important things is a defining characteristic of intelligence-dd- Robert J-dd- Shiller . All you have to do is to pay attention; lessons always arrive when you are ready-dd- Paulo Coelho . Concentration is the doorway through which the meditative state becomes available-dd- Gudjon Bergmann . When walking, walk-dd- When eating, eat-dd- Zen proverb . You can’t stop the waves, but you can learn to surf-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . A flower does not think of competing to the flower next to it-dd- It just blooms-dd- Zen Shin . Meditation means to be free from all phenomena and calmness means to be internally unperturbed-dd- There will be calmness when one is free from external objects and is not perturbed-dd- Bruce Lee . You cannot control the results, only your actions-dd- Allan Lokos . Like water, we are truest to our nature in repose-dd- Cyril Connolly . Everything that has a beginning has an ending-dd- Make your peace with that and all will be well-dd- Jack Kornfield . Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know-dd- Pema Chödrön . It’s helpful to remind yourself that meditation is about opening and relaxing with whatever arises, without picking and choosing-dd- Pema Chödrön . Happy he stands, happy he sits, happy sleeps, and happy he comes and goes-dd- Happy he speaks and happy he eats-dd- This is the life of a man at peace-dd- Ashtavakra Gita . Where there is peace and meditation, there is neither anxiety nor doubt-dd- Saint Francis De Sales . Untrained warriors are soon killed on the battlefield; so also persons untrained in the art of preserving their inner peace are quickly riddled by the bullets of worry and restlessness in active life-dd- Paramahansa Yogananda . Peace doesn’t mean that you will not have problems-dd- Peace means that your problems will not have you-dd- Tony Evans . The real spiritual progress of the aspirant is measured by the extent to which he achieves inner tranquility-dd- Sivananda . Great tranquility of heart is his who cares for neither praise nor blame-dd- Thomas a Kempis . Having meditated for an hour a day for a few months now, I’ve sort of caught up-dd- I’ve examined large parts of myself that have faded into the background, and so now what remains when I sit, is peace-dd- Naval Ravikant . Ego says, “Once everything falls into place, I’ll feel peace”-dd- Spirit says, “Find your peace, and then everything will fall into place”-dd- Marianne Williamson . The word ‘innocence’ means a mind that is incapable of being hurt-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Without inner peace, outer peace is impossible-dd- Geshe Kelsang Gyatso . To pay attention, this is our endless and proper work-dd- Mary Oliver . Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work at hand-dd- The sun’s rays do not burn until brought to a focus-dd- Alexander Graham Bell . Each of us is an artist of our days; the greater our integrity and awareness, the more original and creative our time will become-dd- John O’Donohue . No great work has ever been produced except after a long interval of still and musing meditation-dd- Walter Bagehot . The feeling that any task is a nuisance will soon disappear if it is done in mindfulness-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Meditation more than anything in my life was the biggest ingredient of whatever success I’ve had-dd- Ray Dalio . I would like to spend the rest of my days in a place so silent–and working at a pace so slow–that I would be able to hear myself living-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . People spend too much time doing and not enough time thinking about what they should be doing-dd- Naval Ravikant . You’re meant to do something-dd- You’re not just meant to lie there in the sand and meditate all day long-dd- You should self-actualize-dd- You should do what you are meant to do-dd- Naval Ravikant . I cultivate empty space as a way of life for the creative process-dd- Josh Waitzkin (On the Tim Ferriss podcast) . Meditation is as deep and as powerful a tool as I could possibly describe-dd- Josh Waitzkin . The secret is that everything is always on the line-dd- The more present we are at practice, the more present we will be in competition, in the boardroom, at the exam, the operating table, the big stage-dd- If we have any hope of attaining excellence, let alone of showing what we’ve got under pressure, we have to be prepared by a lifestyle of reinforcement-dd- Presence must be like breathing-dd- Josh Waitzkin (The Art Of Learning) . Concentration is the key to economic results-dd- No other principles of effectiveness is violated as constantly today as the basic principle of concentration-dd- Peter F-dd- Drucker . To be able to concentrate for a considerable time is essential to difficult achievement-dd- Bertrand Russell . The difference between something good and something great is attention to detail-dd- Charles R-dd- Swindoll . Most people search high and wide for the key to success-dd- If they only knew, the key to their dreams lies within-dd- George Washington Carver . If you can grow in love, you will grow in awareness-dd- If you grow in awareness, you will grow in love-dd- Osho . The greatest gift you can give someone is your time-dd- Rick Warren . The things that matter most in our lives are not fantastic or grand-dd- They are moments when we touch one another-dd- Jack Kornfield . A fit body, a calm mind, a house full of love-dd- These things cannot be bought – they must be earned-dd- Naval Ravikant . Having a calm and compassionate mind enables us to use our natural intelligence more effectively-dd- Dalai Lama . One of the greatest gifts you can give to anyone is the gift of attention-dd- Jim Rohn . The most basic and powerful way to connect to another person is to listen-dd- Just listen-dd- Rachel Naomi Remen . A loving silence often has far more power to heal and to connect than the most well-intentioned words-dd- Rachel Naomi Remen . Once you start drinking a little of meditativeness, a little of love, you start growing wings-dd- Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh . Give yourself permission to allow this moment to be exactly as it is, and allow yourself to be exactly as you are-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . It is indeed a radical act of love just to sit down and be quiet for a time by yourself-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Love is the bridge between you and everything-dd- Rumi . One conscious breath in and out is a meditation-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Don’t try to solve anything, just “be”-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I just started with watching my breath and evolved from there-dd- Naval Ravikant . No intentions, just be-dd- There can’t be any formula-dd- It’s available to everyone or not at all-dd- Naval Ravikant . It’s hard to recommend a routine as it’s the ultimate single-player game-dd- Try them all and see which one works for you-dd- Naval Ravikant (Try routine 1, routine 2, routine 3) . This will summon a horde of angry people but I would skip TM [Transcendental Meditation] and apps-dd- No systems, no interference-dd- Pick a dark, quiet place, first thing in the morning, just sit and observe (your breath)-dd- Let everything go, surrender to what happens-dd- One hour per day for one week straight-dd- Naval Ravikant . Sit down, close your eyes, get in a comfortable position, and whatever happens, happens-dd- If you think, you think-dd- If you don’t think, you don’t think-dd- Don’t put any effort into it-dd- Naval Ravikant . Please, when you practice meditation, don’t make any effort-dd- Allow yourself to be like a pebble at rest-dd- The pebble is resting at the bottom of a river, and the pebble does not have to do anything-dd- While you are a walking, you are resting-dd- While you were sitting, you are resting-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . When sitting in meditation, say, “That’s not my business-xx-” with every thought that comes by-dd- Ajahn Chah . When you begin to meditate you may notice changes right away-dd- Or nothing much may seem to change-dd- Don’t count on anything dramatic-dd- Most changes happen slowly-dd- Ram Dass . Meditate every single day-dd- Not once in a while-dd- Every single day-dd- Khensu . 1-dd- Sit comfortably, with your spine erect, either in a chair or cross-legged on a cushion-dd- 2-dd- Close your eyes, take a few deep breaths, and feel the points of contact between your body and the chair or the floor-dd- Notice the sensations associated with sitting — feelings of pressure, warmth, tingling, vibration, etc-dd- 3-dd- Gradually become aware of the process of breathing-dd- Pay attention to wherever you feel the breath most distinctly — either at your nostrils or in the rising and falling of your abdomen-dd- 4-dd- Allow your attention to rest in the mere sensation of breathing-dd- (You don’t have to control your breath-dd- Just let it come and go naturally-dd-) 5-dd- Every time your mind wanders in thought, gently return it to the breath-dd- 6-dd- As you focus on the process of breathing, you will also perceive sounds, bodily sensations, or emotions-dd- Simply observe these phenomena as they appear in consciousness and then return to the breath-dd- 7-dd- The moment you notice that you have been lost in thought, observe the present thought itself as an object of consciousness-dd- Then return your attention to the breath — or to any sounds or sensations arising in the next moment-dd- 8-dd- Continue in this way until you can merely witness all objects of consciousness — sights, sounds, sensations, emotions, even thoughts themselves — as they arise, change, and pass away-dd- . Just sit, breathe, and pay attention to what it’s like to be you-dd- Nothing to add-dd- Nothing to take away-dd- Nothing to fix, or change or do-dd- Just you – sitting, breathing, paying attention-dd- You are welcome here-dd- Here you belong-dd- Here you are enough-dd- Breathe-dd- Jason Garner . 