Courage is knowing what not to fear-dd- Plato . Your mission: Be so busy loving your life that you have no time for hate, regret or fear-dd- Karen Salmansohn . Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will-dd- Suzy Kassem . Do one thing every day that scares you-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Do not be afraid; our fate cannot be taken from us; it is a gift-dd- Dante Alighieri . Without darkness nothing comes to birth, as without light nothing flowers-dd- May Sarton . Find out what you’re afraid of and go live there-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Ultimately we know deeply that the other side of every fear is a freedom-dd- Marilyn Ferguson . Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live-dd- Dorothy Thompson . He who has overcome his fears will truly be free-dd- Aristotle . We suffer more in imagination than in reality-dd- Seneca . Fear doesn’t exist anywhere except in the mind-dd- Dale Carnegie . Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood-dd- Now is the time to understand more so that we may fear less-dd- Marie Curie . What the mind doesn’t understand, it worships or fears-dd- Alice Walker . Fear, hatred, and suspicion narrow your mind – compassion opens it-dd- Dalai Lama . Cease to hope and you will cease to fear-dd- Hecato . The only thing we have to fear is fear itself-dd- Franklin D-dd- Roosevelt . If you want to cure the world, don’t emanate fear – emanate love-dd- Ram Dass . I was never afraid of failure; for I would sooner fail than not be among the greatest-dd- John Keats . The fears we don’t face becomes our limits-dd- Robin Sharma . Everything you want is on the other side of fear-dd- Jack Canfield . Fear has a large shadow, but he himself is small-dd- Ruth Gendler . To live is the rarest thing in the world-dd- Most people just exist-dd- Oscar Wilde . The whole secret of existence is to have no fear-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Your fears are a kind of prison that confines you within a limited range of action-dd- The less you fear, the more power you will have and the more fully you will live-dd- Robert Greene . Observe yourself-dd- See how you push away unpleasant thoughts, delay important decisions, postpone difficult conversations and avoid hard tasks-dd- Observe how you avoid discomfort and take refuge in comforting distractions-dd- Self observation is the beginning of self transformation-dd- The Ancient Sage . Never let the future disturb you-dd- You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present-dd- Marcus Aurelius . They lose the day in expectation of the night, and the night in fear of the dawn-dd- Seneca . There can be no initiative if one has fear, and fear compels us to cling to tradition, gurus, etc-dd- Bruce Lee . Our greatest fear should not be of failure, but of succeeding at something that doesn’t really matter-dd- D-dd- L-dd- Moody . Fear is temporary-dd- Regret is forever-dd- Unknown . For life to be really fun, what you fear should line up with what you desire-dd- Nassim Nicholas Taleb . What you are afraid to do is a clear indication of the next thing you need to do-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . A man who fears suffering is already suffering from what he fears-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgment that something else is more important than fear-dd- Ambrose Redmoon . In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Being scared is part of being alive-dd- Accept it-dd- Walk through it-dd- Robin Sharma . Do not fear mistakes-dd- You will know failure-dd- Continue to reach out-dd- Benjamin Franklin (This is one of my favorite fear quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth-dd- Pema Chödrön . Fear is pain arising from the anticipation of evil-dd- Aristotle . FEAR: False Evidence Appearing Real-dd- . Fear itself is a creation of your mind-dd- It does not exist independently-dd- Since it is a fabrication, you don’t have to fight it-dd- Just understand it-dd- Understanding is the key to freedom-dd- The Ancient Sage . Fear is the enemy of logic-dd- Frank Sinatra . Fear is a friend of exceptional people-dd- Cus D’Amato . Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great-dd- John D-dd- Rockefeller . I love the name of honor, more than I fear death-dd- Julius Caesar . If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed-dd- Albert Einstein . Instead of harboring fear and suspicion we need to think of other people not as ‘them’ but ‘us’-dd- Dalai Lama . Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game-dd- Babe Ruth . He who indulges in empty fears earns himself real fears-dd- Seneca . Now’s not the time for fear-dd- That comes later-dd- Bane (Batman) . Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear-dd- Mark Twain . I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times-dd- Bruce Lee . Limits, like fear, is often an illusion-dd- Michael Jordan . Thinking will not overcome fear but action will-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . Extreme fear can neither fight nor fly-dd- William Shakespeare . Beware; for I am fearless, and therefore powerful-dd- Mary Shelley (Frankenstein) . Courage is the power of the mind to overcome fear-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear; knowing what must be done does away with fear-dd- Rosa Parks . I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it-dd- The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear-dd- Nelson Mandela . Do that which you fear to do and the fear will die-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The scariest moment is always just before you start-dd- After that, things can only get better-dd- Stephen King . Let us never negotiate out of fear-dd- But let us never fear to negotiate-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Fear not the path of Truth for the lack of people walking on it-dd- Robert F-dd- Kennedy . I steer my bark with hope in the head, leaving fear astern-dd- My hopes indeed sometimes fail, but not oftener than the forebodings of the gloomy-dd- Thomas Jefferson . The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face-dd- You must do the thing which you think you cannot do-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . You can’t make decisions based on fear and the possibility of what might happen-dd- Michelle Obama . I am not afraid of an army of lions led by a sheep; I am afraid of an army of sheep led by a lion-dd- Alexander the Great . It is weakness which breeds fear, and fear breeds distrust-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . I will tell you the secret to getting rich on Wall Street-dd- You try to be greedy when others are fearful-dd- And you try to be fearful when others are greedy-dd- Warren Buffett . Fear is the path to the dark side-dd- Fear leads to anger-dd- Anger leads to hate-dd- Hate leads to suffering-dd- Yoda (George Lucas) . Keep your fears to yourself, but share your inspiration with others-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . I’m not afraid of storms, for I’m learning how to sail my ship-dd- Louisa May Alcott . Have no fear of perfection – you’ll never reach it-dd- Salvador Dali . Become so wrapped up in something that you forget to be afraid-dd- Lady Bird Johnson . Move towards what scares you-dd- Tom Bilyeu . There is no illusion greater than fear-dd- Lao Tzu . Some things are in our control and others not-dd- Epictetus . Hope and fear are the same-dd- The Daily Stoic . A fighter has to know fear-dd- Cus D’Amato . Fear is stupid-dd- So are regrets-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Never let your fear decide your future-dd- Unknown . Don’t fear failure-dd- Fear the absence of progress-dd- Unknown . Fear is a mile high, a mile wide, and paper thin-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Fear is a lie-dd- Unknown . Fear does not stop death-dd- It stops life-dd- Vi Keeland . I’m intimidated by the fear of being average-dd- Taylor Swift . Do what you fear and fear disappears-dd- David Joseph Schwartz . Shatter all your fear-dd- Robin Sharma . Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom-dd- Søren Kierkegaard . Fear is not the natural state of civilized people-dd- Aung San Suu Kyi . Don’t let your heart be colonized by fear-dd- Jack Kornfield . Of all the hazards, fear is the worst-dd- Sam Snead (Professional golfer) . Fear kills growth-dd- Gary Vaynerchuk . Always do what you’re afraid to do-dd- E-dd- Lockhart . Laughter is poison to fear-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game Of Thrones) . Fear cuts deeper than swords-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game Of Thrones) . Scared is what you’re feeling-dd- Brave is what you’re doing-dd- Emma Donoghue . How very little can be done under the spirit of fear-dd- Florence Nightingale . Don’t fear, just live right-dd- Neal A-dd- Maxwell . Inaction breeds doubt and fear-dd- Action breeds confidence and courage-dd- Dale Carnegie . Focus on where you want to go, not on what you fear-dd- Tony Robbins . Action eliminates fear-dd- Headphone up and get shit done-dd- Tom Bilyeu . Your choices define you-dd- Don’t let fear be your definition-dd- Tom Bilyeu . It’s okay to be a little afraid, it just means you’re about to learn something-dd- Thibaut . Run from what’s comfortable-dd- Forget safety-dd- Live where you fear to live-dd- Destroy your reputation-dd- Be notorious-dd- I have tried prudent planning long enough-dd- From now on I’ll be mad-dd- Rumi . I must not fear-dd- Fear is the mind-killer-dd- Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration-dd- I will face my fear-dd- Frank Herbert . Feel the fear and do it anyway-dd- Susan Jeffers . Be not afraid of anything-dd- You will do marvelous work-dd- The moment you fear, you are nobody-dd- Be a hero-dd- Always say, ‘I have no fear’-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Face your fears, pursue your ambitions, and become the hero you are destined to be-dd- Josh Kaufman . You gotta act-dd- And you’ve gotta be willing to fail, you gotta be ready to crash and burn, with people on the phone, with starting a company, with whatever-dd- If you’re afraid of failing, you won’t get very far-dd- Steve Jobs . Two elements must therefore be rooted out once for all, – the fear of future suffering, and the recollection of past suffering; since the latter no longer concerns me, and the former concerns me not yet-dd- Seneca . Confidence comes from being vulnerable, not by shielding yourself-dd- It is a function of exposure-dd- The more you are exposed to challenges, the more you grow-dd- To grow in confidence, you must first be open to embarrassment-dd- Get your feet wet, there is no other way-dd- The Ancient Sage . Be at one with your fate and give your actions the weight of eternity-dd- Stop wishing for something else to happen, for a different fate-dd- That is to live a false life-dd- Robert Greene . My formula for greatness in a human being is amor fati: that one wants nothing to be different, not forward, not backward, not in all eternity-dd- Not merely bear what is necessary, still less conceal it… but love it-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche (More about “amor fati” or “love of fate” in this YouTube video) . The beautiful thing about fear is, when you run to it, it runs away-dd- Robin Sharma . Being aware of your fear is smart-dd- Overcoming it is the mark of a successful person-dd- Seth Godin . It’s not a terrible thing that we feel fear when faced with the unknown-dd- It is part of being alive, something we all share-dd- Pema Chödrön . Fear is your friend-dd- It is an indicator-dd- Sometimes it shows you what you shouldn’t do, more often than not it shows you what you should do-dd- Tim Ferriss . When I hear music, I fear no danger-dd- I am invulnerable-dd- I see no foe-dd- I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Run after your fears-dd- Chase them-dd- Make them shake-dd- And dread the day you gained enough confidence to realize they were full of shit-dd- Thibaut . You don’t need it all figured out-dd- The more you think you do, the more you’ll procrastinate and fear moving forward-dd- Have courage and start now, even if you start small-dd- Thibaut . Don’t fear-dd- Prepare-dd- Don’t fear-dd- Learn-dd- Don’t fear-dd- Build-dd- Don’t fear-dd- Endure-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Sometimes, what we fear the most is what we most need to do-dd- Tim Ferriss . All the power is within you; you can do anything and everything-dd- Swami Vivekananda . It’s believing in our dreams and facing our fears head on that allows us to live our lives beyond limits-dd- Amy Purdy . Death is not the biggest fear we have; our biggest fear is taking the risk to be alive – the risk to be alive and express what we really are-dd- Don Miguel Ruiz . Don’t be afraid of your fears-dd- They’re not there to scare you-dd- They’re there to let you know that something is worth it-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Your largest fear carries your greatest growth-dd- Unknown . Fear is a pointer to your next adventure-dd- Unknown . Don’t give in to your fears-dd- If you do, you won’t be able to talk to your heart-dd- Paulo Coelho . If you’re are paralyzed with fear it’s a good sign-dd- It shows you what you have to do-dd- Steven Pressfield . The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity-dd- Seneca . A lot of people are afraid of heights-dd- Not me, I’m afraid of widths-dd- Steven Wright . Fear has two meanings: Forget Everything And Run or Face Everything And Rise-dd- The choice is yours-dd- Zig Ziglar . Only priests and fools are fearless and I’ve never been on the best of terms with God-dd- Patrick Rothfuss . I do not fear death-dd- I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it-dd- Mark Twain . What I came to realize is that fear, that’s the worst of it-dd- That’s the real enemy-dd- So, get up, get out in the real world and you kick that bastard as hard as you can right in the teeth-dd- Walter White (Breaking Bad) . Fear grows in darkness; if you think there’s a bogeyman around, turn on the light-dd- Dorothy Thompson . I’m not afraid to look like a big, hairy, smelly, foreign devil in Tokyo, though I do my best not to, I really do-dd- Anthony Bourdain . The dogs with the loudest bark are the ones that are most afraid-dd- Norman Reedus . You can judge your age by the amount of pain you feel when you come in contact with a new idea-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . I’m not afraid of death; I just don’t want to be there when it happens-dd- Woody Allen . You act like mortals in all that you fear, and like immortals in all that you desire-dd- Seneca . You’re subject to sorrow, fear, jealousy, anger and inconsistency-dd- That’s the real reason you should admit that you are not wise-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Fear makes us feel our humanity-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . A hope hides a fear — a fear hides a hope-dd- Unknown . The ego is antifragile-dd- When attacked it inflates to protect itself-dd- Michael . If I had just a little bit of wisdom I should walk the great path and fear only straying from it-dd- Lao Tzu . Die in your thoughts every morning and you will no longer fear death-dd- Yamamoto Tsunetomo (Hagakure) . The universe is made up of experiences that are designed to burn out our reactivity, which is our attachment, our clinging, to pain, to pleasure, to fear, to all of it-dd- Ram Dass . Where there is fear there is obviously no freedom, and without freedom there is no love at all-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Show me a man who isn’t a slave; one who is a slave to sex, another to money, another to ambition; all are slaves to hope or fear-dd- Seneca . All humans are afraid of the negative feelings that will arrive from situations-dd- Kapil Gupta . Everyone is afraid of something-dd- We fear things because we value them-dd- We fear losing people because we love them-dd- We fear dying because we value being alive-dd- Don’t wish you didn’t fear anything-dd- All that would mean is that you didn’t feel anything-dd- Cassandra Clare . How frequently do your thoughts include fear, judgment or simply justify your point of view-qq- Jack Kornfield . Do not be lured by the need to be liked: better to be respected, even feared-dd- Robert Greene (33 Strategies Of War) . The world is full of men who despise you, fear your ambition, and jealously guard their shrinking realms of power-dd- Robert Greene . Experience teaches us that silence terrifies people the most-dd- Bob Dylan . Fear is the cheapest room in the house-dd- I’d like to see you in better living conditions-dd- Hafiz . It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both-dd- Niccolo Machiavelli . What you really fear is inside yourself-dd- You fear your own power-dd- You fear your anger, the drive to do great or terrible things-dd- Ra’s Al Ghul (Batman) . I am afraid-dd- Not of life, or death, or nothingness, but of wasting it as if I had never been-dd- Daniel Keyes . There are two kinds of future concern: desire and fear-dd- They together create a perfect hell-dd- The Ancient Sage . Collective fear stimulates herd instinct, and tends to produce ferocity toward those who are not regarded as members of the herd-dd- Bertrand Russell . You must understand fear so you can manipulate it-dd- Fear is like fire-dd- You can make it work for you: it can warm you in the winter, cook your food when you’re hungry, give you light when you are in the dark, and produce energy-dd- Let it go out of control and it can hurt you, even kill you-dd- Cus D’Amato . Fear is death, fear is sin, fear is hell, fear is unrighteousness, and fear is wrong life-dd- All the negative thoughts and ideas that are in the world have proceeded from this evil spirit of fear-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Never turn your back on fear-dd- It should always be in front of you, like a thing that might have to be killed-dd- Hunter S-dd- Thompson . I am all in a sea of wonders-dd- I doubt; I fear; I think strange things, which I dare not confess to my own soul-dd- Bram Stoker (Dracula) . I was set free because my greatest fear has been realised and I was still alive-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light-dd- Plato . Men go to far greater lengths to avoid what they fear than to obtain what they desire-dd- Dan Brown . Fear is a phoenix-dd- You can watch it burn a thousand times and still it will return-dd- Leigh Bardugo . Don’t move the way fear makes you move-dd- Rumi . Danger is very real-dd- But fear is a choice-dd- Will Smith . It often requires more courage to dare to do right than to fear to do wrong-dd- Abraham Lincoln . Being brave doesn’t mean you aren’t scared-dd- You can be scared and be brave at the same time-dd- Preethi Kasireddy . Indifference is a misguided way of defending ourselves-dd- Jack Kornfield . Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric-dd- Bertrand Russell . How does it help… to make troubles heavier by bemoaning them-qq- Seneca . The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately-dd- Seneca . People are disturbed not by things, but by the view they take of them-dd- Epictetus . To understand your fear is the beginning of really seeing-dd- Bruce Lee . Every time you choose safety you reinforce fear-dd- illacertus . Understand your fears-dd- Face your fears-dd- Laugh at your fears-dd- This is the sequence to self-ownership-dd- Adrian Iliopoulos . Scared and sacred are spelled with the same letters-dd- Awful proceeds from the same root word as awesome-dd- Terrify and terrific-dd- Every negative experience holds the seed of transformation-dd- Alan Cohen . Giving in to anger, fear and suspicion disturbs our minds and our physical well-being, whereas trust and friendship are the basis of society-dd- Dalai Lama . The only way to ease our fear and be truly happy is to acknowledge our fear and look deeply at its source-dd- Instead of trying to escape from our fear, we can invite it up to our awareness and look at it clearly and deeply-dd- Thich Nhat Hạnh . Fear will make you overestimate the enemy and act too defensively-dd- Robert Greene (33 Strategies Of War) . It’s not fear that gets in our way-dd- We’re all afraid-dd- It’s how we self-protect that moves us away from our integrity-dd- Brené Brown . Life is only that which you live on your own terms-dd- Only that is your life; the rest is not yours-dd- If you are being dictated by others or meekly following them out of fear, you are wasting your only chance at life-dd- The Ancient Sage . Remember: the only enemy you need to fear is your own self – your lack of awareness and loss of control-dd- The Ancient Sage . Heaven is being immersed in the moment-dd- Hell is worrying about the future-dd- The Ancient Sage . Hecato says, ‘cease to hope and you will cease to fear-dd-’… The primary cause of both these ills is that instead of adapting ourselves to present circumstances we send out thoughts too far ahead-dd- Seneca . Typically, people don’t overcome their fears because the fears are nebulous and undefined-dd- Tim Ferriss . If the challenge we face doesn’t scare us, then it’s probably not that important-dd- Tim Ferriss . Responsibility over retribution-dd- Courage over cowardice-dd- Endurance over excuses-dd- Creation over criticism-dd- Discipline over desire-dd- Action over reaction-dd- Present over past-dd- Fire over fear-dd- The Stoic Emperor . If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles-dd- If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory you will also suffer a defeat-dd- If you know neither the enemy nor yourself you will succumb in every battle-dd- Sun Tzu . Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it-dd- Unknown . Worry gives a small thing a big shadow-dd- Swedish proverb . Fear the man of one book-dd- German proverb . A cat bitten once by a snake dreads even rope-dd- Arab proverb . Fear is only as deep as the mind allows-dd- Japanese proverb . Fear makes the wolf bigger than he is-dd- German proverb . Don’t fear moving forward slowly-dd- Fear standing still-dd- Chinese proverb . The best way to overcome fear is to face with equanimity the situation of which one is afraid-dd- B-dd-K-dd-S-dd- Iyengar . The presence of fear does not mean you have no faith-dd- Fear visits everyone-dd- But make your fear a visitor and not a resident-dd- Max Lucado . If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about-qq- What is there to fear-qq- Confucius . I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today-dd- William Allen White . Hope and fear cannot alter the seasons-dd- Chögyam Trungpa . To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom-dd- Bertrand Russell . Courage is fear holding on a minute longer-dd- George S-dd- Patton . To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden-dd- Seneca . Sitting mindfully with our sorrows and fears is an act of courage-dd- Jack Kornfield . The cave you fear to enter holds the treasure you seek-dd- Joseph Campbell . Get over any general fears you have of confronting people or you will find it extremely difficult to assert yourself-dd- Robert Greene . You must always be prepared to place a bet on yourself, on your future, by heading in a direction that others seem to fear-dd- Robert Greene . You can’t cry it away or eat it away or starve it away or walk it away or punch it away or even therapy it away-dd- It’s just there, and you have to survive it-dd- You have to endure it-dd- You have to live through it and love it and move on and be better for it-dd- Cheryl Strayed . Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens-dd- Epictetus . Most of us have two lives: the life we live, and the unlived life within us-dd- Between the two stands Resistance-dd- Steven Pressfield . Facing your fears – even with the odds in your favor – doesn’t guarantee success-dd- However, refusing to face them ensures you haven’t fully explored what it means to live a meaningful life-dd- Shane Parrish . No fear, no hesitation, no surprise, no doubt-dd- Miyamoto Musashi . If you want to conquer fear, don’t sit home and think about it-dd- Go out and get busy-dd- Dale Carnegie . Courage doesn’t mean you don’t get afraid-dd- Courage means you don’t let fear stop you-dd- Bethany Hamilton . Fear is nothing more than an obstacle that stands in the way of progress-dd- In overcoming our fears we can move forward stronger and wiser within ourselves-dd- Unknown . If you can figure out a way to wrestle that fear to push you from behind rather than to stand in front of you, that’s very powerful-dd- Jimmy Iovine . Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes-dd- You are free-dd- Jim Morrison . Be brave-dd- That fear you’re feeling won’t kill you-dd- It is completely natural and many other people feel it every day-dd- Markus Almond . If you can learn to sit in that fear – to feel it and move forward anyway, the world’s biggest doors will open for you-dd- Markus Almond . All your idols live with that fear just as much as you do-dd- We are all in this together-dd- We all get nervous-dd- Markus Almond . We think we’re no good and we want to turn back-dd- But a few crazy people lean into the fear-dd- They learn to function in the fear-dd- And if you can adopt that as a permanent outlook, you will get every last drop out of this gift called life-dd- Markus Almond . Through every generation of the human race there has been a constant war, a war with fear-dd- Those who have the courage to conquer it are made free and those who are conquered by it are made to suffer until they have the courage to defeat it, or death takes them-dd- Alexander The Great . Can a man still be brave if he’s afraid-qq- ‘That is the only time a man can be brave,’ his father told him-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game of Thrones) . There is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the will of others-dd- My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me-dd- Jane Austen . Stand up and be strong-xx- No fear-dd- No superstition-dd- Face the truth as it is-xx- Swami Vivekananda . Fear doesn’t exist anywhere except in the mind-dd- Dale Carnegie . You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so-dd- Dale Carnegie . To choose doubt as a philosophy of life is akin to choosing immobility as a means of transportation-dd- Yann Martel (Life of Pi) . The thing is – fear can’t hurt you any more than a dream-dd- William Golding (Lord of the Flies) . Don’t waste life in doubts and fears; spend yourself on the work before you, well assured that the right performance of this hour’s duties will be the best preparation for the hours and ages that will follow it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . He is rich who owns the day, and no one owns the day who allows it to be invaded with fret and anxiety-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Every single worry or fear you have will be meaningless down the road-dd- Every-dd- Single-dd- One-dd- Kamal Ravikant . “Paranoia”, “fear”, “burning worry”, and “drive” to “not lose” work in short term but will wreck you in long term-dd- Naval Ravikant . The greatest antidote to insecurity and the sense of fear is compassion – it brings one back to the basis of one’s inner strength-dd- Dalai Lama . One is never afraid of the unknown; one is afraid of the known coming to an end-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . My dear friends, my dear disciples, don’t take refuge in anything outside of you-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . People have a hard time letting go of suffering-dd- Out of a fear of the unknown, they prefer suffering that is familiar-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . The only thing we really have to fear is fearmongering itself-dd- Maureen Dowd . Fear creates its own self-fulfilling dynamic – as people give into it, they lose energy and momentum-dd- Robert Greene . When you are distressed by an external thing, it’s not the thing itself that troubles you, but only your judgment of it-dd- And you can wipe this out at a moment’s notice-dd- Marcus Aurelius . You are far from the only nervous person in the room-dd- Thibaut . Fear is a disease that eats away at logic and makes man inhuman-dd- Marian Anderson . The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown-dd- H-dd-P-dd- Lovecraft . The beauty of the world has two edges, one of laughter, one of anguish, cutting the heart asunder-dd- Virginia Woolf . Most people do not really want freedom, because freedom involves responsibility, and most people are frightened of responsibility-dd- Sigmund Freud . People tend to avoid the important work they fear by doing unimportant work that wears them out-dd- They suppress anxiety with exhaustion, but they do not address the source of the problem-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Modern people often feel most content in a hotel room-dd- They feel liberated by the novel emptiness-dd- No closet of unworn clothes to remind them of past identities-dd- No calendar to create anxiety for the future-dd- Many of the things we fear losing are things we would not miss-dd- The Stoic Emperor . When you are confronted with something immediately there is no fear-dd- It is only when thought comes in that there is fear-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . [Man] sacrifices his health in order to make money-dd- Then he sacrifices money to recuperate his health-dd- And then he is so anxious about the future that he does not enjoy the present; the result being that he does not live in the the present or the future; he lives as if he is never going to die, and then dies having never really lived-dd- Dalai Lama . Don’t be afraid of being scared-dd- To be afraid is a sign of common sense-dd- Only complete idiots are not afraid of anything-dd- Carlos Ruiz Zafón . Fear of the unknown is the greatest fear of all… but we just went for it-dd- Yvon Chouinard (Patagonia) . Ignorance and fear are the parents of all superstition-dd- Emma Goldman . It has always seemed that a fear of judgment is the mark of guilt and the burden of insecurity-dd- Criss Jami . Here is the world-dd- Beautiful and terrible things will happen-dd- Don’t be afraid-dd- Frederick Buechner . Fear is more crippling than the actual consequences-dd- Vince Vaughn . The more you fail, the less you’re afraid of it-dd- Gary Vaynerchuk . I failed my way to success-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Everything I’ve ever done was out of fear of being mediocre-dd- Chet Atkins . Great work is done by people who are not afraid to be great-dd- Fernando Flores . When you get rid of your fear of failure, your tensions about succeeding… you can be yourself-dd- Relaxed-dd- You’ll no longer be driving with your brakes on-dd- Anthony de Mello . Think like a queen-dd- A queen is not afraid to fail-dd- Failure is another steppingstone to greatness-dd- Oprah Winfrey . If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one-dd- Elbert Hubbard . The only real stumbling block is fear of failure-dd- In cooking you’ve got to have a ‘What the hell-qq-’ attitude-dd- Julia Child . Don’t fear failure-dd- That shit is powerful-dd- Fear mediocrity-dd- That will waste your entire life-dd- Tom Bilyeu . You can’t live in fear of embarrassment – it has far too much to teach you-dd- There is so much power in being the person that can sit in their embarrassment and figure out what went wrong and how to grow from it-dd- Tom Bilyeu . The more worldly success you have, the more your ego gets built up-dd- The more fearful you might be of losing it all-dd- Naval Ravikant . Power does not corrupt-dd- Fear corrupts… perhaps the fear of a loss of power-dd- John Steinbeck . Don’t be afraid to fail-dd- Don’t waste energy trying to cover up failure-dd- Learn from your failures and go on to the next challenge-dd- It’s OK to fail-dd- If you’re not failing, you’re not growing-dd- Anne Sullivan . There are so many doors to be opened, and I’m not afraid to look behind them-dd- Elizabeth Taylor . Most people, after one success, are so cringingly afraid of doing less well that they rub all the edge off their subsequent work-dd- Beatrix Potter . Most peak experiences are behind discomfort gates-dd- A society unable to handle discomfort is an impoverished one-dd- Michael . Your fears of the consequences of a bold action are way out of proportion to reality, and in fact the consequences of timidity are worse-dd- Robert Greene . Now is the time to stop drifting and wake up — to assess yourself, the people around you, and the direction in which you are headed in as cold and brutal a light as possible-dd- Without fear-dd- Robert Greene . Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears-dd- Les Brown . Fears are nothing more than a state of mind-dd- Napoleon Hill . Failure is a judgment, an opinion-dd- It stems from your fears, which can be eliminated by love – love for yourself, love for what you do, love for others, and love for your planet-dd- Wayne Dyer . Don’t let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt-dd- Jane Addams . The moment we begin to fear the opinions of others and hesitate to tell the truth that is in us, and from motives of policy are silent when we should speak, the divine floods of light and life no longer flow into our souls-dd- Elizabeth Cady Stanton . You are born with only two fears: fear of falling and fear of loud noise-dd- All the rest is learned-dd- And it’s a lot of work-xx- Richard Bandler . Don’t permit fear of failure to prevent effort-dd- We are all imperfect and will fail on occasions, but fear of failure is the greatest failure of all-dd- John Wooden . Obstacles don’t have to stop you-dd- If you run into a wall, don’t turn around and give up-dd- Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it-dd- Michael Jordan . Many fear judgement more than failure-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Fear is a manipulative emotion that can trick us into living a boring life-dd- Donald Miller . Fear comes in two packages: fear of failure, and sometimes, fear of success-dd- Tom Kite . He who fears he shall suffer, already suffers what he fears-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Without failure there is no achievement-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . People living deeply have no fear of death-dd- Anais Nin . I cannot escape death, but at least I can escape the fear of it-dd- Epictetus . Death and pain are not frightening, it’s the fear of pain and death we need to fear-dd- Epictetus . Wherever you are afraid, try to explore, and you will find death hiding somewhere behind-dd- All fear is of death-dd- Death is the only fear source-dd- Osho . Why should I fear death-qq- If I am, then death is not-dd- If Death is, then I am not-dd- Why should I fear that which can only exist when I do not-qq- Epicurus . I’m not afraid of death anymore-dd- And I think a lot of the struggle that we have in life comes from a deep, deep fear of death-dd- And it can take form in many ways-dd- One can be that we want to write the great American novel, or we really want to achieve something in this world, we want to build something, we want to build a great piece of technology or we want to start an amazing business or we want to run for office and make a difference-dd- Naval Ravikant . All fears are children of the fear of death-dd- Naval Ravikant . It’s not that we fear death, it’s that we fear not living the life we want-dd- Naval Ravikant . All men fear death-dd- It’s a natural fear that consumes us all-dd- We fear death because we feel that we haven’t loved well enough or loved at all, which ultimately are one and the same-dd- Woody Allen . To fear death, gentlemen, is no other than to think oneself wise when one is not, to think one knows what one does not know-dd- No one knows whether death may not be the greatest of all blessings for a man, yet men fear it as if they knew that it is the greatest of evils-dd- Socrates . People fear death even more than pain-dd- It’s strange that they fear death-dd- Life hurts a lot more than death-dd- At the point of death, the pain is over-dd- Jim Morrison . I know it is coming, and I do not fear it, because I believe there is nothing on the other side of death to fear-dd- I hope to be spared as much pain as possible on the approach path-dd- I was perfectly content before I was born, and I think of death as the same state-dd- Roger Ebert . He is terribly afraid of dying because he hasn’t yet lived-dd- Franz Kafka . Live your life that the fear of death can never enter your heart-dd- Tecumseh . Whatever scares or discomforts you is your teacher-dd- Unknown . Every time we choose safety, we reinforce fear-dd- Cheri Huber . Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change-dd- Jim Rohn . The happiness of childhood, the calming of a child’s fears and the healthy development of its self-confidence depend directly upon love-dd- Dalai Lama . Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity-dd- They seem to be more afraid of life than death-dd- James F-dd- Bymes . Freethinkers are those who are willing to use their minds without prejudice and without fearing to understand things that clash with their own customs, privileges, or beliefs-dd- Leo Tolstoy . I think the big mistake in schools is trying to teach children anything, and by using fear as the basic motivation-dd- Fear of getting failing grades, fear of not staying with your class, etc-dd- Interest can produce learning on a scale compared to fear as a nuclear explosion to a firecracker-dd- Stanley Kubrick . It’s the questions we can’t answer that teach us the most-dd- They teach us how to think-dd- If you give a man an answer, all he gains is a little fact-dd- But give him a question and he’ll look for his own answers-dd- Patrick Rothfuss . Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change-dd- Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley (Frankenstein) . We need to get rid of the fear and guilt we might have for asserting ourselves-dd- It serves no purpose except to keep us down-dd- Robert Greene . Man is a procrastinator by nature-dd- He procrastinates because he fears discomfort-dd- The Ancient Sage . We’d rather live with our problems than adapt to the solutions-dd- Shane Parrish . We’re predisposed to hate variation because it causes change-dd- Change creates uncertainty-dd- And uncertainty causes anxiety and insecurity-dd- Shane Parrish . Don’t fear change-dd- You may lose something good, but you may also gain something great-dd- Unknown . And loss of control is always the source of fear-dd- It is also, however, always the source of change-dd- James Frey . One can choose to go back toward safety or forward toward growth-dd- Growth must be chosen again and again; fear must be overcome again and again-dd- Abraham Maslow . I don’t let go of my thoughts, I meet them with understanding, then they let go of me-dd- Byron Katie . It is not change that causes anxiety; it is the feeling that we are without defenses in the presence of what we see as danger that causes anxiety-dd- Robert Kegan and Lisa Laskow Lahey . When we speak we are afraid our words will not be heard nor welcomed but when we are silent we are still afraid-dd- So it is better to speak remembering we were never meant to survive-dd- Audre Lorde . I have accepted fear as part of life – specifically the fear of change… I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back-dd- Erica Jong . I wonder if fears ever really go away, or if they just lose their power over us-dd- Veronica Roth . I can’t understand why people are frightened of new ideas-dd- I’m frightened of the old ones-dd- John Cage . We grow fearless when we do the things we fear-dd- Robin Sharma . No longer be either dissatisfied with thy present lot, or shrink from the future-dd- Marcus Aurelius . There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires-dd- Buddha . A quiet mind is able to hear intuition over fear-dd- Yvan Byeajee . To fully accept suffering and misfortune frees you from fear-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Abundance comes from a place of confidence-dd- Scarcity comes from a place of fear-dd- Unknown . Don’t dwell on the past or fear for the future; simply live the present moment wisely-dd- Rhonda Byrne (The Secret) . A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not-dd- Seneca . life is very short and anxious for those who forget the past, neglect the present, and fear the future-dd- Seneca . Fear-qq- What has a man to do with fear-qq- Chance rules our lives, and the future is all unknown-dd- Best live as we may, from day to day-dd- Sophocles . Anger and fear undermine our immune system, while warm-heartedness brings peace of mind-dd- Therefore, just as we teach children to comply with physical hygiene for the good of their health, we should also counsel them in a kind of hygiene of the emotions-dd- Dalai Lama . The only calibration that counts is how much heart people invest, how much they ignore their fears of being hurt or caught out or humiliated-dd- And the only thing people regret is that they didn’t live boldly enough, that they didn’t invest enough heart, didn’t love enough-dd- Nothing else really counts at all-dd- Ted Hughes . Be not afraid of life-dd- Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact-dd- Henry James . Concern for others’ well being reduces fear and suspicion, prompting the openness and transparency that gives rise to trust and friendship-dd- Dalai Lama . Freedom is the basis of all happiness-dd- This means freedom from despair, freedom from resentment, freedom from jealousy and fear-dd- Genuine practice is practice that helps you become more free and more solid-dd- Every step you take, every breath you take, every minute of sitting-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . We fear that this moment will end, that we won’t get what we need, that we will lose what we love, or that we will not be safe-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . What the world needs most is more love, more generosity, more mercy, more openness-dd- The root of human problems is not a lack of resources but comes from the misunderstanding, fear, and separateness that can be found in the hearts of people-dd- Jack Kornfield . True happiness is to enjoy the present without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied, for he that is wants nothing-dd- Seneca . All this hurrying from place to place won’t bring you any relief, for you’re travelling in the company of your own emotions, followed by your troubles all the way-dd- Seneca . Wild animals run from the dangers they actually see, and once they have escaped them worry no more-dd- We however are tormented alike by what is past and what is to come-dd- A number of our blessings do us harm, for memory brings back the agony of fear while foresight brings it on prematurely-dd- No one confines his unhappiness to the present-dd- Seneca . Caretake this moment-dd- Immerse yourself in its particulars-dd- Respond to this person or that person, this challenge, this deed-dd- Quit the evasions-dd- Stop giving yourself needless trouble-dd- It is time to really live; to fully inhabit the situation you happen to be in right now-dd- You are not some disinterested bystander-dd- Participate-dd- Exert yourself-dd- Epictetus . People will do anything, no matter how absurd, to avoid facing their own souls-dd- C-dd-G-dd- Jung . The key to success is for you to make a habit throughout your life of doing the things you fear-dd- Brian Tracy (See also: 7 Ways ‘Fearless’ People Conquer Fear) . If you go deeper and deeper into your own heart, you’ll be living in a world with less fear, isolation and loneliness-dd- Sharon Salzberg . The emotion of fear often works overtime-dd- Even when there is no immediate threat, our body may remain tight and on guard, our mind narrowed to focus on what might go wrong-dd- When this happens, fear is no longer functioning to secure our survival-dd- We are caught in the trance of fear and our moment-to-moment experience becomes bound in reactivity-dd- We spend our time and energy defending our life rather than living it fully-dd- Tara Brach . Accept who you are; and revel in it-dd- Mitch Album . There’s no shame in fear, my father told me, what matters is how we face it-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin . There is fear and insecurity in pride, for when one aims at being highly esteemed, and having achieved such status, he is automatically involved in the fear of losing one’s status-dd- Bruce Lee . There is no beauty in sadness-dd- No honor in suffering-dd- No growth in fear-dd- No relief in hate-dd- It’s just a waste of perfectly good happiness-dd- Katerina Stoykova Klemer . Let us not look back in anger or forward in fear, but around in awareness-dd- James Thurber . Hope is the only thing stronger than fear-dd- Robert Ludlum . Fear can hold you prisoner-dd- Hope can set you free-dd- Stephen King . The only known antidote to fear is faith-dd- Woodrow Kroll . Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . There is no hope unmingled with fear, and no fear unmingled with hope-dd- Baruch Spinoza . When we free ourselves from indulging the passions of fear and hope, we increase our power in each moment as we improve our character-dd- Stephen Hanselman . Hope is generally regarded as good-dd- Fear is generally regarded as bad-dd- To a Stoic like Hecato, they are the same — both are projections into the future about things we do not control-dd- Both are the enemy of this present moment that you are actually in-dd- Ryan Holiday . It’s not about overcoming our fears but understanding that both hope and fear contain a dangerous amount of want and worry in them-dd- And, sadly, the want is what causes the worry-dd- Ryan Holiday . In all things it’s better to hope than to despair-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . We promise according to our hopes and perform according to our fears-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . Fear is the most subtle and destructive of all human diseases-dd- Fear kills dreams and hope-dd- Les Brown . Fear is the fastest growing industry of our age-dd- The media, Internet, and politics all grow through fear-dd- Out best hopes is the trust and faith we place in our leaders and mentors-dd- Scott Edward Cunningham . Let me not beg for the stilling of my pain but for the heart to conquer it-dd- Let me not look for allies in life’s battlefield but to my own strength-dd- Let me not crave in anxious fear to be saved but hope for the patience to win my freedom-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . While your life is the true expression of your faith, whom can you fear-qq- Julia Ward Howe . Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid-dd- John 14:27 . As one whom his mother comforts, so I will comfort you-dd- Isaiah 66:13 . Fear not, for I am with you; be not dismayed, for I am your God-dd- I will strengthen you, yes, I will help you, I will uphold you with my righteous right hand-dd- Isaiah 41:10 . When I am afraid, I put my trust in you-dd- Psalm 56:3 . The lord is with me; I will not be afraid-dd- What can mere mortals do to me-qq- Psalm 118:6 . Even though I walk through the darkest valley,I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me-dd- Psalm 23:4 . There is no fear in love-dd- But perfect love drives out fear, because fear has to do with punishment-dd- The one who fears is not made perfect in love-dd- 1 John 4:18 . Peace I leave with you; my peace I give you-dd- I do not give to you as the world gives-dd- Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid-dd- John 14:27 . For God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind-dd- 2 Timothy 1:7 . Have I not commanded you-qq- Be strong and courageous-dd- Do not be afraid; do not be discouraged, for the lord your God will be with you wherever you go-dd- Joshua 1:9 . Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself-dd- Each day has enough trouble of its own-dd- Matthew 6:34 . Jesus told him, ‘Don’t be afraid; just believe’-dd- Mark 5:36 . An anxious heart weighs a man down, but a kind word cheers him up-dd- Proverbs 12:25 . Meet your fears with faith-dd- Max Lucado . Fear of things invisible is the natural seed of that which everyone in himself calleth religion-dd- Thomas Hobbes . All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . In the darkest of nights cling to the assurance that God loves you, that He always has advice for you, a path that you can tread and a solution to your problem–and you will experience that which you believe-dd- God never disappoints anyone who places his trust in Him-dd- Basilea Schlink . Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself-dd- And that no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dreams, because every second of the search is a second’s encounter with God and with eternity-dd- Paulo Coelho (The Alchemist) . There will always be someone willing to hurt you, put you down, gossip about you, belittle your accomplishments and judge your soul-dd- It is a fact that we all must face-dd- However, if you realize that God is a best friend that stands beside you when others cast stones you will never be afraid, never feel worthless and never feel alone-dd- Shannon Alder . The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God-dd- Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be and that God wishes to see people happy, amidst the simple beauty of nature-dd- Anne Frank . Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear-dd- Thomas Jefferson . I will not fear, for you are ever with me, and you will never leave me to face my perils alone-dd- Thomas Merton . The presence of hope in the invincible sovereignty of God drives out fear-dd- John Piper . You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Fear and suspicion won’t help us live together-dd- We have to cultivate warm-heartedness-dd- Dalai Lama . The first reaction to truth is hatred-dd- Tertullian . Hatred is blind, as well as love-dd- Oscar Wilde . The jealous are troublesome to others, but a torment to themselves-dd- William Penn . A man who is not afraid is not aggressive, a man who has no sense of fear of any kind is really a free, a peaceful man-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . Once your mind is calm and full of love, there is no room for hatred or fear-dd- Others will trust you because of your open heart-dd- Dalai Lama . While many people consider sensory experience as the main source of happiness, really it is peace of mind-dd- What destroys peace of mind is anger, hatred, anxiety and fear-dd- Kindness counters this — and through appropriate education we can learn to tackle such emotions-dd- Dalai Lama . Anger and hatred lead to fear; compassion and concern for others allow us to develop self-confidence, which breeds trust and friendship-dd- Dalai Lama . It is fear that is the great cause of misery in the world-dd- It is fear that is the greatest of all superstitions-dd- It is the fear that is the cause of our woes, and it is fearlessness that brings heaven in a moment-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Jealousy is the fear of comparison-dd- Max Frisch . Feelings like disappointment, embarrassment, irritation, resentment, anger, jealousy, and fear, instead of being bad news, are actually very clear moments that teach us where it is that we’re holding back-dd- They teach us to perk up and lean in when we feel we’d rather collapse and back away-dd- They’re like messengers that show us, with terrifying clarity, exactly where we’re stuck-dd- This very moment is the perfect teacher, and, lucky for us, it’s with us wherever we are-dd- Pema Chödrön . Our real enemy is not man; it’s not another human being-dd- Our real enemy is our ignorance, discrimination, fear, craving, and violence-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Hate is a disease-dd- It is fear’s messenger and it makes us do terrible things in a shadow of our better selves, of what we could be-dd- Colin Farrell . Fear of something is at the root of hate for others, and hate within will eventually destroy the hater-dd- George Washington Carver . Hate is not the first enemy of love-dd- Fear is-dd- It destroys your ability to trust-dd- Unknown . If you hate a person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself-dd- What isn’t part of ourselves doesn’t disturb us-dd- Hermann Hesse . Jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius-dd- Fulton J-dd- Sheen . To be furious, is to be frighted out of fear-dd- William Shakespeare . Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace-dd- Where there is hatred, let me sow love-dd- Francis of Assisi . When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears-dd- Tony Robbins . We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Gratitude looks to the Past and love to the Present; fear, avarice, lust, and ambition look ahead-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . I believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Fear and suspicion won’t help us live together-dd- We have to cultivate warm-heartedness-dd- Dalai Lama . On a mental level kindness and compassion give rise to lasting joy-dd- They reduce fear-dd- Dalai Lama . There are two basic motivating forces: fear and love-dd- When we are afraid, we pull back from life-dd- When we are in love, we open to all that life has to offer with passion, excitement, and acceptance-dd- We need to learn to love ourselves first, in all our glory and our imperfections-dd- If we cannot love ourselves, we cannot fully open to our ability to love others or our potential to create-dd- Evolution and all hopes for a better world rest in the fearlessness and open-hearted vision of people who embrace life-dd- John Lennon . Gratitude eliminates fear, worry, grief, and depression, and brings happiness, kindness, compassion, understanding, and peace of mind-dd- Rhonda Byrne (The Secret) . It’s easy to take off your clothes and have sex-dd- People do it all the time-dd- But opening up your soul to someone, letting then into your spirit, thoughts, fears, future, hopes, dreams… that is being naked-dd- Rob Bell . Our interactions with one another reflect a dance between love and fear-dd- Ram Dass . Watch how your mind judges-dd- Judgment comes, in part, out of your own fear-dd- You judge other people because you’re not comfortable in your own being-dd- By judging, you find out where you stand in relation to other people-dd- Ram Dass . Many of us have fear-dd- Fear of loving too much, and the fear and the pain of loving when you know there will be loss – and then when there is loss, there is of course deep grief-dd- Ram Dass . Love is our true nature, but as we have seen, it is covered over by a protective layer of fear-dd- Jack Kornfield . We want to be free-dd- Deep down we know this is true-dd- We want to be released from fear and worry, not confined by judgments-dd- We want to allow ourselves to trust, love, express ourselves, and be happy-dd- Jack Kornfield . Love is the only power great enough to overcome greed and anger, violence and fear-dd- Jack Kornfield . Of course I’ll hurt you-dd- Of course you’ll hurt me-dd- Of course we will hurt each other-dd- But this is the very condition of existence-dd- To become spring, means accepting the risk of winter-dd- To become presence, means accepting the risk of absence-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupéry . Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear-dd- Albert Camus . Better to have others depend on you out of fear of the consequences of losing you than out of love of your company-dd- Robert Greene . Fear you can control; love, never-dd- Depending on an emotion as subtle and changeable as love or friendship will only make you insecure-dd- Robert Greene . Compassion reduces our fear, boosts our confidence, and opens us to inner strength-dd- Dalai Lama . Love is everything it’s cracked up to be… it really is worth fighting for, being brave for, risking everything for-dd- And the trouble is, if you don’t risk anything, your risk is even greater-dd- Erica Jong . Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner-dd- Lao Tzu . The fear of rejection prevents connection, and the only way to get rid of fear is to do the thing you fear the most-dd- Rich Warren . Inside us there lie a mountain of fear and a deep river of grief-dd- But there is also the compassionate eye witnessing your inner landscape-dd- Haemin Sunim . Human beings are funny-dd- They long to be with the person they love but refuse to admit openly-dd- Some are afraid to show even the slightest sign of affection because of fear-dd- Fear that their feelings may not be recognized, or even worst, returned-dd- Sigmund Freud . Hate is not the first enemy of love-dd- Fear is-dd- It destroys your ability to trust-dd- Unknown . Maybe there’s something you’re afraid to say, or someone you’re afraid to love, or somewhere you’re afraid to go-dd- It’s gonna hurt-dd- It’s gonna hurt because it matters-dd- John Green . The chains of love are stronger than the chains of fear-dd- William Gurnall . If fear is the great enemy of intimacy, love is its true friend-dd- Henri Nouwen . Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate-dd- Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure-dd- It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us-dd- We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, and fabulous-qq- Actually, who are you not to be-qq- You are a child of God-dd- Your playing small does not serve the world-dd- There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people will not feel insecure around you-dd- We are all meant to shine, as children do-dd- We were born to make manifest the glory of God that is within us-dd- It is not just in some of us; it is in everyone and as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give others permission to do the same-dd- As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others-dd- Marianne Williamson . 