Sit with the pain until it passes, and you will be calmer for the next one-dd- Naval Ravikant . Without pain, without sacrifice, we would have nothing-dd- Fight Club . Let go of the past-dd- Robert Greene . Adversity is the first path to truth-dd- Lord Byron . Great things never came from comfort zones-dd- Neil Strauss . Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it-dd- Helen Keller . It is always by way of pain one arrives at pleasure-dd- Marquis de Sade . True self-discovery begins where your comfort zone ends-dd- Adam Braun . One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: that word is love-dd- Sophocles . Be patient and tough; someday this pain will be useful to you-dd- Ovid . The root of all suffering is attachment-dd- Buddha . Turn your wounds into wisdom-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Change happens when the pain of staying the same is greater than the pain of change-dd- Tony Robbins . Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars-dd- Kahlil Gibran . People go through so much pain trying to avoid pain-dd- Neil Strauss . Life begins at the end of your comfort zone-dd- Neale Donald Walsch . Too many people believe that everything must be pleasurable in life, which makes them constantly search for distractions and short-circuits the learning process-dd- Robert Greene . Most of the gains in life come from suffering in the short term, so you can get paid in the long term-dd- Naval Ravikant . Pain makes me grow-dd- Growing is what I want-dd- Therefore, for me pain is pleasure-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings-dd- Lao Tzu . You never know how strong you are until being strong is your only choice-dd- Bob Marley . It is when I struggle that I strengthen-dd- It is when challenged to my core that I learn the depth of who I am-dd- Steve Maraboli . God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our conscience, but shouts in our pains: it is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Humility, after the first shock, is a cheerful virtue-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Every pain is a gift-dd- Every pain is an opportunity-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Be master of your petty annoyances and conserve your energies for the big, worthwhile things-dd- It isn’t the mountain ahead that wears you out – it’s the grain of sand in your shoe-dd- Robert Service . The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection-dd- Thomas Paine . The pain will leave once it has finished teaching you-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . I’ve learned more from pain than I could’ve ever learned from pleasure-dd- Unknown . If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Remember anything you want that’s valuable requires you to break through short-term pain in order to gain long-term pleasure-dd- Tony Robbins . Failure gave me strength-dd- Pain was my motivation-dd- Michael Jordan . Pain nourishes courage-dd- You can’t be brave if you’ve only had wonderful things happen to you-dd- Mary Tyler Moore . You must go through that short-term pain to reach long-term gains-dd- A meaningful life is about growth, not comfort-dd- Maxime Lagacé . We do survive every moment, after all, except the last one-dd- John Updike . The aim of the wise is not to secure pleasure but to avoid pain-dd- Aristotle . We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey-dd- Kenji Miyazawa . You may have had unfair things happen to you, but the depth of your pain is an indication of the height of your future-dd- Joel Osteen (This is one of my favorite pain quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . There is no education like adversity-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Behind every beautiful thing, there’s been some kind of pain-dd- Bob Dylan . Pain is inevitable, suffering is optional-dd- Buddha . If you’re going through hell, keep going-dd- Winston Churchill . Nobody can hurt me without my permission-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . We must all suffer from one of two pains: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret-dd- The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons-dd- Jim Rohn . Laugher is the tonic, the relief, the surcease for pain-dd- Charlie Chaplin . The only thing that’s the end of the world is the end of the world-dd- Barack Obama . It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience-dd- Julius Caesar . Don’t cry because it’s over, smile because it happened-dd- Ludwig Jacobowski . Nothing pains some people more than having to think-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, for wise men say it is the wisest course-dd- William Shakespeare . There is a saying in Tibetan, ‘Tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength’-dd- No matter what sort of difficulties, how painful experience is, if we lose our hope, that’s our real disaster-dd- Dalai Lama . One thing you can’t hide – is when you’re crippled inside-dd- John Lennon . Life is pain, so live it up while you can-dd- Ernest Hemingway . There are no gains without pains-dd- Benjamin Franklin . If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Smile, though your heart is aching-dd- Smile, even though it’s breaking-dd- When there are clouds in the sky, you’ll get by if you smile through your pain and sorrow-dd- Smile and maybe tomorrow, you’ll see the sun come shining through for you-dd- Charlie Chaplin . It is only through labor and painful effort, by grim energy and resolute courage, that we move on to better things-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you-dd- Maya Angelou . My pain may be the reason for somebody’s laugh-dd- But my laugh must never be the reason for somebody’s pain-dd- Charlie Chaplin . One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain-dd- Bob Marley . Better bread with water than cake with trouble-dd- Russian proverb . Smooth seas do not make skillful sailors-dd- African proverb . The art of life is the art of avoiding pain-dd- Thomas Jefferson . It hurts because it matters-dd- John Green . That’s the thing about pain, it demands to be felt-dd- John Green . Our strength grows out of our weaknesses-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . We can ignore even pleasure-dd- But pain insists upon being attended to-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Much of your pain is self-chosen-dd- Kahlil Gibran . I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders-dd- Jewish proverb . The pain I feel now is the happiness I had before-dd- That’s the deal-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Embrace the feeling-dd- Start the healing-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Pain is a great motivator-dd- Naval Ravikant . It’s better to feel pain than nothing at all-dd- Unknown . Pain is real-dd- But so is hope-dd- Unknown . Two barrels of tears will not heal a bruise-dd- Chinese proverb . The cost of failure is…learning-dd- Neil Strauss . Strange how we decorate pain-dd- Margaret Atwood . What hurts us is what heals us-dd- Paulo Coelho . Fear is pain arising from the anticipation of evil-dd- Aristotle . To hurt is as human as to breathe-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . Life is pain and the enjoyment of love is an anesthetic-dd- Cesare Pavese . The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again-dd- Charles Dickens . Face your life, its pain, its pleasure, leave no path untaken-dd- Neil Gaiman . Move toward resistance and pain-dd- Robert Greene . I can bear any pain as long as it has meaning-dd- Haruki Murakami (1Q84) . It is when we hurt that we learn-dd- Steve Maraboli . Don’t let pain define you, let it refine you-dd- Tim Fargo . Passion is the bridge that takes you from pain to change-dd- Frida Kahlo . True discovery happens when you embrace the obstacle, the difficulty-dd- Truth is for the patient, the enduring-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Stay focused on your purpose, not your pain-dd- Ranal Currie . And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom-dd- Anais Nin . Frustration, although quite painful at times, is a very positive and essential part of success-dd- Bo Bennett . Bad things do happen; how I respond to them defines my character and the quality of my life-dd- I can choose to sit in perpetual sadness, immobilized by the gravity of my loss, or I can choose to rise from the pain and treasure the most precious gift I have – life itself-dd- Walter Anderson . First, having the larger goal will lift your mind out of the moment and help you endure the hard work and drudgery-dd- Second, as you become better at this task or craft, it becomes increasingly pleasurable-dd- Robert Greene . You think your pain and your heartbreak are unprecedented in the history of the world, but then you read-dd- It was books that taught me that the things that tormented me most were the very things that connected me with all the people who were alive, who had ever been alive-dd- James Baldwin . No matter how far life pushes you down, no matter how much you hurt, you can always bounce back-dd- Unknown . Growth in painful-dd- Change is painful-dd- But nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don’t belong-dd- Unknown . Often it’s the deepest pain which empowers you to grow into your highest self-dd- Unknown . Stop saying “I wish” and start saying “I will”-dd- Unknown . Every flower must grow through dirt-dd- Unknown . The more you’re hurt, the more you’ll change-dd- Unknown . Problems are the price you pay for progress-dd- Branch Rickey . After the rain, the sun will reappear-dd- There is life-dd- After the pain, the joy will still be here-dd- Walt Disney . Be soft-dd- Do not let the world make you hard-dd- Do not let pain make you hate-dd- Do not let the bitterness steal your sweetness-dd- Take pride that even though the rest of the world may disagree, you still believe it to be a beautiful place-dd- Iain Thomas . It’s so hard to forget pain, but it’s even harder to remember sweetness-dd- We have no scar to show for happiness-dd- We learn so little from peace-dd- Chuck Palahniuk . Sacrifice today for tomorrows betterment, you are willing to pay those payments with pain, because pain is just a message when you are fixing something that’s insufficient in your life-dd- Greg Plitt . I don’t believe there is pleasure in life-dd- I believe there is only relief of pain… We have to suffer to be on top-dd- Georges St-Pierre . Don’t get lost in your pain, know that one day your pain will become your cure-dd- Rumi . Some days, we’re just looking for a soft place to land-dd- Dr-dd- SunWolf . You can’t run away from trouble-dd- There ain’t no place that far-dd- Uncle Remus . Bad is never good until worse happens-dd- Danish proverb . You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you-dd- Walt Disney . It’s not easy taking my problems one at a time when they refuse to get in line-dd- Ashleigh Brilliant . Do not free a camel of the burden of his hump; you may be freeing him from being a camel-dd- Gilbert Keith Chesterton . Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor-dd- Truman Capote . There’s nothing that cleanses your soul like getting the hell kicked out of you-dd- Woody Hayes . Life is pain, highness-dd- Anyone who says differently is selling something-dd- William Goldman . I fell off my pink cloud with a thud-dd- Elizabeth Taylor . The cure for pain is in the pain-dd- Rumi . Forget about winning and losing, forget about pride and pain-dd- Bruce Lee . We don’t even ask happiness, just a little less pain-dd- Charles Bukowski . What matters most is how well you walk through the fire-dd- Charles Bukowski . You have to die a few times before you can really live-dd- Charles Bukowski . Nothing prevents happiness like the memory of happiness-dd- Andre Gide . The real problem is not why some pious, humble, believing people suffer, but why some do not-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Along with pain comes satisfaction and with satisfaction comes relief-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Are you facing or avoiding your pain-qq- Are you caring for your emotions or are you making yourself busy-qq- Learn to wait and embrace your suffering-dd- Fleeing it will simply bring more confusion-dd- Facing it will bring clarity-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The tragedy of life is in what dies inside a man while he lives – the death of genuine feeling, the death of inspired response, the awareness that makes it possible to feel the pain or the glory of other men in yourself-dd- Norman Cousins . The prettiest smile hides the deepest secrets-dd- The prettiest eyes have cried the most tears-dd- And the kindest hearts have felt the most pain-dd- Unknown . When the clouds get too heavy, it rains-dd- When your pain gets too bad, you cry-dd- Unknown . There is no greater sorrow than to recall happiness in times of misery-dd- Dante Alighieri . He who makes a beast out of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Pain is meant to wake us up-dd- People try to hide their pain-dd- But they’re wrong-dd- Pain is something to carry, like a radio-dd- You feel your strength in the experience of pain-dd- It’s all in how you carry it-dd- That’s what matters-dd- Pain is a feeling-dd- Your feelings are a part of you-dd- Your own reality-dd- If you feel ashamed of them, and hide them, you’re letting society destroy your reality-dd- You should stand up for your right to feel your pain-dd- Jim Morrison . I think that humans have a huge capacity to carry pain and sadness-dd- There are things that haunt us our entire lives; we are unable to let them go-dd- The good times seem almost effervescent and dreamlike in comparison with the times that didn’t go so well-dd- Henry Rollins . Sooner or later, you will need to make friends with disappointment-dd- Dr-dd- SunWolf . I have absolutely no pleasure in the stimulants in which I sometimes so madly indulge-dd- It has not been in the pursuit of pleasure that I have periled life and reputation and reason-dd- It has been the desperate attempt to escape from torturing memories, from a sense of insupportable loneliness and a dread of some strange impending doom-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . Some old wounds never truly heal, and bleed again at the slightest word-dd- George R-dd-R (Game of Thrones) . God brings men into deep waters, not to drown them, but to cleanse them-dd- John Aughey . Some of God’s greatest gifts are unanswered prayers-dd- Garth Brooks . Life swings like a pendulum backward and forward between pain and boredom-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Neurosis is the natural by-product of pain avoidance-dd- Carl Jung . Life didn’t promise to be wonderful-dd- Teddy Pendergrass . Wisdom is nothing more than healed pain-dd- Robert Gary Lee . If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace-dd- Thomas Paine . If experience is the mother of wisdom, pain is the father-dd- Thibaut . We can learn and change in a state of pain and suffering, or we can evolve in a state of joy and inspiration-dd- Joe Dispenza . When I planted my pain in the field of patience it bore fruit of happiness-dd- Kahlil Gibran . We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more from imagination than from reality-dd- Lucius Annaeus Seneca . Following a path is easy-dd- Creating a new one is tough but it will lead you to new places-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Sometimes you must hurt in order to know, fall in order to grow, lose in order to gain, because life’s greatest lessons are learnt through pain-dd- Nagato . Handling our suffering is an art-dd- If we know how to suffer, we suffer much less, and we’re no longer afraid of being overwhelmed by the suffering inside-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Acceptance doesn’t mean resignation; it means understanding that something is what it is and that there’s got to be a way through it-dd- Michael J-dd- Fox . When it hurts – observe-dd- Life is trying to teach you something-dd- Anita Krizzan . Trying to build a life where you never experience bad feelings is like building a ship that can’t handle a storm-dd- Neil Strauss . Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn’t do than by the ones you did do-dd- So throw off the bowlines-dd- Sail away from the safe harbor-dd- Catch the trade winds in your sails-dd- Explore-dd- Dream-dd- Discover-dd- Sarah Frances Brown . Try to exclude the possibility of suffering which the order of nature and the existence of free wills involve, and you find that you have excluded life itself-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . The pain that you create now is always some form of nonacceptance, some form of unconscious resistance to what is-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Prosperity is not without many fears and distastes, and adversity is not without comforts and hopes-dd- Francis Bacon . There is a thin line that separates laughter and pain, comedy and tragedy, humor and hurt-dd- Erma Bombeck . The pain you feel today will be the strength you feel tomorrow-dd- Unknown . Pain can change you, but that doesn’t mean it has to be a bad change-dd- Take that pain and turn it into wisdom-dd- Unknown . There are two types of pain in this world: pain that hurts you, and pain that changes you-dd- Unknown . Every negative situation contains the possibility for something positive, an opportunity-dd- It is how you look at it that matters-dd- Robert Greene . Be the silent watcher of your thoughts and behavior-dd- You are beneath the thinker-dd- You are the stillness beneath the mental noise-dd- You are the love and joy beneath the pain-dd- Eckhart Tolle . There is no coming to consciousness without pain-dd- People will do anything, no matter how absurd, in order to avoid facing their own Soul-dd- One does not become enlightened by imagining figures of light, but by making the darkness conscious-dd- Carl Jung . Where the wound has been given, there must the cure be found, if anywhere-dd- Jane Austen . We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain-dd- Alan Watts . Love is the sweetest pain inside-dd- Tarkan . Love is so short, forgetting is so long-dd- Pablo Neruda . The marks humans leave are too often scars-dd- John Green (The Fault in Our Stars) . Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . I still own my heart, which I know because it hurts so much-dd- Emilie Autumn . The worst part is feeling you lost a part of yourself, forever-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Pain makes you stronger-dd- Fear makes you braver-dd- Heartbreak makes you wiser-dd- Drake . Have you ever been hurt and the place tries to heal a bit, and you just pull the scar off of it over and over again-dd- Rosa Parks . If pain must come, may it come quickly-dd- Because I have a life to live, and I need to live it in the best way possible-dd- If he has to make a choice, may he make it now-dd- Then I will either wait for him or forget him-dd- Paulo Coelho . The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too-dd- Ernest Hemingway . If you love deeply, you’re going to get hurt badly-dd- But it’s still worth it-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Through love all that is bitter will be sweet-dd- Through love all that is copper will be gold-dd- Through love all dregs will become wine-dd- Through love all pain will turn to medicine-dd- Rumi . There’s no love without pain-dd- Irving Stone . I felt so much, that I started to feel nothing-dd- Unknown . Sometimes your heart needs more time to accept what your mind already knows-dd- Unknown . Among my stillness was a pounding heart-dd- Shannon A-dd- Thompson . Where there is love, there is vulnerability to pain-dd- Laura Ramirez . The surest way to hurt yourself is to give up on love, just because it didn’t work out the first time-dd- Amanda Howells . Thinking of you is a poison I drink often-dd- Atticus . If you spend your time hoping someone will suffer the consequences for what they did to your heart, then you’re allowing them to hurt you a second time in your mind-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Loving you was like going to war; I never came back the same-dd- Warsan Shire . They say that time heals a broken heart, but time has stood still since we’ve been apart-dd- Don Gibson . Part 1-dd- I think you still love me, but we can’t escape the fact that I’m not enough for you-dd- I knew this was going to happen-dd- Haruki Murakami . Part 2-dd- So I’m not blaming you for falling in love with another woman-dd- I’m not angry, either-dd- I should be, but I’m not-dd- Haruki Murakami . Part 3-dd- I just feel pain-dd- A lot of pain-dd- I thought I could imagine how much this would hurt, but I was wrong-dd- Haruki Murakami . I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love-dd- Mother Teresa . Maybe part of loving is learning to let go-dd- The Wonder Years . What is the opposite of two-qq- A lonely me, a lonely you-dd- Richard Wilbur . I am hopelessly in love with a memory-dd- An echo from another time, another place-dd- Michael Faudet . Long after I have given up, my heart still searches for you without my permission-dd- Rudy Francisco . The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears-dd- John Vance Cheney . God is closest to those with broken hearts-dd- Jewish saying . Sadness flies away on the wings of time-dd- Jean de La Fontaine . The gem cannot be polished without friction nor man without trials-dd- Confucius . Great success requires greater sacrifice-dd- Sachin Prabhu . Find a place inside where there’s joy, and the joy will burn out the pain-dd- Joseph Campbell . You have the hope that life is fair, but it’s not-dd- Expect it to be hard, unfair, sometimes ugly and sad-dd- The least you expect of it, the more bearable it will seem-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you aren’t in the moment, you are either looking forward to uncertainty, or back to pain and regret-dd- Jim Carrey . If you go deeper and deeper into your own heart, you’ll be living in a world with less fear, isolation and loneliness-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Take chances, make mistakes-dd- That’s how you grow-dd- Pain nourishes your courage-dd- You have to fail in order to practice being brave-dd- Mary Tyler Moore . We’re all going to die, all of us, what a circus-xx- That alone should make us love each other but it doesn’t-dd- We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities, we are eaten up by nothing-dd- Charles Bukowski . Are you ready to sacrifice who you are, for what you will become-dd- Eric Thomas . Pain is strange-dd- A cat killing a bird, a car accident, a fire… Pain arrives, BANG, and there it is, it sits on you-dd- It’s real-dd- And to anybody watching, you look foolish-dd- Like you’ve suddenly become an idiot-dd- There’s no cure for it unless you know somebody who understands how you feel, and knows how to help-dd- Charles Bukowski . I was a man who thrived on solitude; without it I was like another man without food or water-dd- Each day without solitude weakened me-dd- I took no pride in my solitude; but I was dependent on it-dd- The darkness of the room was like sunlight to me-dd- Charles Bukowski . When the pain overtakes you, reach inside-dd- Gather the broken pieces, and hand them to God-dd- Ask Him to remake your heart-dd- Different, this time-dd- Stronger-dd- More beautiful-dd- This is how we are made, and remade by the Maker-dd- Yasmin Mogahed . There are no mistakes in life, only lessons-dd- There is no such thing as a negative experience, only opportunities to grow, learn and advance along the road of self-mastery-dd- From struggle comes strength-dd- Even pain can be a wonderful teacher-dd- Robin S-dd- Sharma . It has been said, time heals all wounds-dd- I do not agree-dd- The wounds remain-dd- In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens-dd- But it is never gone-dd- Rose Kennedy . The two enemies of human happiness are pain and boredom-dd- Arthur Schopenhauer . Do not resist the pain-dd- Allow it to be there-dd- Surrender to the grief, despair, fear, loneliness, or whatever form the suffering takes-dd- Witness it without labeling it mentally-dd- Embrace it-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Without pain, there would be no suffering, without suffering we would never learn from our mistakes-dd- To make it right, pain and suffering is the key to all windows, without it, there is no way of life-dd- Angelina Jolie . Life will bring you pain all by itself-dd- Your responsibility is to create joy-dd- Milton Erickson . There is nothing that can take the pain away-dd- But eventually you will find a way to live with it-dd- There will be nightmares-dd- And every day when you wake up, it will be the first thing you think about-dd- Until one day, it will be the second thing-dd- Raymond Reddington (The Blacklist) . To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness-dd- Bertrand Russell . Pain is a pesky part of being human, I’ve learned it feels like a stab wound to the heart, something I wish we could all do without, in our lives here-dd- Pain is a sudden hurt that can’t be escaped-dd- But then I have also learned that because of pain, I can feel the beauty, tenderness, and freedom of healing-dd- Pain feels like a fast stab wound to the heart-dd- But then healing feels like the wind against your face when you are spreading your wings and flying through the air-xx- We may not have wings growing out of our backs, but healing is the closest thing that will give us that wind against our faces-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Eventually, the time that was not spent on learning skills will catch up with you, and the fall will be painful-dd- Robert Greene . Change is slow and gradual-dd- It requires hard work, a bit of luck, a fair amount of self-sacrifice, and a lot of patience-dd- Robert Greene . If you’re bored with life, if you don’t get up every morning with a burning desire to do things – you don’t have enough goals-dd- Lou Holtz . It is better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret-dd- Jackie Joyner-Kersee . The wings of transformation are born of patience and struggle-dd- Janet S-dd- Dickens . Your life does not get better by chance-dd- It gets better by change-dd- Jim Rohn . The pain of the mind is worse than the pain of the body-dd- Publilius Syrus . To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it-dd- Charlie Chaplin . The happiest have the shortest memory-dd- The more peaceful let go and let be-dd- The more you live in the past, the more you make your suffering last-dd- Maxime Lagacé (Learn to meditate, go walk in nature, practice a sport every day-dd- Make your health your #1 priority in life-dd-) . Mental pain is less dramatic than physical pain, but it is more common and also more hard to bear-dd- The frequent attempt to conceal mental pain increases the burden: it is easier to say “My tooth is aching” than to say “My heart is broken”-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . No man can think clearly when his fists are clenched-dd- George Jean Nathan . The difficulties of life are intended to make us better, not bitter-dd- Unknown . If we took emotional health as seriously as a society as we take learning arithmetic and reading, we would have a much smaller problem-dd- Neil Strauss . My fear delivered one of the great lessons of my life: That someone without fear can’t push himself-dd- He can’t get better-dd- He can’t transform negatives in to positives-dd- He can’t open his world to creativity and invention, or even progress-dd- Georges St-Pierre . The pain and boredom we experience in the initial stage of learning a skill toughens our minds-dd- Robert Greene . Your fears are a kind of prison that confines you within a limited range of action-dd- The less you fear, the more power you will have and the more fully you will live-dd- Robert Greene . A good portion of the things you want in life is outside your comfort zone-dd- Idowu Koyenikan . Most misunderstandings in the world could be avoided if people would simply take the time to ask, “What else could this mean-qq- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Sometimes it’s worse to win a fight than to lose-dd- Billie Holiday . Let me not pray to be sheltered from dangers, but to be fearless in facing them-dd- Let me not beg for the stilling of my pain, but for the heart to conquer it-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears-dd- Les Brown . The art of living lies less in eliminating our troubles than in growing with them-dd- Bernard M-dd- Baruch . Everybody ought to do at least two things each day that he hates to do, just for practice-dd- William James . Every problem has in it the seeds of its own solution-dd- If you don’t have any problems, you don’t get any seeds-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . There are some defeats more triumphant than victories-dd- Michel de Montaigne . God uses suffering as a whetstone, to make men sharp with-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Even our misfortunes are a part of our belongings-dd- Antoine de Saint-Exupery . We only part to meet again-dd- John Gay . These pains you feel are messengers-dd- Listen to them-dd- Rumi . No words can explain the way I’m missing you-dd- Sam Smith . One of my biggest challenge in life was losing someone close to me-dd- One of my biggest learning experience was losing someone close to me-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Birds sing after a storm; why shouldn’t people feel as free to delight in whatever remains to them-qq- Rose F-dd- Kennedy . People fear death even more than pain-dd- It’s strange that they fear death-dd- Life hurts a lot more than death-dd- At the point of death, the pain is over-dd- Yeah, I guess it is a friend-dd- Jim Morrison . Let go-dd- Why do you cling to pain-qq- There is nothing you can do about the wrongs of yesterday-dd- It is not yours to judge-dd- Why hold on to the very thing which keeps you from hope and love-qq- Leo Buscaglia . Grief can be the garden of compassion-dd- If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life’s search for love and wisdom-dd- Rumi . Waste no tears over the grieves of yesterday-dd- Euripides . The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected-dd- Nicholas Sparks . But who can remember pain, once it’s over-qq- All that remains of it is a shadow, not in the mind even, in the flesh-dd- Pain marks you, but too deep to see-dd- Out of sight, out of mind-dd- Margaret Atwood . You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it-dd- J-dd-K-dd- Rowling . The spiritual path is not strewn with roses-dd- Haridas Chaudhuri . Sorrow is the mere rust of the soul-dd- Activity will cleanse and brighten it-dd- Samuel Johnson . The worst part of holding the memories is not the pain-dd- It’s the loneliness of it-dd- Memories need to be shared-dd- Lois Lowry . We carry our burden on and on, until one day, suddenly, we laugh and set it down upon the ground-dd- Muriel Strode . We shall draw from the heart of suffering itself the means of inspiration and survival-dd- Winston Churchill . I cursed my misfortune, — and it remained one-dd- Muriel Strode . To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . In the depth of winter, I learned that within me lay an invincible summer-dd- Albert Camus . Chronic pain or other challenges are invitations; gifts that challenge us to learn how to manage the mind-dd- Cheryl Richardson . Chronic pain can be very lonely-dd- It can have a shame-based quality-dd- Jennifer Grey . Of pain you could wish only one thing: that it should stop-dd- Nothing in the world was so bad as physical pain-dd- In the face of pain there are no heroes-dd- George Orwell (1984) . You just do it-dd- You force yourself to get up-dd- You force yourself to put one foot before the other and you refuse to let it get to you-dd- You fight-dd- You cry-dd- Then you go about the business of living-dd- That’s how I’ve done it-dd- There’s no other way-dd- Elizabeth Taylor . If you can sit with your pain, listen to your pain and respect your pain, in time you will move through your pain-dd- Bryant McGill . Somewhere inside that hurting body, there is something better, something stronger, something real-dd- R-dd- M-dd- Drake . Don’t try to understand everything, because sometimes it isn’t meant to be understood, but to be accepted-dd- Unknown . You don’t know pain until you’re staring at yourself in the mirror with tears streaming down your face and you’re begging yourself to just hold on and be strong-dd- Unknown . The pain will not go away by getting angry or bitter-dd- It will go away when you learn to accept life’s challenges with grace and ease-dd- Leon Brown . Diseases can be our spiritual flat tires — disruptions in our lives that seem to be disasters at the time but end by redirecting our lives in a meaningful way-dd- Bernie S-dd- Siegel . Something very beautiful happens to people when their world falls apart-dd- A humility, a nobility, a higher intelligence emerges at just the point when our knees hit the floor-dd- Marianne Wilson . God gave us pain to remind us we are alive, so we will learn to value the joys and beauty of the world-dd- Tom Corr . You are so brave and quiet I forget you are suffering-dd- Ernest Hemingway . It is not what happens to us in life that defines us-dd- It is what we do with it that defines us-dd- Tom Seaman . Your comfort zone is your danger zone-dd- Greg Plitt . Pain is weakness leaving the body-dd- Chesty Puller . Easy choices, hard life-dd- Hard choices, easy life-dd- Jerzy Gregorek . Some people learn to lose-dd- Others lose and learn-dd- Georges St-Pierre . The clearer your vision, the less you’ll be affected by your short-term-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The experience of pain or loss can be a formidably motivating force-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . No pain-dd- No gain-dd- Shut up and train-dd- Unknown . Endure the pain-dd- Enjoy the gain-dd- Unknown . Have the guts to go beyond the pain-dd- Unknown . Sore-dd- The most satisfying pain-dd- Unknown . Don’t quit-dd- You’re already in pain-dd- You’re already hurt-dd- Get a reward from it-dd- Unknown . It never gets easier, you just get better-dd- Unknown . Train insane or remain the same-dd- Unknown . If you don’t find the time, if you don’t do the work, you don’t get the results-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . If you can go through the pain period, you make it to be a champion-dd- If you can’t go through it, forget it-dd- And that’s what most people lack: having the guts – the guts to go in and just say… “I don’t care what happens”-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . If you’re never able to tolerate a little bit of pain and discomfort, you’ll never get better-dd- Angela Duckworth . Pain is temporary-dd- It may last for a minute, or an hour or a day, or even a year-dd- But eventually, it will subside-dd- And something else take its place-dd- Eric Thomas . The last three or four reps is what makes the muscle grow-dd- This area of pain divides the champion from someone else who is not a champion-dd- That’s what most people lack, having the guts to go on and just say they’ll go through the pain no matter what happens-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . Discipline is rarely enjoyable, but almost always profitable-dd- Darrin Patrick . Success at anything will always come down to this: Focus and effort, and we control both-dd- Dwayne Johnson (The Rock) . It’s not who’s the best – it’s who can take the most pain-dd- Steve Prefontaine . A problem is a chance for you to do your best-dd- Duke Ellington . We acquire the strength we have overcome-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . At the end of pain is success-dd- Eric Thomas . The trick to healing from suffering, I think, is deciding that the pain was worth it-dd- Aella . The true greats will always overcome adversity-dd- Conor McGregor . Eccedentesiast (-dd-n)-dd- Someone who hides pain behind a smile-dd- . Discomfort is the positive sign you are trying new things-dd- By trying new things, you are growing-dd- By growing, you next pain will be diminished-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Without suffering and doubts, the mind will come to rest on cliches and stay there, until the spirit dies as well-dd- Robert Greene . Pain is the great teacher of mankind-dd- Beneath its breath souls develop-dd- Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach . Most people want to avoid pain, and discipline is usually painful-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Face your fears, endure its pain and they will be re-written in the form of pride and dreams-dd- Greg Plitt . Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding-dd- It is the bitter potion by which the physician within you heals your sick self-dd- Therefore, trust the physician and drink his remedy in silence and tranquility-dd- Kahlil Gibran . The things that we’re the most resistant to are usually what we need-dd- And the things we’re most scared to let go of are typically the ones we most need to relinquish-dd- Neil Strauss . The best way to neutralize our natural impatience is to cultivate a kind of pleasure in pain — like an athlete, you come to enjoy rigorous practice, pushing past your limits, and resisting the easy way out-dd- Robert Greene . Experiencing sadness and anger can make you feel more creative, and by being creative, you can get beyond your pain or negativity-dd- Yoko Ono . Smiling is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to hide every pain-dd- Unknown . Adversity introduces a man to himself-dd- Unknown . The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you-dd- If you do that, you’re in control of your life-dd- If you don’t, life controls you-dd- Tony Robbins . In order to rise from its own ashes, a Phoenix first must burn-dd- Octavia Butler . When pain is over, the remembrance of it often becomes a pleasure-dd- Jane Austen . Pain is sometimes the cost of a meaningful existence-dd- I can handle that-dd- Jeb Dickerson . If you ever think about giving up, remember why you held on for so long-dd- Hayley Williams . Our wounds are often the openings into the best and most beautiful part of us-dd- David Richo . Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents which, in prosperous circumstances, would have lain dormant-dd- Horace . Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul-qq- John Keats . The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply-dd- Denis Waitley . Change is hard at first, messy in the middle and gorgeous at the end-dd- Robin Sharma . He who has a why to live can bear almost any how-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . It doesn’t hurt to feel sad from time to time-dd- Willie Nelson . Use your enemy’s arrows for firewood-dd- Matshona Dhliwayo . Knowing what it feels to be in pain, is exactly why we try to be kind to others-dd- Jiraiya . Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you: you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for-dd- Bob Marley . Life is fragile and painful-dd- Life is relationships and attachments-dd- You can learn detachment but you can’t avoid relationships-dd- Learn to dance with that-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness-dd- They are a sign of a pure heart-dd- José N-dd- Harris . Hearts united in pain and sorrow will not be separated by joy and happiness-dd- Bonds that are woven in sadness are stronger than the ties of joy and pleasure-dd- Love that is washed by tears will remain eternally pure and faithful-dd- Kahlil Gibran . We find comfort among those who agree with us — growth among those who don’t-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . You don’t get to choose if you get hurt in this world-dd- But you do have some say in who hurts you-dd- John Green . Hurt me with the truth but never comfort me with a lie-dd- Unknown . I know pain in every way that’s why I never want to hurt anyone-dd- Unknown . My biggest mistake is thinking that people care for me as much as I do for them-dd- Unknown . Truth is like a surgery-dd- It hurts but cures-dd- Lie is like a pain killer-dd- It gives instant relief but has side effects forever-dd- Unknown . What marks the artist is his power to shape the material of pain we all have-dd- Lionel Trilling . Time heals griefs and quarrels, for we change and are no longer the same persons-dd- Neither the offender nor the offended are any more themselves-dd- Blaise Pascal . If I can see pain in your eyes then share with me your tears-dd- If I can see joy in your eyes then share with me your smile-dd- Santosh Kalwar . If you’re in a bad situation, don’t worry it’ll change-dd- If you’re in a good situation, don’t worry it’ll change-dd- John A-dd- Simone Sr . The Lord gives us friends to push us to our potential — and enemies to push us beyond it-dd- Robert Brault . I owe much to my friends; but, all things considered, it strikes me that I owe even more to my enemies-dd- The real person springs life under a sting even better than under a caress-dd- Andre Gide . The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Anger, resentment and jealousy doesn’t change the heart of others – it only changes yours-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Forget what hurt you in the past, but never forget what it taught you-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Live and allow others to live; hurt no one; life is dear to all living beings-dd- Mahavira . 