When you learn, teach-dd- When you get, give-dd- Maya Angelou . Making mistakes simply means you are learning faster-dd- Weston H-dd- Agor . Don’t make up your mind-dd- “Knowing” is the end of learning-dd- Naval Ravikant . If you learn from defeat, you haven’t really lost-dd- Zig Ziglar . Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere-dd- Chinese proverb . There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm-dd- Willa Cather . Once you learn patience, your options suddenly expand-dd- Robert Greene . Always walk through life as if you have something new to learn and you will-dd- Vernon Howard . Life is the art of drawing without an eraser-dd- John Gardner . Life is trying things to see if they work-dd- Ray Bradbury . The doer alone learneth-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . A man may learn wisdom even from a foe-dd- Aristophanes . Failure and deprivation are the best educators and purifiers-dd- Albert Einstein . Constantly look for challenges, pushing past your comfort zone-dd- Robert Greene . It is impossible to begin to learn that which one thinks one already knows-dd- Epictetus . There is no learning without pain-dd- Shane Parrish . Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all-dd- Aristotle . Wear your learning, like a watch, in a private pocket: and do not pull it out and strike it, merely to show that you have one-dd- Lord Chesterfield . Anyone who isn’t embarrassed of who they were last year probably isn’t learning enough-dd- Alain de Botton . Explain what you learned to someone else-dd- Teaching forces learning-dd- Naval Ravikant . I always get by best with my naivety, which is 20 percent deliberate-dd- Albert Einstein . You learn more feigning ignorance than signaling knowledgeability-dd- Michael . If you hide your ignorance, no one will hit you and you’ll never learn-dd- Ray Bradbury . Humility is the doorway to truth and clarity of objectives… it’s the doorway to learning-dd- Wynton Marsalis . The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn and relearn-dd- Alvin Toffler . Almost all Americans own a smartphone or a computer-dd- Each device contains the library of Alexandria-dd- The sum total of all world knowledge-dd- You can learn anything-dd- Why don’t you-qq- Too busy tracking social status-dd- Too enthralled by imagery your evolution can’t resist-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You learn, grow and form your character through struggle and restriction, not through ease and abundance-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Life is an open book test-dd- Learning how to learn is your most valuable skill in the online world-dd- Marc Cuban . Try to learn something about everything and everything about something-dd- Thomas Huxley . The ideal school would teach health, wealth, and happiness-dd- It‘d be free, self-paced, and available to all-dd- It‘d show opposing ideas and students would self-verify truth-dd- No grades, no tests, no diplomas – just learning-dd- Actually, you’re already here-dd- Careful who you follow-dd- Naval Ravikant . What we have to learn to do, we learn by doing-dd- Aristotle . One repays a teacher badly if one always remains nothing but a pupil-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Nothing is a waste of time if you use the experience wisely-dd- Auguste Rodin . You don’t understand anything until you learn it more than one way-dd- Marvin Minsky . I am learning all the time-dd- The tombstone will be my diploma-dd- Eartha Kitt . Everyone you will ever meet knows something you don’t-dd- Bill Nye (This is one of my favorite learning quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . I never lose-dd- I either win or learn-dd- Nelson Mandela . Learn the rules like a pro so you can break them like an artist-dd- Pablo Picasso . Liberty without learning is always in peril, and learning without liberty is always in vain-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education-dd- Albert Einstein . The more you learn, the more you earn-dd- Warren Buffett . The greatest learning for me usually happens in times of distress, pain, suffering-dd- Oprah Winfrey . In learning you will teach, and in teaching you will learn-dd- Phil Collins . Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty-dd- Anyone who keeps learning stays young-dd- The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young-dd- Henry Ford . If you think education is expensive, think of the price of ignorance-dd- Neil deGrasse Tyson . Persistent questioning and healthy inquisitiveness are the first requisite for acquiring learning of any kind-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . Education consists mainly in what we have unlearned-dd- Mark Twain . The first half of my life I went to school, the second half of my life I got an education-dd- Mark Twain . Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn’t learn a lot today, at least we learned a little, and if we didn’t learn a little, at least we didn’t get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn’t die; so, let us all be thankful-dd- Buddha . I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught-dd- Winston Churchill . Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Learn from the mistakes of others-dd- You can’t live long enough to make them all yourself-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it-dd- George Santayana . I suppose it is because nearly all children go to school nowadays and have things arranged for them that they seem so forlornly unable to produce their own ideas-dd- Agatha Christie . He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance; one cannot fly into flying-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing-dd- Voltaire . With every mistake we must surely be learning-dd- George Harrison (The Beatles) . The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you-dd- B-dd-B-dd- King . I do not think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday-dd- Abraham Lincoln . You don’t learn to walk by following rules-dd- You learn by doing, and by falling over-dd- Richard Branson . Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today-dd- Malcolm X . Bad times have a scientific value-dd- These are occasions a good learner would not miss-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The more that you read, the more things you will know-dd- The more that you learn, the more places you’ll go-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous-dd- Confucius . I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it-dd- Pablo Picasso . While I thought I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . Learning never exhausts the mind-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . I’m not afraid of storms, for I’m learning to sail my ship-dd- Louisa May Alcott . When one teaches, two learn-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Belief gets in the way of learning-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . “What did you learn” is always first and best question-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Never stop learning-dd- Never stop growing-dd- Mel Robbins . Take what you learn and make a difference with it-dd- Tony Robbins . Learn bits and pieces from everyone-dd- Naval Ravikant . You can’t learn from anyone if you never stop talking-dd- The Stoic Emperor . We learn to endure by enduring-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Rejoice in what you learn, and spray it-dd- Tim Minchin . The cost of failure is…learning-dd- Neil Strauss . Genius hesitates-dd- Neil Strauss . If it’s easy, you’re not learning-dd- . The key is to fail, learn, and improve quickly-dd- Ray Dalio . Evolve or die-dd- Ray Dalio . Failure is a teacher-dd- Ray Dalio . What we need to learn is in front of us-dd- Paulo Coelho . Forget the mistake-dd- Remember the lesson-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . To teach is to learn twice-dd- Joseph Joubert . I learn best by jumping into the unknown-dd- Jesse Itzler . Let your past make you better, not bitter-dd- Lewis Howes . To learn one must be humble-dd- James Joyce (Ulysses) . Life is the great teacher-dd- James Joyce . He who laughs most, learns best-dd- John Cleese . All learning has an emotional base-dd- Plato . The greatest enemy of learning is knowing-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . The goal of all learning is action, not knowledge-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . As long as you live, keep learning how to live-dd- Seneca . From adversity we can learn the value of patience-dd- Dalai Lama . Keep your head up-dd- Have patience-dd- Keep learning-dd- Neil Strauss . Invest time in yourself to have great experiences that are going to enrich you-dd- Steve Jobs . The pain and boredom we experience in the initial stage of learning a skill toughens our minds-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . Everything that happens to you is a form of instruction if you pay attention-dd- Robert Greene . Humans are learning machines-dd- You just need to create the context for our natural curiosity to arise-dd- James Clear . Losing is a learning experience-dd- It teaches you humility-dd- It teaches you to work harder-dd- It’s also a powerful motivator-dd- Yogi Berra . Become the best in the world at what you do-dd- Keep redefining what you do until this is true-dd- Naval Ravikant . The best teachers are on the Internet-dd- The best books are on the Internet-dd- The best peers are on the Internet-dd- Naval Ravikant . Our job is obvious: We need to get out of the way, shine a light, and empower a new generation to teach itself and to go further and faster than any generation ever has-dd- Seth Godin . Don’t burn your future on the altar of the past-dd- Remember it-dd- Don’t live in it-dd- Learn the lesson-dd- The past is fixed-dd- The future is variable-dd- You will transform-dd- You will endure-dd- The Stoic Emperor . No learning without humility-dd- No growth without pain-dd- No reward without risk-dd- No change without loss-dd- Embrace-dd- Endure-dd- The Stoic Emperor . And in my opinion (until I change it), life is best filled by learning as much as you can about as much as you can, taking pride in whatever you’re doing, having compassion, sharing ideas, running(-xx-), being enthusiastic-dd- Tim Minchin . If knowledge is a power, then learning is a superpower-dd- Jim Kwik . You can and inevitably will be surprised by your own ability-dd- It is often not a question of ‘can’ you do it-dd- The learning-dd- The work-dd- The achievement-dd- It is instead a question of ‘will’ you-dd- Avery Regelman . Learn from mistakes, but never regret you made them-dd- We make mistakes because we dare to step outside our comfort zone-dd- Paulo Coelho . Realize your potential-dd- Don’t go to your grave with your treasure still in you-dd- Keep growing-dd- Keep learning-dd- Joel Osteen . Learn to say ‘no’ to the good so you can say ‘yes’ to the best-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . I am responsible for learning whatever it takes to get from one level to the next-dd- Eric Thomas . That which we persist in doing becomes easier for us to do; not that the nature of the thing itself is changed, but that our power to do is increased-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road-dd- Learn from failure and keep moving forward-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . If you’re in the valley of despair with an idea that means the world to you, keep going, keep growing, keep learning-dd- Your time is coming-dd- Mel Robbins . You will fail your way to success-dd- Learn from your mistakes and keep moving-dd- Les Brown . Either I win or I learn, but I never lose-dd- Melinda Emerson . Keep learning-dd- Keep growing-dd- Keep improving-dd- Marie Forleo . If you hold a cat by the tail you learn things you cannot learn any other way-dd- Mark Twain . Lucy: “You learn more when you lose”-dd- Charlie Brown: “Well then I must be the smartest person in world”-dd- Charles M-dd- Schulz . Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . The best way to consume daily news is through a foreign language news outlet-dd- That way, at least you’ll learn something (the language)-dd- Michael . It’s not burn baby burn, but learn, baby, learn, so that you can earn, baby, earn-dd- Martin Luther King Jr . It’s like golf-dd- You can learn how in a day-dd- Then it will take the rest of your life to get good-dd- Casey Neistat . You can learn many things from children-dd- How much patience you have, for instance-dd- Franklin P-dd- Jones . A man who asks is a fool for five minutes-dd- A man who never asks is a fool for life-dd- Chinese proverb . Small minds have always lashed out at what they don’t understand-dd- Dan Brown . The trouble with learning from experience is that you never graduate-dd- Doug Larson . It is only when we forget all our learning that we begin to know-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Learning is discovering, uncovering what is there in us-dd- Bruce Lee . A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer-dd- Bruce Lee . You learn a lot from your mistakes when you stop denying them-dd- Mel Robbins . Learning is not child’s play; we cannot learn without pain-dd- Aristotle . Become who you are by learning who you are-dd- Pindar . A generation of autodidacts, educated by the Internet and leveraged by technology, will eventually starve the industrial-education system-dd- Naval Ravikant . If the primary purpose of school was education, the Internet should obsolete it-dd- But school is mainly about credentialing-dd- Naval Ravikant . If you can only learn from people that you 100% agree with on everything, it’s going to be a dark and lonely life-dd- Naval Ravikant . The tools for learning are abundant-dd- It’s the desire to learn that’s scarce-dd- Naval Ravikant . Eventually, the time that was not spent on learning skills will catch up with you, and the fall will be painful-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . Observe and absorb reality as deeply as possible-dd- Robert Greene . Learn to give before you take-dd- It softens the ground, takes the bite out of a future request, or simply creates a distraction-dd- Robert Greene . A little learning is a dangerous thing; Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring : There shallow droughts intoxicate the brain, and drinking largely sobers us again-dd- Alexander Pope . We could learn the lesson-dd- Or we could act out a drama-dd- Noise, shouting, blame-dd- Action-dd- Heart rates rising-dd- It feels like something is happening-dd- It feels like progress or change-dd- No progress-dd- No change-dd- We chose the drama over the lesson-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Learning how to live takes a whole life, and, which may surprise you more, it takes a whole life to learn how to die-dd- Seneca . Will you learn how to focus and move past boredom, or like a child you will succumb to the need for immediate pleasure and distraction-qq- Robert Greene . You must learn a new way to think before you can master a new way to be-dd- Marianne Williamson . We learn and grow and are transformed not so much by what we do but by why and how we do it-dd- Sharon Salzberg . Learning is an ornament in prosperity, a refuge in adversity, and a provision in old age-dd- Aristotle . The most useful piece of learning for the uses of life is to unlearn what is untrue-dd- Antisthenes . Taste is more important than knowledge-dd- Anyone can learn; only few can know-dd- Rich Cohen . No physician is really good before he has killed one or two patients-dd- Hindu proverb . Much learning does not teach understanding-dd- Heraclitus . I never learned from a man who agreed with me-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Learning is pleasurable but doing is the height of enjoyment-dd- Novalis . Learning is like rowing upstream: not to advance is to drop back-dd- Chinese proverb . It is no weakness for the wisest man to learn when he is wrong-dd- Sophocles . In youth we learn; in age we understand-dd- Marie Ebner-Eschenbach . If you wish to improve, be content to appear clueless or stupid in extraneous matters — don’t wish to seem knowledgeable-dd- And if some regard you as important, distrust yourself-dd- Epictetus . Learn to ask of all actions, “Why are they doing that-qq-” Starting with your own-dd- Marcus Aurelius . A scholar tries to learn something everyday; a student of Buddhism tries to unlearn something daily-dd- Alan Watts . Listen to nothing except your own experience, your own voice-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . Our initial impressions are based on prejudgments, and often contain an element of fear-dd- Robert Greene . Value learning above everything else-dd- This will lead you to all the right choices-dd- Robert Greene . Learn to control yourself, to restrain your natural tendency to take sides and join the fight-dd- Robert Greene . It isn’t the learning that’s so hard, but the unlearning-dd- Charlie Munger . Be crazy-dd- But learn how to be crazy without being the center of attention-dd- Be wise-dd- But learn that wisdom is sometimes the art of behaving like a fool-dd- Paulo Coelho . Pleasure is the state of being brought about by what you learn-dd- Learning is the process of entering into the experience of this kind of pleasure-dd- No pleasure, no learning-dd- No learning, no pleasure-dd- Wang Ken (Song of Joy) . The past is behind, learn from it-dd- The future is ahead, prepare for it-dd- The present is here, live it-dd- Thomas S-dd- Monson . Success is the enemy of learning-dd- It can deprive you of the time and the incentive to start over-dd- Beginner’s mind also needs beginner’s time-dd- Naval Ravikant . The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free-dd- Baruch Spinoza . Knowledge is learning something every day-dd- Wisdom is letting go of something every day-dd- Zen proverb . It takes a wise man to learn from his mistakes, but an even wiser man to learn from others-dd- Zen proverb . If one watches with wisdom, one can learn much-dd- But if one watches with ignorance, one can only find faults-dd- Ajahn Chah . Like a cup, you are full of your own opinions and speculations-dd- How can you learn wisdom unless you first empty your cup-qq- Nyogen Senzaki . Only people who die very young learn all they really need to know in kindergarten-dd- Wendy Kaminer . Intelligence is learning new ideas-dd- Wisdom is acting on them-dd- Robin Sharma . Learn to fail with pride – and do so fast and cleanly-dd- Maximize trial and error – by mastering the error part-dd- Nassim Taleb . A fool will learn nothing from a wise man, but a wise man will learn a lot from a fool-dd- Paulo Coelho . We learn 25% from our teacher, 25% from experience, 25% from our friends, and 25% from time-dd- Paulo Coelho . The smart can learn quickly-dd- The smart and wise can unlearn as quickly as they learn-dd- The Stoic Emperor . You can’t learn what you won’t admit you don’t know-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Reading is faster than listening-dd- Doing is faster than watching-dd- Naval Ravikant . The past is a place of learning, not a place of living-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Learn the lesson and move on-dd- Mel Robbins . We learn to be courageous by doing courageous things-dd- Thibaut . You can’t stop the waves, but you can learn how to surf-dd- Jon Kabat-Zinn . Some of the best lessons we ever learn we learn from our mistakes and failures-dd- The error of the past is the wisdom of the future-dd- Tryon Edwards . The ultimate end of education is happiness or a good human life, a life enriched by the possession of every kind of good, by the enjoyment of every type of satisfaction-dd- Mortimer Adler . Life is short, and your time for learning and creativity is limited-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . Your whole life is a kind of apprenticeship to which you apply your learning skills-dd- Robert Greene . Life isn’t about waiting for the storm to pass…It’s about learning to dance in the rain-dd- Vivian Greene . Sometimes the hardest thing to do is simply to learn how to trust and let go a little, releasing the old so that something new can come in or take place-dd- Lama Surya Das . If you are capable of living deeply one moment in your life, you can learn to live the same way all the other moments of your life-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . Learning how to navigate the turbulent times is part of learning how to navigate life-dd- Marianne Williamson . We learn not for school, but for life-dd- Seneca . Learning to ignore things is one of the great paths to inner peace-dd- Robert J-dd- Sawyer . Never become so much of an expert that you stop gaining expertise-dd- View life as a continuous learning experience-dd- Denis Waitley . I think somehow we learn who we really are and then live with that decision-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . One of the greatest journeys in life is overcoming insecurity and learning to truly not give a shit-dd- J-dd- A-dd- Konrath . Learn from your past, don’t live in it-dd- The past must be integrated, it cannot be wished away, but it also should not be allowed to devour the future-dd- Today is tomorrow’s past, don’t spend it reliving yesterday-dd- See the infinite flowering of now-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Nothing else matters much – not wealth, nor learning, nor even health – without this gift: the spiritual capacity to keep zest in living-dd- This is the creed of creeds, the final deposit and distillation of all important faiths: that you should be able to believe in life-dd- Harry Emerson Fosdick . Four things to learn in life: To think clearly without hurry or confusion; To love everybody sincerely; To act in everything with the highest motives; To trust God unhesitatingly-dd- Helen Keller . Try to learn to breathe deeply, really to taste food when you eat, and when you sleep, really to sleep-dd- Try as much as possible to be wholly alive with all your might, and when you laugh, laugh like hell-dd- And when you get angry, get good and angry-dd- Try to be alive-dd- You will be dead soon enough-dd- Ernest Hemingway . Learning does not occur in “steps”-dd- It occurs in whole pieces-dd- It does not occur in progressive increments-dd- It occurs in spontaneous bursts-dd- Kapil Gupta . The medicine for anti-aging is lifelong learning-dd- Robin Sharma . Is it possible to avoid pain-qq- Yes, but you’ll never learn anything-dd- Is it possible to know something without ever having experiencing it-qq- Yes, but it will never truly be part of you-dd- Paulo Coelho . Learn how to distinguish between a quick summer rain and a devastating hurricane-dd- Paulo Coelho . Learn to be happy in the good times and in the tough times-dd- That’s letting your light shine brightly-dd- Joel Osteen . Learning is a lifetime process, but there comes a time when we must stop adding and start updating-dd- Robert Brault . The key to pursuing excellence is to embrace an organic, long-term learning process, and not to live in a shell of static, safe mediocrity-dd- Usually, growth comes at the expense of previous comfort or safety-dd- Josh Waitzkin . In my experience, successful people shoot for the stars, put their hearts on the line in every battle, and ultimately discover that the lessons learned from the pursuit of excellence mean much more than the immediate trophies and glory-dd- Josh Waitzkin . Learning life’s lessons is not about making your life perfect, but about seeing life as it was meant to be-dd- Elisabeth Kubler-Ross . Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people-dd- Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them-dd- That is how they become strong-dd- Richard Needham . There is no end to education-dd- It is not that you read a book, pass an examination, and finish with education-dd- The whole of life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is a process of learning-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . We must learn how to fall before we can attempt to fly-dd- Jesse La Flair . There is no such thing as failure, just lessons to be learnt on the way-dd- Sadhguru . A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Love, too, has to be learned-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Love is what we are born with-dd- Fear is what we learn-dd- Marianne Williamson . Liz, you must be very polite with yourself when you are learning something new-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . We can’t learn “how” to love-dd- We can only experience love-dd- Paulo Coelho . Learn the lesson: Once the words are out, you cannot take them back-dd- Keep them under control-dd- Robert Greene . If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher-dd- Pema Chödrön . Learn to give without any reason-dd- Unknown . To love someone is to learn the song in their heart and sing it to them when they have forgotten-dd- Arne Garborg . Learn to control your reactions or you will be puppeteered by anyone capable of provoking you-dd- The Stoic Emperor . People who wrong you teach you a valuable lesson about your own vulnerabilities and false beliefs-dd- Learn the lesson-dd- The Stoic Emperor . If you’re judging, you’re not listening, you’re not learning, and you’re definitely not understanding-dd- Neil Strauss . Let people be who they are, and learn how to love them for who they are-dd- Lenny Kravitz . You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; and just so, you learn to love by loving-dd- All those who think to learn in any other way deceive themselves-dd- Saint Francis de Sales . There is always something left to love-dd- And if you ain’t learned that, you ain’t learned nothing-dd- Lorraine Hansberry . In the practice of tolerance, one’s enemy is the best teacher-dd- Dalai Lama . We can only learn to love by loving-dd- Iris Murdoch . Love is a better teacher than duty-dd- Albert Einstein . Staying relevant requires learning-dd- Marc Cuban . Learn to eat rejection for breakfast-dd- Marie Forleo . Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning-dd- Bill Gates . The life so short, the craft so long to learn-dd- Hippocrates . To double your income, triple your rate of learning-dd- Robin Sharma . Learn from your mistakes until you succeed-dd- It’s that simple-dd- Tim Ferriss . Devote yourself to learning something new about your field of mastery every day-dd- Robin Sharma . Your ability to learn faster than your competition is your only sustainable competitive advantage-dd- Arie de Gues . Learn to use the knowledge of the past and you will look like a genius, even when you are really just a clever borrower-dd- Robert Greene . Master the arts of indirection; learn to seduce, charm, deceive, and subtly outmaneuver your opponents—you will attain the heights of power-dd- Robert Greene . Learn to sell-dd- Learn to build-dd- If you can do both, you will be unstoppable-dd- Naval Ravikant . Don’t brand yourself-dd- You want to be the kind of person others brand while you keep learning, improving, and moving forward-dd- It’s hard to be true to yourself when you’ve tied yourself to an idea that, years ago, you thought was your best-dd- Neil Strauss . Learn why the world wags and what wags it-dd- Merlin (The Sword In The Stone) . Leaders are more powerful role models when they learn than when they teach-dd- Rosabeth Moss Kantor . No time is lost – it is a necessary part of the R&D phase for your work, career, life-dd- Neil Strauss . The most important thing to learn about your industry-dd- Is not how to improve or progress or acquire certifications-dd- It is to learn the thing that will set you miles apart-dd- That thing is to learn what your industry truly Is-dd- To learn its essence-dd- The secret game within the game-dd- Kapil Gupta . Learning is the product of a continuous real-time feedback loop in which we make decisions, see their outcomes, and improve our understanding of reality as a result-dd- Ray Dalio . Generalization: The only way to learn how to program is to write programs-dd- Paul Graham . All leaders are learners-dd- The moment you stop learning, you stop leading-dd- Rick Warren . When there is genuine vision (as opposed to the all-too-familiar ‘vision statement’), people excel, and learn, not because they are told to, but because they want to-dd- Peter Senge . As the rate of change in the world increases, your ability to learn becomes more important than what you already know-dd- Johnny . If a person will spend one hour a day on the same subject for five years, that person will be an expert on that subject-dd- Earl Nightingale . The secret of success in war is learning what lies on the other side of the hill-dd- Arthur Wellesley (1st Duke of Wellington) . Keep learning and keep improving by whatever means you find most enlightening-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Learning how to overcome objections and turn negatives into positives is a skill for every aspect of business-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more, and become more, you are a leader-dd- John Quincy Adams . The signs of outstanding leadership appear primarily among the followers-dd- Are they reaching their potential and learning-qq- Max DePree . The real art in learning takes place as we move beyond proficiency, when our work becomes an expression of our essence-dd- Josh Waitzkin . Mastery involves discovering the most resonant information and integrating it so deeply and fully it disappears and allows us to fly free-dd- Josh Waitzkin . Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Great leaders are curious-dd- They want to try new things, experience the world and learn from others-dd- Their curiosity fuels their intellect-dd- Simon Sinek . The value of learning is greater when we share what we learn-dd- Simon Sinek . If we stop going, we stop learning-dd- Seth Godin . Change is the end result of all true learning-dd- Leo Buscaglia . What did you learn from your last failure-qq- Mel Robbins . Don’t go through life, grow through life-dd- Eric Butterworth . Self-directed learners thrive in times of rapid change-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Failure can become our most powerful path to learning if we’re willing to choose courage over comfort-dd- Brené Brown . Growth comes at the point of resistance-dd- We learn by pushing ourselves and finding what really lies at the outer reaches of our abilities-dd- Josh Waitzkin . Defeat is a stern teacher, and your beaten opponent today may be wiser tomorrow-dd- Robert Greene . In a world of change, the learners shall inherit the earth, while the learned shall find themselves perfectly suited for a world that no longer exists-dd- Eric Hoffer . The best way to learn the skill is deliberate practice-dd- Naval Ravikant TODO link . Our sorrows provide us with the lesson we most need to learn-dd- Lama Surya Das . Moving slowly enables us to learn faster-dd- Paulo Coelho . Everyone makes mistakes-dd- The wise are not people who never make mistakes, but those who forgive themselves and learn from their mistakes-dd- Ajahn Brahm . Humility to learn-dd- Strength to endure-dd- Vision to transform-dd- Will to act-dd- Virtue to act rightly-dd- Wisdom to accept the inevitable-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Learning, empowering, studying, practicing, and not repeating the same mistakes will help you move forward, move up, and move on to where you want to be-dd- Loren Weisman . Fools learn from experience-dd- I prefer to learn from the experience of others-dd- Otto von Bismarck . I constantly see people rise in life who are not the smartest, sometimes not even the most diligent, but they are learning machines-dd- They go to bed every night a little wiser than they were when they got up and boy does that help, particularly when you have a long run ahead of you-dd- Charlie Munger . The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as long as we live-dd- Mortimer Adler . There are no secrets to success-dd- It is the result of preparation, hard work and learning from failure-dd- Colin Powell . Learning is the ability to adapt to changing environments-dd- With the world changing so fast, your learning must speed up-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . We find comfort among those who agree with us – growth among those who don’t-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . Radical open-mindedness and radical transparency are invaluable for rapid learning and effective change-dd- Ray Dalio . Everyone makes mistakes-dd- The main difference is that successful people learn from them and unsuccessful people don’t-dd- Ray Dalio . Not understanding is the beginning of learning-dd- Confusion is a reflection of growth-dd- Keep moving forward-dd- Robin Sharma . It is through the mistakes that the greatest learning happens on an inner level-dd- Eckhart Tolle . People learn from their failures-dd- Seldom do they learn anything from success-dd- Harold Geneen . When you stop learning, you stop growing-dd- Don’t be at the same place next year as you are right now-dd- Joel Osteen . Learning is defined as a change in behavior-dd- You haven’t learned a thing until you can take action & use it-dd- Shula and Blanchard . If we learn from our mistakes, why are we always so afraid to make a mistake-qq- Lewis Howes . The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing-dd- John Powell . No problem can withstand the assault of sustained thinking-dd- Voltaire . Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning-dd- William Arthur Ward . My desire for knowledge is intermittent; but my desire to bathe my head in atmospheres unknown to my feet is perennial and constant-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The creativity that you gain in learning a skill so deeply must be constantly refreshed-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . In truth, anomalies themselves contain the richest information-dd- They often reveal to us the flaws in our paradigms-dd- Robert Greene . Failure is more likely to trigger reflection than success-dd- Reflection, not experience, is the key to learning-dd- Shane Parrish . The key to getting better is learning from feedback-dd- The problem is that most of us stop looking for feedback when we get good enough-dd- Shane Parrish . We all are learning, modifying, or destroying ideas all the time-dd- Rapid destruction of your ideas when the time is right is one of the most valuable qualities you can acquire-dd- You must force yourself to consider arguments on the other side-dd- Charlie Munger . If you don’t learn to control your thoughts, you will never learn how to control you behavior-dd- Joyce Meyer . Never walk away from failure-dd- On the contrary, study it carefully and imaginatively for its hidden assets-dd- Michael Korda . True learning takes energy, passion and a burning desire-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . When learning is purposeful, creativity blossoms-dd- When creativity blossoms, thinking emanates-dd- When thinking emanates, knowledge is fully lit-dd- When knowledge is lit, economy flourishes-dd- A-dd-P-dd-J-dd- Abdul Kalam . Do you train for passing tests or do you train for creative inquiry-qq- Noam Chomsky . Man’s mind, stretched to a new idea, never goes back to its original dimensions-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr-dd- . Learning to write is learning to think-dd- You don’t know anything clearly unless you can state it in writing-dd- S-dd-I-dd- Hayakawa . Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence-dd- Abigail Adams . My instinct is always to seek out challenges as opposed to avoiding them-dd- Josh Waitzkin (The Art Of Learning) . When aiming for the top, your path requires an engaged, searching mind-dd- You have to make obstacles spur you to creative new angles in the learning process-dd- Let setbacks deepen your resolve-dd- You should always come off an injury or a loss better than when you went down-dd- Josh Waitzkin . If you’re smart, and question everything, you’ll eventually figure everything else out at a good enough level-dd- Naval Ravikant . By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest-dd- Confucius . Be curious about the world in which you live-dd- Look things up-dd- Chase down every reference-dd- Go deeper than anybody else – that’s how you’ll get ahead-dd- Austin Kleon . Failure is instructive-dd- The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes-dd- John Dewey . All the world is a laboratory to the inquiring mind-dd- Martin Fisher . Study the past if you would define the future-dd- Confucius . Genius without education is like silver in the mine-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Love of learning and ritual of study give you extreme power-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Knowledge is a weapon-dd- I intend to be formidably armed-dd- Terry Goodkind . Studying, and striving for truth and beauty in general, is a sphere in which we are allowed to be children throughout life-dd- Albert Einstein . The modern education system misses a central point about learning, that learning is driven by the genuine interest of the individual-dd- You cannot devise a uniform syllabus for all and expect that everyone will be equally interested in it-dd- Top down education is anti learning-dd- The Ancient Sage . Education is something that is done to you-dd- Learning is something you do for yourself-dd- Joi Ito . Education system was designed to produce factory workers-dd- Obsolete-dd- Young people are entering an age of increasing complexity and rapid change-dd- Capacity for continual self-directed learning is crucial-dd- Those that struggle with abstract thinking and complex tasks will suffer-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Education is education-dd- We should learn everything and then choose which path to follow-dd- Education is neither Eastern nor Western, it is human-dd- Malala Yousafzai . Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or self-confidence-dd- Robert Frost . When students cheat on exams it’s because our school system values grades more than students value learning-dd- Neil Degrasse Tyson . The value of an education in a liberal arts college is not the learning of many facts, but the training of the mind to think something that cannot be learned from textbooks-dd- Albert Einstein . Education does not happen on discrete intervals, it’s the sum of all information you digest-dd- To be educated, it’s just as important to cut low quality info as it is to increase high quality info-dd- Michael . Learning isn’t a passive activity-dd- True learning requires active participation-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . An educated person is one who has learned that information almost always turns out to be at best incomplete and very often false, misleading, fictitious, mendacious – just dead wrong-dd- Russell Baker . Education is learning what you didn’t even know you didn’t know-dd- Daniel J-dd- Boorstin . Education is what people do to you; learning is what you do to yourself-dd- Joi Ito . Education is the power to think clearly, the power to act well in the world’s work, and the power to appreciate life-dd- Brigham Young . The world is a university and everyone in it is a teacher-dd- Make sure when you wake up in the morning, you go to school-dd- T-dd- D-dd- Jakes . Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent and original manner possible-dd- Richard Feynmann . Learning requires what scientists call “desirable difficulty”-dd- The more active the learning process, the better your comprehension and recall-dd- Susan Cain . Real education must ultimately be limited to men who insist on knowing-dd- The rest is mere sheep herding-dd- Ezra Pound . The most necessary task of civilization is to teach people how to think-dd- It should be the primary purpose of our public schools-dd- The mind of a child is naturally active, it develops through exercise-dd- Give a child plenty of exercise, for body and brain-dd- The trouble with our way of educating is that it does not give elasticity to the mind-dd- It casts the brain into a mold-dd- It insists that the child must accept-dd- It does not encourage original thought or reasoning, and it lays more stress on memory than observation-dd- Thomas A-dd- Edison . Education is not confined to books, and the finest characters often graduate from no college, but make experience their master, and life their book-dd- Louisa May Alcott . Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is-dd- Isaac Asimov . Teaching is more a way for the teacher to learn than for the student to learn-dd- Naval Ravikant . We have the entire library of the modern age available on the Internet-dd- Naval Ravikant . Real learning comes about when the competitive spirit has ceased-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . It’s what you learn after you know it all that counts-dd- John Wooden . With one day’s reading a man may have the key in his hands-dd- Ezra Pound . I never learn anything talking-dd- I only learn things when I ask questions-dd- Lou Holtz . You yourself must learn to master your emotions, and never be influenced by anger-dd- Robert Greene . If you experiment a lot you will fail often but at the same time your odds of success will also increase-dd- Success and failure go hand in hand; they are not mutually exclusive-dd- Learn to look at success and failure as gradations on a continuum, not as binary opposites-dd- The Ancient Sage . A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing-dd- George Bernard Shaw . Failures can be seen as information or they can be seen as a threat to your sense of self-dd- Embracing the former definition will help you learn and improve-dd- Succumbing to the latter will make you timid and resentful-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Worthwhile things are hard to do-dd- You feel foolish and out of your depth when you start-dd- Many find that intolerable and retreat to their comfort zone-dd- Each master was able to endure being a beginner-dd- Some learn to love it-dd- They live on the bleeding edge of their capacities-dd- The Stoic Emperor . No thief, however skillful, can rob one of knowledge, and that is why knowledge is the best and safest treasure to acquire-dd- L-dd- Frank Baum . The world, even the smallest parts of it, is filled with things you don’t know-dd- Sherman Alexie . Learn as much as you can while you are young, since life becomes too busy later-dd- Dana Stewart Scott . The barrier during self-improvement is not so much that we hate learning, rather we hate being taught-dd- Criss Jami . To be taught often leaves a feeling of inferiority-dd- Thus it takes a bit of determination and a lot of humility in order for one to fully develop-dd- Criss Jami . I learned the value of hard work by working hard-dd- Margaret Mead . It’s not just learning that’s important-dd- It’s learning what to do with what you learn and learning why you learn things that matters-dd- Norton Juster . The books that help you most are those which make you think the most-dd- The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading; but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty-dd- Theodore Parker . The greatest way to learn is to listen to what others are saying-dd- Most of what we need to know comes from other people’s lips, and not our own-dd- Marianne Williamson . Don’t try to have it all figured out all the time-dd- Half of my journey has been learning to own up to my flaws and mistakes with a sense of humor and grace for myself-dd- Mel Robbins . We always get a re-set-dd- Learn, move forward-dd- We’re all imperfect and growing-xx- Brené Brown . You must learn to make the whole world your school-dd- Martin H-dd- Fischer . Any fool can know-dd- The point is to understand-dd- Albert Einstein . Learn to get comfortable with being uncomfortable-dd- Eric Thomas . Travel is still the most intense mode of learning-dd- Kevin Kelly (See also: travel quotes) . Those who can embrace being a beginner will thrive-dd- The Stoic Emperor . The future belongs to those who learn more skills and combine them in creative ways-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . In order to master a field, you must love the subject and feel a profound connection to it-dd- Robert Greene (Mastery) . Ego and learning are incompatible-dd- If you want to learn you must put your ego aside and adopt a beginner’s mindset, assuming that you know nothing-dd- The Ancient Sage . To get exponential returns, forget learning the latest thing-dd- Instead, focus on what lasts-dd- Shane Parrish . Making mistakes is something everyone does-dd- Learning from them is not-dd- Unknown . If you’re not willing to learn, no one can help you-dd- If you’re determined to learn, no one can stop you-dd- Zig Ziglar . Humility is the first step towards learning-dd- You can’t learn until you are humble enough to realize there is something for you to learn-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . If I want to be the best, I have to take risks others would avoid, always optimizing the learning potential of the moment and turning adversity to my advantage-dd- Josh Waitzkin . There will be nothing learned from any challenge in which we don’t try our hardest-dd- Josh Waitzkin (The Art Of Learning) . Shall I tell you a secret of a true scholar-qq- It is this: Every man I meet is my master in some point, and in that, I learn from him-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . A man, though wise, should never be ashamed of learning more, and must unbend his mind-dd- Sophocles . With too much pride a man cannot learn a thing-dd- In and of itself, learning teaches you how foolish you are-dd- Criss Jami . An exceedingly confident student would in theory make a terrible student-dd- Why would he take school seriously when he feels that he can outwit his teachers-qq- Criss Jami . Sit down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every preconceived notion, follow humbly wherever or whatever abysses nature leads, or you will learn nothing-dd- Thomas Huxley . Fail often-dd- Fail fast-dd- Clean it up-dd- Learn from it-dd- Move on-dd- Repeat-dd- Brené Brown . It’s what we think we know that keeps us from learning-dd- Claude Bernard . I am not a teacher, but an awakener-dd- Robert Frost . Kids are learning machines-dd- They just need the tools-dd- Naval Ravikant . Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel-dd- Socrates . Every student can learn, just not on the same day, or the same way-dd- George Evans . Kids don’t remember what you try to teach them-dd- They remember what you are-dd- Jim Henson . You can’t teach a child anything until they are ready to learn it-dd- The same is unfortunately true of adults-dd- Neil Strauss . Teaching is demonstrating that it is possible-dd- Learning is making it possible for yourself-dd- Paulo Coelho . There are only two tools available to the educator-dd- The easy one is fear-dd- Fear is easy to awake, easy to maintain, but ultimately toxic-dd- Other tool is passion-dd- Seth Godin . The authority of those who teach is often an obstacle to those who want to learn-dd- Marcus Tullius Cicero . If he is indeed wise he does not bid you enter the house of his wisdom, but rather leads you to the threshold of your own mind-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind-dd- Plato . A teacher who loves learning earns the right and the ability to help others learn-dd- Ruth Beechick . The best teachers are those who show you where to look, but don’t tell you what to see-dd- Alexandra K-dd-Trenfor . One of the main focuses of my training sessions is to help individuals find their unique voices in the learning process-dd- We all have our strengths, our weaknesses, our styles of learning, our personalities-dd- Developing introspective sensitivity to these issues is critical to long-term success-dd- Joshua Waitzkin . There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it-dd- Edith Wharton . A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning-dd- Brad Henry . You can teach a student a lesson for a day; but if you can teach him to learn by creating curiosity, he will continue the learning process as long as he lives-dd- Clay P-dd- Bedford . Tell me and I forget-dd- Teach me and I remember-dd- Involve me and I learn-dd- Benjamin Franklin . Ignorance is thinking you’re not a student anymore-dd- Neil Strauss . People never learn anything by being told, they have to find out for themselves-dd- Paulo Coelho . Spoon feeding in the long run teaches us nothing but the shape of the spoon-dd- E-dd-M-dd- Forster . Don’t limit a child to your own learning, for she was born in another time-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . One of the most damaging and widespread social beliefs is the idea that most adults are incapable of learning new skills-dd- Naval Ravikant . On whether it’s too late to go back to school-qq- Never, but first try learning on the Internet-dd- Naval Ravikant . Do you want to feel young again-qq- Learn something new-dd- Being a student makes your mind fresh and curious like a little kid again-dd- Haemin Sunim . If you let your learning lead to knowledge, you become a fool-dd- If you let your learning lead to action, you become wealthy-dd- Jim Rohn . No one is perfect, so don’t expect your child to be-dd- Criticizing, ridiculing, shaming, or nagging a child for their imperfections will harm their self-esteem-dd- And don’t over-react if they make mistakes and experience failure-dd- You did too-dd- It’s called learning-dd- Neil Strauss . Indeed – judicious, consistent parenting is a dream of mine-dd- No judgments, learning space and listening carefully are my goals-dd- Emma Thompson . A watched child never learns-dd- Robert Brault . One of the secrets to staying young is to always do things you don’t know how to do, to keep learning-dd- Ruth Reichl . There is no school equal to a decent home and no teacher equal to a virtuous parent-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The best education consists in immunizing people against systematic attempts at education-dd- Paul Karl Feyerabend . The man who is too old to learn was probably always too old to learn-dd- Henry S-dd- Haskins . The day you stop learning is the day you start dying-dd- Robert T-dd- Kiyosaki . Live, love, learn, leave a legacy-dd- Stephen R-dd- Covey . 