In every walk in with nature one receives far more than he seeks-dd- John Muir . By discovering nature, you discover yourself-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Going to the mountains is going home-dd- John Muir . Love the world as your own self; then you can truly care for all things-dd- Lao Tzu . Nature is pleased with simplicity-dd- And nature is no dummy-dd- Isaac Newton . We don’t inherit the earth from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children-dd- Native American proverb . The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness-dd- John Muir . Adopt the pace of nature-dd- Her secret is patience-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads-dd- Henry David Thoreau . I took a walk in the woods and came out taller than the trees-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Time spent amongst trees is never time wasted-dd- (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . I only went out for a walk and finally concluded to stay out till sundown, for going out, I found, was really going in-dd- John Muir . And into the forest I go to lose my mind and find my soul-dd- John Muir . It was for the best, so Nature had no choice but to do it-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Nature, time and patience are the three great physicians-dd- Chinese proverb . Choose only one master – nature-dd- Rembrandt . Leave the road, take the trails-dd- Pythagoras . The most beautiful gift of nature is that it gives one pleasure to look around and try to comprehend what we see-dd- Albert Einstein . I’d rather have roses on my table than diamonds on my neck-dd- Emma Goldman . Life sucks a lot less when you add mountain air, a campfire and some peace and quiet-dd- Brooke Hampton . Nature never hurries-dd- Atom by atom, little by little, she achieves her work-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home we’ve ever known-dd- Carl Sagan . Nature is just enough; but men and women must comprehend and accept her suggestions-dd- Antoinette Brown Blackwell . For most of history, man has had to fight nature to survive; in this century he is beginning to realize that, in order to survive, he must protect it-dd- Jacques-Yves Cousteau . Those who contemplate the beauty of the earth find reserves of strength that will endure as long as life lasts-dd- Rachel Carson . There is something infinitely healing in the repeated refrains of nature – the assurance that dawn comes after night, and spring after winter-dd- Rachel Carson . There is a way that nature speaks, that land speaks-dd- Most of the time we are simply not patient enough, quiet enough, to pay attention to the story-dd- Linda Hogan . I felt my lungs inflate with the onrush of scenery – air, mountains, trees, people-dd- I thought, “This is what it is to be happy”-dd- Sylvia Plath . There I feel that nothing can befall me-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . Normality is a paved road; it’s comfortable to walk, but no flowers grow-dd- Vincent van Gogh . The fairest thing in nature, a flower, still has its roots in earth and manure-dd- D-dd- H-dd- Lawrence . If we surrendered to earth’s intelligence we could rise up rooted, like trees-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . If people sat outside and looked at the stars each night, I’ll bet they would live a lot differently-dd- Unknown . And then, I have nature and art and poetry, and if that is not enough, what is enough-qq- Vincent van Gogh . Man’s heart away from nature becomes hard-dd- Standing Bear (This is one of my favorite nature quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Nature is an endless combination and repetition of a very few laws-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Nature is the art of God-dd- Dante Alghieri . Nature is indifferent to our love, but never unfaithful-dd- Edward Abbey . Nature is cheaper than therapy-dd- Unknown . Nature is an infinite sphere of which the center is everywhere and the circumference nowhere-dd- Blaise Pascal . Nature is not our enemy, to be raped and conquered-dd- Nature is ourselves, to be cherished and explored-dd- Terence McKenna . Nature is as well adapted to our weakness as to our strength-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Nature is not human hearted-dd- Lao Tzu . Nature is our mother-dd- Latin proverb . Nature is the phenomena of the physical world collectively, including plants, animals, the landscape, and other features and products of the earth, as opposed to humans or human creations-dd- Google . Nature, in the broadest sense, is the natural, physical, or material world or universe-dd- Wikipedia . The earth has music for those who listen-dd- William Shakespeare . I like this place and could willingly waste my time in it-dd- William Shakespeare . Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant-dd- Robert Louis Stevenson . I think nature’s imagination is so much greater than man’s, she’s never going to let us relax-dd- Richard Feynman . Look into nature, and then you will understand it better-dd- Albert Einstein . How could this earth of ours, which is only a speck in the heavens, have so much variety of life, so many curious and exciting creatures-qq- Walt Disney . Nature is not an engineer or a contractor, and I myself am a part of Nature-dd- Albert Einstein (On whether his life was a success or failure) . All things in nature occur mathematically-dd- René Descartes . Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished-dd- Lao Tzu . The earth laughs in flowers-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Many eyes go through the meadow, but few see the flowers in it-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The first in time and the first in importance of the influences upon the mind is that of nature-dd- Every day, the sun; and, after sunset, night and her stars-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I am the lover of uncontained and immortal beauty-dd- In the wilderness, I find something more dear and connate than in streets or villages-dd- In the tranquil landscape, and especially in the distant line of the horizon, man beholds somewhat as beautiful as his own nature-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Nature is loved by what is best in us-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The sun illuminates only the eye of the man, but shines into the eye and the heart of the child-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The lover of nature is he whose inward and outward senses are still truly adjusted to each other; who has retained the spirit of infancy even into the era of manhood-dd- His intercourse with heaven and earth, becomes part of his daily food-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Everything in nature goes by law, and not by luck-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Nature always wears the colors of the spirit-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The mountains are calling and I must go-dd- John Muir . I never saw a discontented tree-dd- John Muir . Most people are on the world, not in it-dd- John Muir . Who wouldn’t be a mountaineer-xx- Up here all the world’s prizes seem nothing-dd- John Muir . Another glorious day, the air as delicious to the lungs as nectar to the tongue-dd- John Muir . When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world-dd- John Muir . The sun shines not on us but in us-dd- John Muir . An early morning walk is a blessing for the whole day-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Every morning was a cheerful invitation to make my life of equal simplicity, and I may say innocence, with Nature herself-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Live in each season as it passes; breathe the air, drink the drink, taste the fruit, and resign yourself to the influence of the earth-dd- Henry David Thoreau . I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived-dd- Henry David Thoreau . This curious world we inhabit is more wonderful than convenient; more beautiful than it is useful; it is more to be admired and enjoyed than used-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Nature does nothing uselessly-dd- Aristotle . The poetry of the earth is never dead-dd- John Keats . Nature, to be controlled, must be obeyed-dd- Francis Bacon . Nature is not a place to visit-dd- It is home-dd- Gary Snyder . The world is always in movement-dd- V-dd- S-dd- Naipaul . An inflexible tree breaks in a storm-dd- Matshona Dhliwayo . The earth is what we all have in common-dd- Wendell Berry . Colors are the smiles of nature-dd- Leigh Hunt . Be kind to everything that lives-dd- Unknown . There is beauty in simplicity-dd- Unknown . I love places that make you realize how tiny you and your problems are-dd- Unknown . All good things are wild and free-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Go where you feel most alive-dd- Unknown . The best views comes after the hardest climb-dd- Unknown . It is in the still silence of nature where one will find true bliss-dd- Unknown . Not all classrooms have four walls-dd- Unknown . Because when you stop and look around, this life is pretty amazing-dd- Unknown . Beautiful things don’t ask for attention-dd- Unknown . The goal of life is living in agreement with nature-dd- Zeno . Deep in their roots, all flowers keep the light-dd- Theodore Roethke . The earth has its music for those who will listen-dd- George Santanaya . Butterflies are self-propelled flowers-dd- Robert A-dd- Heinlein . Nature rarely surrenders one of her magnificent secrets-dd- Albert Einstein . Nothing is art if it does not come from nature-dd- Antoni Gaudi . Live, travel, adventure, bless, and don’t be sorry-dd- Jack Kerouac . A weed is no more than a flower in disguise-dd- James Russell Lowell . Wildness is the preservation of the world-dd- Henry David Thoreau . If you want to shine like a sun, first burn like a sun-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . Men argue-dd- Nature acts-dd- Voltaire . Between every two pines there is a doorway to a new world-dd- John Muir . All my life through, the new sights of Nature made me rejoice like a child-dd- Marie Curie . Not just beautiful, though—the stars are like the trees in the forest, alive and breathing-dd- And they’re watching me-dd- Haruki Murakami . I believe a leaf of grass is no less than the journey-work of the stars-dd- Walt Whitman . We are now in the mountains and they are in us, kindling enthusiasm, making every nerve quiver, filling every pore and cell of us-dd- John Muir . I am losing precious days-dd- I am degenerating into a machine for making money-dd- I am learning nothing in this trivial world of men-dd- I must break away and get out into the mountains to learn the news-dd- John Muir . It is said that the forest has a certain limit if you look straight ahead, but the sides are boundless-dd- Riccardo Bozzi . I go to nature to be soothed and healed, and to have my senses put in order-dd- John Burroughs . Great things are done by a series of small things brought together-dd- Vincent van Gogh . May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view-dd- May your mountains rise into and above the clouds-dd- Edward Abbey . At one time in the world there were woods that no one owned-dd- Cormac McCarthy . We still do not know one thousandth of one percent of what nature has revealed to us-dd- Albert Einstein . Nature abhors a vacuum, and if I can only walk with sufficient carelessness I am sure to be filled-dd- Henry David Thoreau . There is nothing pleasanter than spading when the ground is soft and damp-dd- John Steinbeck . The sunlight claps the earth, and the moonbeams kiss the sea: what are all these kissings worth, if thou kiss not me-qq- Percy Bysshe Shelley . Don’t be ashamed to weep; ’tis right to grieve-dd- Tears are only water, and flowers, trees, and fruit cannot grow without water-dd- Brian Jacques . This life is yours-dd- Take the power to choose what you want to do and do it well-dd- Take the power to love what you want in life and love it honestly-dd- Take the power to walk in the forest and be a part of nature-dd- Take the power to control your own life-dd- No one else can do it for you-dd- Take the power to make your life happy-dd- Susan Polis Schutz . When you do something noble and beautiful and nobody noticed, do not be sad-dd- For the sun every morning is a beautiful spectacle and yet most of the audience still sleeps-dd- John Lennon . The air was soft, the stars so fine, the promise of every cobbled alley so great, that I thought I was in a dream-dd- Jack Kerouac . I was surprised, as always, by how easy the act of leaving was, and how good it felt-dd- The world was suddenly rich with possibility-dd- Jack Kerouac . We have lived our lives by the assumption that what was good for us would be good for the world-dd- We have been wrong-dd- We must change our lives so that it will be possible to live by the contrary assumption, that what is good for the world will be good for us-dd- And that requires that we make the effort to know the world and learn what is good for it-dd- Wendell Berry . If you will stay close to nature, to its simplicity, to the small things hardly noticeable, those things can unexpectedly become great and immeasurable-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . Go outside-dd- Don’t tell anyone and don’t bring your phone-dd- Start walking and keep walking until you no longer know the road like the palm of your hand, because we walk the same roads day in and day out, to the bus and back home and we cease to see-dd- Charlotte Eriksson . Just walk, see, sit down if you like-dd- And be-dd- Just be, whatever you are with whatever you have, and realise that that is enough to be happy-dd- Charlotte Eriksson . There’s a whole world out there, right outside your window-dd- You’d be a fool to miss it-dd- Charlotte Eriksson . The butterfly counts not months but moments; and has time enough-dd- Rabindranith Tagore . Every flower is a soul blossoming in nature-dd- Gerard De Nerval . The world owes you nothing-dd- It was here first-dd- Mark Twain . Nature knows no indecencies; man invents them-dd- Mark Twain . Architects cannot teach nature anything-dd- Mark Twain . In the spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours-dd- Mark Twain . I like it when a flower or a little tuft of grass grows through a crack in the concrete-dd- It’s so heroic-dd- George Carlin . I think it annoys God if you walk by the color purple in a field and don’t notice-dd- Alice Walker . Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function-dd- Joseph Wood Krutch . People from a planet without flowers would think we must be mad with joy the whole time to have such things about us-dd- Iris Murdoch . I love nature, I just don’t want to get any of it on me-dd- Woody Allen . Some people walk in the rain, others just get wet-dd- Roger Miller . You can’t be suspicious of a tree, or accuse a bird or a squirrel of subversion or challenge the ideology of a violet-dd- Hal Borland . A man on foot, on horseback or on a bicycle will see more, feel more, enjoy more in one mile than the motorized tourists can in a hundred miles-dd- Edward Abbey . Nature has no mercy at all-dd- Nature says, I’m going to snow-dd- If you have on a bikini and no snowshoes, that’s tough-dd- I am going to snow anyway-dd- Maya Angelou . To me a lush carpet of pine needles or spongy grass is more welcome than the most luxurious Persian rug-dd- Helen Keller . One can no more approach people without love than one can approach bees without care-dd- Such is the quality of bees-dd- Leo Tolstoy . On every stem, on every leaf… and at the root of everything that grew, was a professional specialist in the shape of grub, caterpillar, aphis, or other expert, whose business it was to devour that particular part-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . I never really understood the word ‘loneliness’-dd- As far as I was concerned, I was in an orgy with the sky and the ocean, and with nature-dd- Björk . The garden suggests there might be a place where we can meet nature halfway-dd- Michael Pollan . Of all the paths you take in life, make sure a few of them are dirt-dd- John Muir . Ordinarily, I go to the woods alone, with not a single friend, for they are all smilers and talkers and therefore unsuitable-dd- Mary Oliver . It’s the idea that people living close to nature tend to be noble-dd- It’s seeing all those sunsets that does it-dd- You can’t watch a sunset and then go off and set fire to your neighbor’s tepee-dd- Daniel Quinn . Maybe kissing is sort of like nature’s coffee-dd- Scott Westerfeld . I was determined to know beans-dd- Henry David Thoreau . A flower is an educated weed-dd- Luther Burbank . The world is big and I want to have a good look at it before it gets dark-dd- John Muir . The woods are lovely, dark and deep-dd- But I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep-dd- Robert Frost . The least movement is of importance to all nature-dd- The entire ocean is affected by a pebble-dd- Blaise Pascal . Be a loner-dd- That gives you time to wonder, to search for the truth-dd- Have holy curiosity-dd- Make your life worth living-dd- Albert Einstein . To forget how to dig the earth and to tend the soil is to forget ourselves-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . We need the tonic of wildness…At the same time that we are earnest to explore and learn all things, we require that all things be mysterious and unexplorable, that land and sea be indefinitely wild, unsurveyed and unfathomed by us because unfathomable-dd- We can never have enough of nature-dd- Henry David Thoreau . There is an element of truth in everything-dd- Nature teaches, although it can sometimes be misleading-dd- Bruce Lee . I go to books and to nature as the bee goes to a flower, for a nectar that I can make into my own honey-dd- John Burroughs . Thousands of tired, nerve-shaken, over-civilized people are beginning to find out that going to the mountains is going home; that wildness is a necessity-dd- John Muir . Man is the most insane species-dd- He worships an invisible God and destroys a visible Nature-dd- Unaware that this Nature he’s destroying is this God he’s worshiping-dd- Hubert Reeves . Everything in nature invites us constantly to be what we are-dd- Gretel Ehrlich . I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority-dd- E-dd-B-dd- White . Does anything in nature despair except man-qq- An animal with a foot caught in a trap does not seem to despair-dd- It is too busy trying to survive-dd- It is all closed in, to a kind of still, intense waiting-dd- Is this a key-qq- Keep busy with survival-dd- Imitate the trees-dd- Learn to lose in order to recover, and remember that nothing stays the same for long, not even pain, psychic pain-dd- Sit it out-dd- Let it all pass-dd- Let it go-dd- May Sarton . Sit down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every preconceived notion, follow humbly wherever and to whatever abysses nature leads, or you shall learn nothing-dd- I have only begun to learn content and peace of mind since I have resolved at all risks to do this-dd- Thomas Henry Huxley . I felt like lying down by the side of the trail and remembering it all-dd- The woods do that to you, they always look familiar, long lost, like the face of a long-dead relative, like an old dream, like a piece of forgotten song drifting across the water, most of all like golden eternities of past childhood or past manhood and all the living and the dying and the heartbreak that went on a million years ago and the clouds as they pass overhead seem to testify (by their own lonesome familiarity) to this feeling-dd- Jack Kerouac . The goal of life is to make your heartbeat match the beat of the universe, to match your nature with Nature-dd- Joseph Campbell . The love of wilderness is more than a hunger for what is always beyong reach; it is also an expression of loyalty to the earth, the earth which bore us and sustains us, the only paradise we shall ever know, the only paradise we ever need, if only we had the eyes to see-dd- Edward Abbey . Nature magically suits the man to his fortunes, by making these the fruit of his character-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Everything in nature contains all the power of nature-dd- Everything is made of one hidden stuff-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Art is the child of nature in whom we trace the features of the mothers face-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . There are in nature neither rewards nor punishments – there are consequences-dd- Robert G-dd- Ingersoll . Adapt or perish, now as never, is nature’s inexorable imperative-dd- H-dd-G-dd- Wells . If people think that nature is their friend, then they sure don’t need an enemy-dd- Kurt Vonnegut . Earth has no sorrow that earth can not heal-dd- John Muir . Never does nature say one thing and wisdom another-dd- Juvenal . Nature’s law is stronger than any little law you have made for yourself-dd- Frank A-dd- De Puy . The goal is to discover your nature and nature helps you do it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best-dd- Henry van Dyke . Never, no, never did nature say one thing and wisdom another-dd- Edmund Burke . If a man walks in the woods for love of them half of each day, he is in danger of being regarded as a loafer-dd- But if he spends his days as a speculator, shearing off those woods and making the earth bald before her time, he is deemed an industrious and enterprising citizen-dd- Henry David Thoreau . The day has eyes; the night has ears-dd- David Fergusson . Nature never wears a mean appearance-dd- Neither does the wisest man extort her secret, and lose his curiosity by finding out all her perfection-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Nature never became a toy to a wise spirit-dd- The flowers, the animals, the mountains, reflected the wisdom of his best hour, as much as they had delighted the simplicity of this childhood-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Science cannot solve the ultimate mystery of nature-dd- And that is because, in the last analysis, we ourselves are a part of the mystery that we are trying to solve-dd- Max Planck . My profession is always to be alert, to find God in nature, to know God’s lurking places, to attend to all the oratorios and the operas in nature-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Those who dwell, as scientists or laymen, among the beauties and mysteries of the earth are never alone or weary of life-dd- Rachel Carson . The world is not to be put in order-dd- The world is order-dd- It is for us to put ourselves in unison with this order-dd- Henry Miller . The first wildflower of the year is like land after sea-dd- Thomas Wentworth Higginson . Nature never did betray the heart that loved her-dd- William Wordsworth . A morning-glory at my window satisfies me more than the metaphysics of books-dd- Walt Whitman . I just wish the world was twice as big and half of it was still unexplored-dd- David Attenborough . I cannot endure to waste anything so precious as autumnal sunshine by staying in the house-dd- Nathaniel Hawthorne . To find the universal elements enough; to find the air and the water exhilarating; to be refreshed by a morning walk or an evening saunter… to be thrilled by the stars at night; to be elated over a bird’s nest or a wildflower in spring — these are some of the rewards of the simple life-dd- John Burroughs . It is a wholesome and necessary thing for us to turn again to the earth and in the contemplation of her beauties to know of wonder and humility-dd- Rachel Carson . The richness I achieve comes from Nature, the source of my inspiration-dd- Claude Monet . Looking at beauty in the world, is the first step of purifying the mind-dd- Amit Ray . Nature’s beauty is a gift that cultivates appreciation and gratitude-dd- Louie Schwartzberg . Some of nature’s most exquisite handiwork is on a miniature scale, as anyone knows who has applied a magnifying glass to a snowflake-dd- Rachel Carson . After sleeping through a hundred million centuries we have finally opened our eyes on a sumptuous planet, sparkling with color, bountiful with life-dd- Within decades we must close our eyes again-dd- Isn’t it a noble, an enlightened way of spending our brief time in the sun, to work at understanding the universe and how we have come to wake up in it-qq- This is how I answer when I am asked – as I am surprisingly often – why I bother to get up in the mornings-dd- Richard Dawkins . To sit in the shade on a fine day, and look upon verdure is the most perfect refreshment-dd- Jane Austen . Joy in looking and comprehending is nature’s most beautiful gift-dd- Albert Einstein . The beauty of the natural world lies in the details-dd- Natalie Angier . After all, I don’t see why I am always asking for private, individual, selfish miracles when every year there are miracles like white dogwood-dd- Anne Morrow Lindbergh . The scientist does not study nature because it is useful to do so-dd- He studies it because he takes pleasure in it, and he takes pleasure in it because it is beautiful-dd- If nature were not beautiful it would not be worth knowing, and life would not be worth living-dd- Henri Poincaré . If you wish to know the divine, feel the wind on your face and the warm sun on your hand-dd- Buddha . Everyone likes birds-dd- What wild creature is more accessible to our eyes and ears, as close to us and everyone in the world, as universal as a bird-dd- David Attenborough . Great things are done when men and mountains meet-dd- This is not done by jostling in the street-dd- William Blake . Everything in nature is lyrical in its ideal essence, tragic in its fate, and comic in its existence-dd- George Santanaya . I care to live only to entice people to look at Nature’s loveliness-dd- John Muir . In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous-dd- Aristotle . I firmly believe that nature brings solace in all troubles-dd- Anne Frank . The love for all living creatures is the most noble attribute of man-dd- Charles Darwin . The forest makes your heart gentle-dd- You become one with it-dd- No place for greed or anger there-dd- Pha Pachak . Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer’s day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time-dd- John Lubbock . He who hears the rippling of rivers in these degenerate days will not utterly despair-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Nature rejuvenates so quickly, so completely-dd- Though we often view ourselves otherwise, we are nature-dd- Jeb Dickerson . Watching birds has become part of my daily meditation affirming my connection to the earth body-dd- Carol P-dd- Christ . Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where Nature may heal and cheer and give strength to body and soul alike-dd- John Muir . Keep close to Nature’s heart… and break clear away, once in awhile, and climb a mountain or spend a week in the woods-dd- Wash your spirit clean-dd- John Muir . One day’s exposure to mountains is better than a cartload of books-dd- John Muir . Forests, lakes, and rivers, clouds and winds, stars and flowers, stupendous glaciers and crystal snowflakes — every form of animate or inanimate existence, leaves its impress upon the soul of man-dd- Orison Swett Marden . Standing on the bare ground – my head bathed by the blithe air and uplifted into infinite space – all mean egotism vanishes-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I become a transparent eyeball; I am nothing; I see all; the currents of the Universal Being circulate through me; I am part or parcel of God-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . I value my garden more for being full of blackbirds than of cherries, and very frankly give them fruit for their songs-dd- Joseph Addison . What I know of the divine sciences and Holy Scriptures, I learned in woods and fields-dd- I have no other masters than the beeches and the oaks-dd- Saint Bernard of Clairvaux . Give me odorous at sunrise a garden of beautiful flowers where I can walk undisturbed-dd- Walt Whitman . If you can’t be in awe of Mother Nature, there’s something wrong with you-dd- Alex Trebek . To me, Mother Nature isn’t nearly as scary as human nature-dd- Paula Stokes . Nature is not benevolent: with ruthless indifference she makes all things serve their purposes-dd- Lao Tzu . Sometimes Mother Nature has the answers when you do not even know the questions-dd- Keith Wynn . As a scientist, I believe that nature is a perfect structure, seen from the standpoint of reason and logical analysis-dd- Albert Einstein . Shall I not have intelligence with the earth-qq- Am I not partly leaves and vegetable mold myself-qq- Henry David Thoreau . Mother Nature presents neither a wrinkled face nor tottering form, but constantly renews the bloom of her youth, while time fills up the volumes of her history-dd- James Lendall Basford . Our downfall as a species is that we are arrogant enough to think that we can control Mother Nature and stupid enough to think it is our job-dd- Greg Peterson . In every outthrust headland, in every curving beach, in every grain of sand there is the story of the earth-dd- Rachel Carson . He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature-dd- Socrates . One’s true nature is revealed in time of difficulty-dd- Chinese proverb . Rivers and mountains may change; human nature, never-dd- Chinese proverb . Speaking comes by nature, silence by understanding-dd- German proverb . Man has demonstrated that he is master of everything – except his own nature-dd- Henry Miller . Man is not, by nature, deserving of all that he wants-dd- When we think that we are automatically entitled to something, that is when we start walking all over others to get it-dd- Criss Jami . Everything in nature invites us constantly to be what we are-dd- Gretel Ehrlich . It’s very, very dangerous to lose contact with living nature-dd- Albert Hofmann . Every living organism is fulfilled when it follows the right path for its own nature-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Scenery is fine – but human nature is finer-dd- John Keats . Wilderness is not a luxury but a necessity of the human spirit, and as vital to our lives as water and good bread-dd- Edward Abbey . There are always flowers for those who want to see them-dd- Henri Matisse . The different accidents of life are not so changeable as the feelings of human nature-dd- Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley (Frankenstein) . A nobler want of man is served by nature, namely, the love of beauty-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Man is by nature a political animal-dd- Aristotle . I can enjoy society in a room; but out of doors, nature is company enough for me-dd- William Hazlitt . We do not see nature with our eyes, but with our understandings and our hearts-dd- William Hazlitt . The human spirit needs places where nature has not been rearranged by the hand of man-dd- Unknown . Human nature is not black and white but black and grey-dd- Graham Greene . If you truly love Nature, you will find beauty everywhere-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature-dd- It will never fail you-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . The earth has received the embrace of the sun and we shall see the results of that love-dd- Sitting Bull . Come forth into the light of things, let nature be your teacher-dd- William Wordsworth . I have loved the feel of the grass under my feet, and the sound of the running streams by my side-dd- The hum of the wind in the tree-tops has always been good music to me, and the face of the fields has often comforted me more than the faces of men-dd- John Burroughs . He that plants trees love others besides himself-dd- Thomas Fuller . Explore the forests, climb the mountains, bag the peaks, run the rivers, breathe deep of that yet sweet and lucid air, sit quietly for a while and contemplate the precious stillness, the lovely, mysterious, and awesome space-dd- Edward Abbey . Like music and art, love of nature is a common language that can transcend political or social boundaries-dd- Jimmy Carter . But especially he loved to run in the dim twilight of the summer midnights, listening to the subdued and sleepy murmurs of the forest, reading signs and sounds as a man may read a book, and seeking for the mysterious something that called, waking or sleeping, at all times, for him to come-dd- Jack London . No better way is there to learn to love Nature than to understand Art-dd- It dignifies every flower of the field-dd- And, the boy who sees the thing of beauty which a bird on the wing becomes when transferred to wood or canvas will probably not throw the customary stone-dd- Oscar Wilde . There is a pleasure in the pathless woods-dd- There is a rapture on the lonely shore-dd- There is society, where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar: I love not Man the less, but nature more-dd- George Gordon Byron . Whoever loves and understands a garden will find contentment within-dd- Chinese proverb . No man fears what he has seen grow-dd- African Proverb . Nature holds the key to our aesthetic, intellectual, cognitive and even spiritual satisfaction-dd- E-dd- O-dd- Wilson . It takes time for a fruit to mature and acquire sweetness and become eatable; time is a prime factor for most good fortunes-dd- Atharva Veda . I still find each day too short for all the thoughts I want to think, all the walks I want to take, all the books I want to read, and all the friends I want to see-dd- John Burroughs . A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books, music, love for one’s neighbor – such is my idea of happiness-dd- Leo Tolstoy . One touch of nature makes the whole world kin-dd- John Muir . One should go to the woods for safety, if for nothing else-dd- John Muir . If I were to name the three most precious resources of life, I should say books, friends, and nature-dd- John Burroughs . Pleasure is spread through the earth in stray gifts to be claimed by whoever shall find-dd- William Wordsworth . The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance; the wise grows it under his feet-dd- James Oppenheim . How fair is a garden amid the trials and passions of existence-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship-dd- William Blake . An understanding of the natural world and what’s in it is a source of not only a great curiosity but great fulfillment-dd- David Attenborough . The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God-dd- Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be and that God wishes to see people happy, amidst the simple beauty of nature-dd- Anne Frank . Plant seeds of happiness, hope, success, and love; it will all come back to you in abundance-dd- This is the law of nature-dd- Steve Maraboli . I am comforted by life’s stability, by earth’s unchangeableness-dd- What has seemed new and frightening assumes its place in the unfolding of knowledge-dd- It is good to know our universe-dd- What is new is only new to us-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in the kindness of human beings-dd- I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and angels-dd- Pearl S-dd- Buck . One of the most important resources that a garden makes available for use, is the gardener’s own body-dd- A garden gives the body the dignity of working in its own support-dd- It is a way of rejoining the human race-dd- Wendell Berry . Instructions for living a life-dd- Pay attention-dd- Be astonished-dd- Tell about it-dd- Mary Oliver . If you have a garden and library, you have everything you need-dd- Cicero . Every child is born a naturalist-dd- Their eyes are, by nature, open to the glories of the stars, the beauty of the flowers, and the mystery of life-dd- R-dd- Search . If you tend to a flower, it will bloom, no matter how many weeds surround it-dd- Matshona Dhliwayo . Let children walk with Nature, let them see the beautiful blendings and communions of death and life, their joyous inseparable unity, as taught in woods and meadows, plains and mountains and streams of our blessed star, and they will learn that death is stingless indeed, and as beautiful as life-dd- . The sky lovingly smiles on the earth and her children-dd- Henry Morton Stanley . Spring is the time of plans and projects-dd- Leo Tolstoy . You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep spring from coming-dd- Pablo Neruda . Green was the silence, wet was the light, the month of June trembled like a butterfly-dd- Pablo Neruda . No man can taste the fruits of autumn while he is delighting his scent with the flowers of spring-dd- Samuel Johnson . If people did not love one another, I really don’t see what use there would be in having any spring-dd- Victor Hugo . It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold: when it is summer in the light, and winter in the shade-dd- Charles Dickens . It’s spring fever-dd- That is what the name of it is-dd- And when you’ve got it, you want—oh, you don’t quite know what it is you do want, but it just fairly makes your heart ache, you want it so-xx- Mark Twain . It is spring again-dd- The earth is like a child that knows poems by heart-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . In the spring, at the end of the day, you should smell like dirt-dd- Margaret Atwood . What good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness-dd- John Steinbeck . Summer afternoon – summer afternoon; to me those have always been the two most beautiful words in the English language-dd- Henry James . And so with the sunshine and the great bursts of leaves growing on the trees, just as things grow in fast movies, I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer-dd- F-dd- Scott Fitzgerald . One swallow does not make a summer, neither does one fine day; similarly one day or brief time of happiness does not make a person entirely happy-dd- Aristotle . Summer will end soon enough, and childhood as well-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game of Thrones) . Days decrease – and autumn grows, autumn in everything-dd- Robert Browning . No spring nor summer beauty hath such grace as I have seen in one autumnal face-dd- John Donne . Delicious autumn-xx- My very soul is wedded to it, and if I were a bird I would fly about the earth seeking the successive autumns-dd- George Eliot . Why is summer mist romantic and autumn mist just sad-qq- Dodie Smith . Autumn wins you best by this, its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay-dd- Robert Browning . Autumn’s the mellow time-dd- William Allingham . Autumn is the mellower season, and what we lose in flowers we more than gain in fruits-dd- Samuel Butler . Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower-dd- Albert Camus . Winter is coming-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game of Thrones) . Melancholy were the sounds on a winter’s night-dd- Virginia Woolf . Winter is the time for comfort, for good food and warmth, for the touch of a friendly hand and for a talk beside the fire: it is the time for home-dd- Edith Sitwell . The ghostly winter silence had given way to the great spring murmur of awakening life-dd- Jack London . Even the strongest blizzards start with a single snowflake-dd- Sara Raasch . I wonder if the snow loves the trees and fields, that it kisses them so gently-qq- And then it covers them up snug, you know, with a white quilt; and perhaps it says ‘Go to sleep, darlings, till the summer comes again’-dd- Lewis Carroll . Spring passes and one remembers one’s innocence-dd- Summer passes and one remembers one’s exuberance-dd- Autumn passes and one remembers one’s reverence-dd- Winter passes and one remembers one’s perseverance-dd- Yoko Ono . If winter comes, can spring be far behind-qq- Percy Bysshe Shelley . Will you love me in December as you do in May-qq- Jack Kerouac . I am not an atheist but an earthiest-dd- Be true to the earth-dd- Edward Abbey . I’ve always regarded nature as the clothing of God-dd- Alan Hovhaness . When one loses the deep intimate relationship with nature, then temples, mosques and churches become important-dd- Jiddu Krishnamurti . What I see in Nature is a magnificent structure that we can comprehend only very imperfectly, and that must fill a thinking person with a feeling of humility-dd- This is a genuinely religious feeling that has nothing to do with mysticism-dd- Albert Einstein . In every true searcher of Nature there is a kind of religious reverence, for he finds it impossible to imagine that he is the first to have thought out the exceedingly delicate threads that connect his perceptions-dd- Albert Einstein . Try and penetrate with our limited means the secrets of nature and you will find that, behind all the discernible concatenations, there remains something subtle, intangible, and inexplicable-dd- Albert Einstein . Veneration for this force beyond anything that we can comprehend is my religion-dd- To that extent I am, in point of fact, religious-dd- Albert Einstein . We need to find God, and he cannot be found in noise and restlessness-dd- God is the friend of silence-dd- See how nature – trees, flowers, grass – grows in silence; see the stars, the moon and the sun, how they move in silence… We need silence to be able to touch souls-dd- Mother Teresa . I perceive God everywhere in His works-dd- I sense Him in me; I see Him all around me-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . God writes the gospel not in the Bible alone, but on trees and flowers and clouds and stars-dd- Unknown . Something of God… flows into us from the blue of the sky, the taste of honey, the delicious embrace of water whether cold or hot, and even from sleep itself-dd- C-dd- S-dd- Lewis . While we are actually subjected to them, the ‘moods’ and ‘spirits’ of nature point no morals-dd- Overwhelming gaiety, insupportable grandeur, sombre desolation are flung at you-dd- Make what you can of them, if you must make at all-dd- The only imperative that nature utters is, ‘Look-dd- Listen-dd- Attend’-dd- C-dd- S-dd- Lewis . In the woods is perpetual youth-dd- Within these plantations of God, a decorum and sanctify reign, a perennial festival is dressed, and the guest sees not how he should tire of them in a thousands years-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Reading about nature is fine, but if a person walks in the woods and listens carefully, he can learn more than what is in books, for they speak with the voice of God-dd- George Washington Carver . I believe in God, only I spell it Nature-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . God has cared for these trees, saved them from drought, disease, avalanches, and a thousand tempests and floods-dd- Even so, God cannot save them from fools-dd- John Muir . I love to think of nature as an unlimited broadcasting station, through which God speaks to us every hour, if we will only tune in-dd- George Washington Carver . Nature is my manifestation of God-dd- Unknown . Flowers are the sweetest things that God ever made and forgot to put a soul into-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God-dd- Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be and that God wishes to see people happy, amidst the simple beauty of nature-dd- Anne Frank . Every dewdrop and raindrop had a whole heaven within it-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . I believe that there is a subtle magnetism in Nature, which, if we unconsciously yield to it, will direct us aright-dd- Henry David Thoreau . On earth there is no heaven, but there are pieces of it-dd- Jules Renard . I go to nature every day for inspiration in the day’s work-dd- Frank Lloyd Wright . We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars-dd- Oscar Wilde . Maybe that’s what life is… a wink of the eye and winking stars-dd- Jack Kerouac . There’s a sunrise and a sunset every single day, and they’re absolutely free-dd- Don’t miss so many of them-dd- Jo Walton . This grand show is eternal-dd- It is always sunrise somewhere; the dew is never all dried at once; a shower is forever falling; vapor is ever rising-dd- Eternal sunrise, eternal sunset, eternal dawn and gloaming, on sea and continents and islands, each in its turn, as the round earth rolls-dd- John Muir . The stars awaken a certain reverence because though always present they are inaccessible-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Sunset is still my favorite color, and rainbow is second-dd- Mattie Stepanek . Do not despise your own place and hour-dd- Every place is under the stars, every place is the center of the world-dd- John Burroughs . When the sun has set, no candle can replace it-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin . To speak truly, few adults can see nature-dd- Most persons do not see the sun-dd- At least they have a very superficial seeing-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Not the sun or the summer alone, but every hour and season yields its tribute of delight; for every hour and change corresponds to and authorizes a different state of the mind, from breathless noon to grimmest midnight-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . There was never a night or a problem that could defeat sunrise or hope-dd- Bernard Williams . Climb up on some hill at sunrise-dd- Everybody needs perspective once in a while, and you’ll find it there-dd- Robb Sagendorph . Together we can face any challenges as deep as the ocean and as high as the sky-dd- Sonia Gandhi . I like the night-dd- Without the dark, we’d never see the stars-dd- Stephenie Meyer . It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves-dd- William Shakespeare . Do not complain beneath the stars about the lack of bright spots in your life-dd- Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson . Because I can count on my fingers the number of sunsets I have left, and I don’t want to miss any of them-dd- Suzanne Collins . No one is free, even the birds are chained to the sky-dd- Bob Dylan . Nothing is more beautiful than the loveliness of the woods before sunrise-dd- George Washington Carver . Two things awe me most, the starry sky above me and the moral law within me-dd- Immanuel Kant . The sun, with all those plants revolving around it and dependent upon it, can still ripen a bunch of grapes as if it had nothing else in the universe to do-dd- Galileo Galilei . Never waste any amount of time doing anything important when there is a sunset outside that you should be sitting under-xx- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . Every particular in nature, a leaf, a drop, a crystal, a moment of time is related to the whole, and partakes of the perfection of the whole-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . The sun does not shine for a few trees and flowers, but for the wide world’s joy-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream-dd- Vincent Van Gogh . The way is not in the sky-dd- The way is in the heart-dd- Unknown . Rainbows apologize for angry skies-dd- Sylvia Voirol . How glorious a greeting the sun gives the mountains-xx- John Muir . Water is the driving force in nature-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . The day I see a leaf is a marvel of a day-dd- Kenneth Patton . We forget that the water cycle and the life cycle are one-dd- Jacques Yves Cousteau . Our forests are literally the lungs for the planet-dd- Unknown . Climb the mountains and get their good tidings-dd- Nature’s peace will flow into you as sunshine flows into trees-dd- The winds will blow their own freshness into you, and the storms their energy, while cares will drop away from you like the leaves of autumn-dd- John Muir . A week ago it was the mountains I thought the most wonderful, and today it’s the plains-dd- I guess it’s the feeling of bigness in both that carries me away-dd- Georgia O’Keeffe . Few places in this world are more dangerous than home-dd- Fear not, therefore, to try the mountain passes-dd- They will kill care, save you from deadly apathy, set you free, and call forth every faculty into vigorous, enthusiastic action-dd- John Muir . Earth and sky, woods and fields, lakes and rivers, the mountain and the sea, are excellent schoolmasters, and teach some of us more than we can ever learn from books-dd- John Lubbock . Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair-dd- Kahlil Gibran . Love the trees until their leaves fall off, then encourage them to try again next year-dd- Chad Sugg . A book, too, can be a star, a living fire to lighten the darkness, leading out into the expanding universe-dd- Madeleine L’Engle . Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life-dd- Buddha . Trees are the earth’s endless effort to speak to the listening heaven-dd- Rabindranath Tagore . One generation plants the trees; another gets the shade-dd- Chinese proverb . A flower you plant may not necessarily bloom; but the seed of a tree you happen to drop may grow into a forest-dd- Chinese proverb . Fire tests gold, suffering tests brave men-dd- Seneca . Even for a tree of 10000 feet, it’s leaves return to the root when they fall-dd- Chinese proverb . If I were a tree, I would have no reason to love a human-dd- Maggie Stiefvater . Never measure the height of a mountain until you have reached the top-dd- Then you will see how low it was-dd- Dag Hammarskjold . In nature, nothing is perfect and everything is perfect-dd- Trees can be contorted, bent in weird ways, and they’re still beautiful-dd- Alice Walker . The stars are like the trees in the forest, alive and breathing-dd- And they’re watching me-dd- Haruki Murakami . In the beauty and grandeur of individual trees, and in number and variety of species, the Sierra forests surpass all others-dd- John Muir . The three great elemental sounds in nature are the sound of rain, the sound of wind in a primeval wood, and the sound of outer ocean on a beach-dd- Henry Beston . The best thing one can do when it’s raining is to let it rain-dd- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow . Rain is grace; rain is the sky descending to the earth; without rain, there would be no life-dd- John Updike . The sea, the great unifier, is man’s only hope-dd- Now, as never before, the old phrase has a literal meaning: we are all in the same boat-dd- Jacques-Yves Cousteau . The sea is emotion incarnate-dd- It loves, hates, and weeps-dd- It defies all attempts to capture it with words and rejects all shackles-dd- No matter what you say about it, there is always that which you can’t-dd- Christopher Paolini . The woods call to us with a hundred voices, but the sea has one only — a mighty voice that drowns our souls in its majestic music-dd- The woods are human, but the sea is of the company of the archangels-dd- L-dd-M-dd- Montgomery . The most tangible of all visible mysteries – fire-dd- Leigh Hunt . Fire that’s closest kept burns most of all-dd- William Shakespeare . Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden-dd- Cormac McCarthy . Earth was created for all of us, not some of us-dd- Anthony Douglas Williams . We kill all the caterpillars, then complain there are no butterflies-dd- John Marsden . What is the use of a house if you haven’t got a tolerable planet to put it on-qq- Henry David Thoreau . I don’t believe in collective guilt, but I do believe in collective responsibility-dd- Audrey Hepburn . I think having land and not ruining it is the most beautiful art that anybody could ever want-dd- Andy Warhol . For 200 years we’ve been conquering Nature-dd- Now we’re beating it to death-dd- Tom McMillan . We have met the enemy, and he is us-dd- Walt Kelly . But man is a part of nature and his war against nature is inevitably a war against himself-dd- Rachel Carson . The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us, the less taste we shall have for destruction-dd- Rachel Carson . Like the resource it seeks to protect, wildlife conservation must be dynamic, changing as conditions change, seeking always to become more effective-dd- Rachel Carson . One way to open your eyes is to ask yourself, ‘What if I had never seen this before-qq- What if I knew I would never see it again-qq-’-dd- Rachel Carson . The human race is challenged more than ever before to demonstrate our mastery, not over nature but of ourselves-dd- Rachel Carson . It is a curious situation that the sea, from which life first arose should now be threatened by the activities of one form of that life-dd- But the sea, though changed in a sinister way, will continue to exist; the threat is rather to life itself-dd- Rachel Carson . Man has been endowed with reason, with the power to create, so that he can add to what he’s been given-dd- But up to now he hasn’t been a creator, only a destroyer-dd- Forests keep disappearing, rivers dry up, wild life’s become extinct, the climate’s ruined and the land grows poorer and uglier every day-dd- Anton Chekhov . The idea of wilderness needs no defense, it only needs defenders-dd- Edward Abbey . I am pessimistic about the human race because it is too ingenious for its own good-dd- Our approach to nature is to beat it into submission-dd- We would stand a better chance of survival if we accommodated ourselves to this planet and viewed it appreciatively, instead of skeptically and dictatorially-dd- E-dd-B-dd- White . The use of solar energy has not been opened up because the oil industry does not own the sun-dd- Ralph Nader . The proper use of science is not to conquer nature but to live in it-dd- Barry Commoner . Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow-dd- A-dd- P-dd- J-dd- Abdul Kalam . A patriot must always be ready to defend his country against his government-dd- Edward Abbey . It is not enough to fight for the land; it is even more important to enjoy it-dd- While you can-dd- While it’s still here-dd- Edward Abbey . A civilization which destroys what little remains of the wild, the spare, the original, is cutting itself off from its origins and betraying the principle of civilization itself-dd- Edward Abbey . The question is, are we happy to suppose that our grandchildren may never be able to see an elephant except in a picture book-qq- David Attenborough . The environment is all we have-dd- A healthy environment means a good life-dd- Nadège (Ecosia, The search engine that plants trees) . Nature teaches more than she preaches-dd- There are no sermons in stones-dd- It is easier to get a spark out of a stone than a moral-dd- John Burroughs . Only within the moment of time represented by the present century has one species – man – acquired significant power to alter the nature of his world-dd- Rachel Carson . Never doubt that a small group of thoughtfully committed citizens can change the world-dd- Indeed, it’s the only thing that ever has-dd- Margaret Mead . There is a great need for the introduction of new values in our society, where bigger is not necessarily better, where slower can be faster, and where less can be more-dd- Gaylord Nelson . However fragmented the world, however intense the national rivalries, it is an inexorable fact that we become more interdependent every day-dd- Jacques Yves Cousteau . Today, more than ever before, life must be characterized by a sense of Universal responsibility, not only nation to nation and human to human, but also human to other forms of life-dd- Dalai Lama . We share the earth not only with our fellow human beings, but with all the other creatures-dd- Dalai Lama . Let us give Nature a chance; she knows her business better than we do-dd- Michel de Montaigne . I will find my joy – not in a bed of hothouse roses, but in a wayward roadside flower-dd- Muriel Strode . Nature’s first green is gold, Her hardest hue to hold-dd- Her early leaf’s a flower; But only so an hour-dd- Then leaf subsides to leaf-dd- So Eden sank to grief, So dawn goes down to day-dd- Nothing gold can stay-dd- Robert Frost . Who has not found the heaven below, will fail of it above-dd- God’s residence is next to mine, his furniture is love-dd- Emily Dickinson . A large drop of sun lingered on the horizon and then dripped over and was gone, and the sky was brilliant over the spot where it had gone, and a torn cloud, like a bloody rag, hung over the spot of its going-dd- And dusk crept over the sky from the eastern horizon, and darkness crept over the land from the east-dd- John Steinbeck . All this he saw, for one moment breathless and intense, vivid on the morning sky; and still, as he looked, he lived; and still, as he lived, he wondered-dd- Kenneth Grahame . To see a world in a grain of sand, and a heaven in a wild flower, hold infinity in the palm of your hand, and eternity in an hour-dd- William Blake . No one owns the water-dd- No one owns the lands-dd- No one owns the oceans-dd- No one owns the sands-dd- These are given by our Mother-dd- Our planet provides for free-dd- Only by hands of the greedy-dd- Does the Earth require a fee-dd- Poet Christopher . Birth, life, and death – each took place on the hidden side of a leaf-dd- Toni Morrison . A human being is a part of the whole called by us universe, a part limited in time and space-dd- He experiences himself, his thoughts and feeling as something separated from the rest, a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness-dd- This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us-dd- Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty-dd- Albert Einstein . 