Gratitude turns what we have into enough-dd- Aesop . This is a wonderful day-dd- I’ve never seen this one before-dd- Maya Angelou . Gratitude is the fairest blossom that springs from the soul-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . If the only prayer you said in your whole life was “thank you” that would suffice-dd- Meister Eckhart . Gratitude is riches-dd- Complaint is poverty-dd- Doris Day . So much has been given to me; I have no time to ponder over that which has been denied-dd- Helen Keller (Remember that she was a deaf-blind person) . If a fellow isn’t thankful for what he’s got, he isn’t likely to be thankful for what he’s going to get-dd- Frank A-dd- Clark . Gratitude is the most exquisite form of courtesy-dd- Jacques Maritain . An early-morning walk is a blessing for the whole day-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Stop now-dd- Enjoy the moment-dd- It’s now or never-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Silent gratitude isn’t very much to anyone-dd- Gertrude Stein . No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks-dd- James Allen . Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it-dd- William Arthur Ward . When we give cheerfully and accept gratefully, everyone is blessed-dd- Maya Angelou . As long as this exists, this sunshine and this cloudless sky, and as long as I can enjoy it, how can I be sad-qq- Anne Frank . In ordinary life, we hardly realize that we receive a great deal more than we give, and that it is only with gratitude that life becomes rich-dd- Dietrich Bonhoeffer . Ingratitude is the daughter of pride-dd- Miguel de Cervantes . The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it-dd- Richard Bach . Don’t pray when it rains if you don’t pray when the sun shines-dd- Leroy Satchel Paige . We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude-dd- Cynthia Ozick . We must find time to stop and thank the people who make a difference in our lives-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals-dd- If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Meditate, relax and just “be” for a moment-dd- Remember that this moment is perfect the way it is and you don’t need to change it-dd- Maxime Lagacé . I thank everything, because everything teaches me something-dd- Maxime Lagacé . True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient, for he that is so wants nothing-dd- Seneca . The world gives you way more than you ever give it-dd- Kamal Ravikant . Giving thanks for abundance is greater than the abundance itself-dd- Rumi . Gratitude is what you feel when you want what you already have-dd- James Clear . The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach-dd- A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not-dd- Seneca . A sense of blessedness comes from a change of heart, not from more blessings-dd- Mason Cooley . May the work of your hands be a sign of gratitude and reverence to the human condition-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . When it comes to life the critical thing is whether you take things for granted or take them with gratitude-dd- G-dd-K-dd- Chesterton . We can complain because rose bushes have thorns, or rejoice because thorns have roses-dd- Alphonse Karr . I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder-dd- Gilbert K-dd- Chesterton . Hardship is a blessing when it spurs effort and development; ease is a curse when it increases complacency and self-indulgence-dd- Muso Kokushi . I was complaining that I had no shoes till I met a man who had no feet-dd- Confucius (This is one of my favorite gratitude quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Gratitude is the memory of the heart-dd- Jean Baptiste Massieu . Gratitude is a quality similar to electricity: it must be produced and discharged and used up in order to exist at all-dd- William Faulkner . Gratitude is an opener of locked-up blessings-dd- Marianne Williamson . Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors-dd- François de La Rochefoucauld . Gratitude is the least of the virtues, but ingratitude is the worst of vices-dd- Thomas Fuller . Gratitude is a currency that we can mint for ourselves, and spend without fear of bankruptcy-dd- Fred De Witt Van Amburgh . Gratitude is the ability to experience life as a gift-dd- It liberates us from the prison of self-preoccupation-dd- John Ortberg . There are only two ways to live your life-dd- One is as though nothing is a miracle-dd- The other is as though everything is a miracle-dd- Albert Einstein . Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues but the parent of all others-dd- Marcus Tellius Cicero . The smallest act of kindness is worth than the grandest intention-dd- Oscar Wilde . Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses-dd- Confucius . Humor is mankind’s greatest blessing-dd- Mark Twain . The essence of all beautiful art is gratitude-dd- Friedrich Nietzsche . Gratitude is a duty which ought to be paid, but which none have a right to expect-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn’t learn a lot today, at least we learned a little, and if we didn’t learn a little, at least we didn’t get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn’t die; so, let us all be thankful-dd- Buddha . He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has-dd- Epictetus . The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated-dd- William James . Our favorite attitude should be gratitude-dd- Zig Ziglar . True forgiveness is when you can say, “Thank you for that experience”-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Ingratitude is monstrous-dd- William Shakespeare . Nothing is more honorable than a grateful heart-dd- Seneca . When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears-dd- Tony Robbins . What separates privilege from entitlement is gratitude-dd- Brené Brown . Entitlement is such a cancer, because it is void of gratitude-dd- Adam Smith . Gratitude is the sign of noble souls-dd- Aesop . Act with kindness, but do not expect gratitude-dd- Confucius . There are always flowers for those who want to see them-dd- Henri Matisse . Giving is an expression of gratitude for our blessings-dd- Laura Arrillaga-Andreessen . An attitude of gratitude brings great things-dd- Yogi Bhajan . Hope has a good memory, gratitude a bad one-dd- Baltasar Gracian . Every blessing ignored becomes a curse-dd- Paulo Coelho . Find the good and praise it-dd- Alex Haley . Things must be felt with the heart-dd- Helen Keller . Wear gratitude like a cloak and it will feed every corner of your life-dd- Rumi . No blessing lasts forever-dd- Plautus . If you have lived, take thankfully the past-dd- John Dryden . If you are really thankful, what do you do-qq- You share-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . Ingratitude is treason to mankind-dd- James Thomson . May the gratitude in my heart kiss all the universe-dd- Hafiz . Gratitude unlocks the fullness of life-dd- Melody Beattie . The highest tribute to the dead is not grief but gratitude-dd- Thornton Wilder . ‘Enough’ is a feast-dd- Buddhist proverb . Three meals plus bedtime make four sure blessings a day-dd- Mason Cooley . Gratitude and attitude are not challenges; they are choices-dd- Robert Braathe . If you count all your assets, you always show a profit-dd- Robert Quillen . Appreciation is the purest vibration that exists on the planet today-dd- Abraham Hicks . If you don’t appreciate what you have, you may as well not have it-dd- Rosalene Glickman . Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not-dd- Epicurus . Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot-dd- Hansa proverb . Gratitude makes you feel good and proud-dd- Complaining makes you feel bad and miserable-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Not what we say about our blessings, but how we use them, is the true measure of our thanksgiving-dd- W-dd-T-dd- Purkiser . It has been said that life has treated me harshly; and sometimes I have complained in my heart because many pleasures of human experience have been withheld from me…if much has been denied me, much, very much, has been given me-dd- Helen Keller . The world has enough beautiful mountains and meadows, spectacular skies and serene lakes-dd- It has enough lush forests, flowered fields, and sandy beaches-dd- It has plenty of stars and the promise of a new sunrise and sunset every day-dd- What the world needs more of is people to appreciate and enjoy it-dd- Michael Josephson . No one is as capable of gratitude as one who has emerged from the kingdom of night-dd- Elie Wiesel . To speak gratitude is courteous and pleasant, to enact gratitude is generous and noble, but to live gratitude is to touch Heaven-dd- Johannes A-dd- Gaertner . Gratitude can transform common days into thanksgivings, turn routine jobs into joy, and change ordinary opportunities into blessings-dd- William Arthur Ward . Appreciation is a wonderful thing-dd- It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well-dd- Voltaire . Part 1-dd- Gratitude is a powerful emotion to use for manifesting because normally we feel gratitude after we receive something-dd- So the emotional signature of gratitude means it has already happened-dd- Joe Dispenza . Part 2-dd- When you are thankful or you feel appreciation, you are in the ultimate state to receive-dd- When you embrace gratitude, your body as the unconscious mind will begin to believe it is in that future reality in the present moment-dd- Joe Dispenza . Gratitude changes the pangs of memory into a tranquil joy-dd- Dietrich Bonhoeffer . You say grace before meals-dd- All right-dd- But I say grace before the concert and the opera, and grace before the play and pantomime, and grace before I open a book, and grace before sketching, painting, swimming, fencing, boxing, walking, playing, dancing and grace before I dip the pen in the ink-dd- G-dd- K-dd- Chesterton . Expressing gratitude is a natural state of being and reminds us that we are all connected-dd- Valerie Elster . You don’t get blessed, and feel blessed-dd- You have to first feel blessed, then the blessings come to you-dd- Roman Price . Dwell on the beauty of life-dd- Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them-dd- Marcus Aurelius . The thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest-dd- William Blake . Among the things you can give and still keep are your word, a smile, and a grateful heart-dd- Zig Ziglar . There’s no disaster that can’t become a blessing, and no blessing that can’t become a disaster-dd- Richard Bach . What may seem a curse may be a blessing, and what may be a blessing may be a curse-dd- Muso Kokushi . Let gratitude be the pillow upon which you kneel to say your nightly prayer-dd- And let faith be the bridge you build to overcome evil and welcome good-dd- Maya Angelou . Train yourself never to put off the word or action for the expression of gratitude-dd- Albert Schweitzer . My socks may not match, but my feet are always warm-dd- Maureen McCullough . Gratitude is a sickness suffered by dogs-dd- Joseph Stalin . I can multitask like crazy-dd- I’m riddled with ADD – a blessing and a curse-dd- Glenn Beck . I am a grateful… grapefruit-dd- Bjork . Got no check books, got no banks-dd- Still I’d like to express my thanks — I got the sun in the morning and the moon at night-dd- Irving Berlin . Gratitude can turn a meal into a feast-dd- Melody Beattie . The hardest arithmetic to master is that which enables us to count our blessings-dd- Eric Hoffer . Gratitude is a quality similar to electricity: it must be produced and discharged and used up in order to exist at all-dd- William Faulkner . Gratitude is the wine for the soul-dd- Go on-dd- Get drunk-dd- Rumi . I am thankful for laughter, except when milk comes out of my nose-dd- Woody Allen . Joy is the simplest form of gratitude-dd- Karl Barth . Joy is a heart full and a mind purified by gratitude-dd- Marietta McCarty . My expectations were reduced to zero when I was 21-dd- Everything since then has been a bonus-dd- Stephen Hawking . If you want to find happiness, find gratitude-dd- Steve Maraboli . Gratitude is one of the sweet shortcuts to finding peace of mind and happiness inside-dd- No matter what is going on outside of us, there’s always something we could be grateful for-dd- Barry Neil Kaufman . Gratefulness is the key to a happy life that we hold in our hands, because if we are not grateful, then no matter how much we have we will not be happy – because we will always want to have something else or something more-dd- David Steindl-Rast . The things you really need are few and easy to come by; but the things you can imagine you need are infinite, and you will never be satisfied-dd- Epicurus . We’re a nation hungry for more joy: because we’re starving from a lack of gratitude-dd- Brené Brown (The Gifts of Imperfection) . Of the blessings set before you, make your choice, and be content-dd- Samuel Johnson . Gratitude is the state of mind of thankfulness-dd- As it is cultivated, we experience an increase in our “sympathetic joy,” our happiness at another’s happiness-dd- Just as in the cultivation of compassion, we may feel the pain of others, so we may begin to feel their joy as well-dd- And it doesn’t stop there-dd- Stephen Levine . Gratitude unlocks all that’s blocking us from really feeling truthful, really feeling authentic and vulnerable and happy-dd- Gabrielle Bernstein . Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more-dd- If you concentrate on what you don’t have, you will never, ever have enough-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Gratitude turns what we have into enough, and more-dd- It turns denial into acceptance, chaos into order, confusion into clarity… it makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow-dd- Melody Beattie . Happiness is itself a kind of gratitude-dd- Joseph Wood Krutch . A contented mind is the greatest blessing a man can enjoy in this world-dd- Joseph Addison . Gratitude helps you to grow and expand; gratitude brings joy and laughter into your life and into the lives of all those around you-dd- Eileen Caddy . Gratitude also opens your eyes to the limitless potential of the universe, while dissatisfaction closes your eyes to it-dd- Stephen Richards . The soul that gives thanks can find comfort in everything; the soul that complains can find comfort in nothing-dd- Hannah Whitall Smith . Expectation has brought me disappointment-dd- Disappointment has brought me wisdom-dd- Acceptance, gratitude and appreciation have brought me joy and fulfillment-dd- Rasheed Ogunlaru . Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed-dd- Happiness is a spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude-dd- Dennis Waitley . Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has plenty; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some-dd- Charles Dickens . It is impossible to feel grateful and depressed in the same moment-dd- Naomi Williams . It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom-dd- Marcel Proust . The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you-dd- John E-dd- Southard . Life has no blessing like a prudent friend-dd- Euripides . I awoke this morning with devout thanksgiving for my friends, the old and the new-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Sometimes the best way to appreciate something is to be without it for a while-dd- Unknown . There is nothing better than the encouragement of a good friend-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . The debt of gratitude we owe our mother and father goes forward, not backward-dd- What we owe our parents is the bill presented to us by our children-dd- Nancy Friday . Think with great gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us-dd- Albert Schweitzer . If you want to turn your life around, try thankfulness-dd- It will change your life mightily-dd- Gerald Good . What you focus on expands, and when you focus on the goodness in your life, you create more of it-dd- Opportunities, relationships, even money flowed my way when I learned to be grateful no matter what happened in my life-dd- Oprah Winfrey . Cultivate the habit of being grateful for every good thing that comes to you, and to give thanks continuously-dd- And because all things have contributed to your advancement, you should include all things in your gratitude-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . In all affairs, it’s a healthy thing now and then to hang a question mark on the things you have long taken for granted-dd- Bertrand Russell . Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more-dd- If you concentrate on what you don’t have, you will never, ever have enough-dd- Oprah Winfrey . We should certainly count our blessings, but we should also make our blessings count-dd- Neal A-dd- Maxwell . Embrace your life journey with gratitude, so that how you travel your path is more important than reaching your ultimate destination-dd- Rosalene Glickman . Acknowledging the good that you already have in your life is the foundation for all abundance-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself-dd- Henry Miller . Gratitude bestows reverence, allowing us to encounter everyday epiphanies, those transcendent moments of awe that change forever how we experience life and the world-dd- John Milton . Always remember to smile and look up at what you got in life-dd- Marilyn Monroe . The more you recognize and express gratitude for the things you have, the more things you will have to express gratitude for-dd- Zig Ziglar . In order to attract more of the blessings that life has to offer, you must truly appreciate what you already have-dd- Ralph Marston . Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted-dd- Aldous Huxley . The unthankful heart discovers no mercies; but the thankful heart will find, in every hour, some heavenly blessings-dd- Henry Ward Beecher . Look at everything as though you were seeing it for the first or the last time, then your time on earth will be filled with glory-dd- Betty Smith . We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures-dd- Thorton Wilder . Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things-dd- Robert Brault . As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well used brings happy death-dd- Leonardo da Vinci . I still miss those I loved who are no longer with me but I find I am grateful for having loved them-dd- The gratitude has finally conquered the loss-dd- Rita Mae Brown . I knew a man who once said, “death smiles at us all; all a man can do is smile back-dd- Gladiator . Our death is not an end if we can live on in our children and the younger generation-dd- For they are us, our bodies are only wilted leaves on the tree of life-dd- Albert Einstein . I look at life as a gift of God-dd- Now that he wants it back I have no right to complain-dd- Joyce Cary . The fear of death follows from the fear of life-dd- A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time-dd- Mark Twain . Death may be the greatest of all human blessings-dd- Socrates . The day which we fear as our last is but the birthday of eternity-dd- Seneca . People living deeply have no fear of death-dd- Anais Nin . From my rotting body, flowers shall grow and I am in them and that is eternity-dd- Edvard Munch . Watching a peaceful death of a human being reminds us of a falling star; one of a million lights in a vast sky that flares up for a brief moment only to disappear into the endless night forever-dd- Elisabeth Kübler-Ross . Perhaps they are not stars, but rather openings in heaven where the love of our lost ones pours through and shines down upon us to let us know they are happy-dd- Eskimo proverb . I shall not die of a cold-dd- I shall die of having lived-dd- Willa Cat . Close your eyes-dd- Fall in love-dd- Stay there-dd- Rumi . Love is the bridge between you and everything-dd- Rumi . We are told that people stay in love because of chemistry, or because they remain intrigued with each other, because of many kindnesses, because of luck-dd- But part of it has got to be forgiveness and gratefulness-dd- Ellen Goodman . One regret dear world, that I am determined not to have when I am lying on my deathbed is that I did not kiss you enough-dd- Hafiz of Persia . When we focus on our gratitude, the tide of disappointment goes out and the tide of love rushes in-dd- Kristin Armstrong . If having a soul means being able to feel love and loyalty and gratitude, then animals are better off than a lot of humans-dd- James Herriot . Everyone enjoys being acknowledged and appreciated-dd- Sometimes even the simplest act of gratitude can change someone’s entire day-dd- Take the time to recognize and value the people around you and appreciate those who make a difference in your lives-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . I finally realized that being grateful to my body was key to giving more love to myself-dd- Oprah Winfrey . The weak can never forgive-dd- Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . The wound is the place where light enters you-dd- Rumi . If you’re more fortunate than others, build a longer table, not a taller fence-dd- Unknown . Kindness trumps greed: it asks for sharing-dd- Kindness trumps fear: it calls forth gratefulness and love-dd- Kindness trumps even stupidity, for with sharing and love, one learns-dd- Marc Estrin . Warmth is the vital element for the growing plant and for the soul of the child-dd- Carl Jung . Love and gratitude can part seas, move mountains, and create miracles-dd- Rhonda Byrne . The discipline of gratitude is the explicit effort to acknowledge that all I am and have is given to me as a gift of love, a gift to be celebrated with joy-dd- Henri Nouwen . If you have your health, if you have people in your life to love, you are blessed-dd- Slow down and enjoy the simple things in life-dd- Joel Osteen . When you give and carry out acts of kindness, it’s as though something inside your body responds and says, ‘Yes, this is how I ought to feel-dd- Rabbi Harold Kushner . It is a sign of mediocrity when you demonstrate gratitude with moderation-dd- Roberto Benigni . Wake at dawn with a winged heart and give thanks for another day of loving-dd- Khalil Gibran . Laughter is God’s blessing-dd- Joseph Prince . The best way to show my gratitude to God is to accept everything, even my problems, with joy-dd- Mother Teresa . Thank you is the best prayer that anyone could say-dd- I say that one a lot-dd- Thank you expresses extreme gratitude, humility, understanding-dd- Alice Walker . A single grateful thought toward heaven is the most complete prayer-dd- Gotthold Ephraim Lessing . If you only say one prayer in a day, make it thank you-dd- Rumi . No matter what’s happening, choose to be happy-dd- Don’t focus on what’s wrong-dd- Find something positive in your life-dd- Thank God for the small things-dd- Joel Osteen . Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us-dd- Socrates . It is generally true that all that is required to make men unmindful of what they owe God for any blessing is that they should receive that blessing often and regularly-dd- Richard Whately . Experience teaches us that we do not always receive the blessings we ask for in prayer-dd- Mary Baker Eddy . Appreciation can make a day, even change a life-dd- Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary-dd- Margaret Cousins . If you expect the blessings of God, be kind to His people-dd- Abu Bakr . To give thanks in solitude is enough-dd- Thanksgiving has wings and goes where it must go-dd- Your prayer knows much more about it than you do-dd- Victor Hugo . Reckon the days in which you have not been angry-dd- I used to be angry every day; now every other day; then every third and fourth day; and if you miss it so long as thirty days, offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving to God-dd- Epictetus . Every breath we draw is a gift of God’s love; every moment of existence is a grace-dd- Thomas Merton . Feeling grateful or appreciative of someone or something in your life actually attracts more of the things that you appreciate and value into your life-dd- Christiane Northrup . The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men-dd- It has God for its author; salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter-dd- It is all pure-dd- John Locke . A simple grateful thought turned heavenwards is the most perfect prayer-dd- Doris Lessing . Saying thank you is more than good manners-dd- It is good spirituality-dd- Alfred Painter . O Lord that lends me life, Lend me a heart replete with thankfulness-xx- William Shakespeare . In everything, give thanks-dd- Thessalonians 5:18 . Just to be is a blessing-dd- Just to live is holy-dd- Abraham Joshua Heschel . Whatever you appreciate and give thanks for will increase in your life-dd- Sanaya Roman . God gave you a gift of 84,600 seconds today-dd- Have you used one of them to say thank you-qq- William Arthur Ward . You pray in your distress and in your need; would that you might pray also in the fullness of your joy and in your days of abundance-dd- Kahlil Gibran . When I started counting my blessings my whole life turned around-dd- Willie Nelson . What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise-dd- Oscar Wilde . Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow-dd- Melody Beattie . The roots of all goodness lie in the soil of appreciation for goodness-dd- Dalai Lama . The most fortunate are those who have a wonderful capacity to appreciate again and again, freshly and naively, the basic goods of life, with awe, pleasure, wonder, and even ecstasy-dd- Abraham Maslow . When life is sweet, say thank you and celebrate-dd- And when life is bitter, say thank you and grow-dd- Shauna Niequist . Change, like sunshine, can be a friend or a foe, a blessing or a curse, a dawn or a dusk-dd- William Arthur Ward . As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them-dd- John F-dd- Kennedy . If we never experience the chill of a dark winter, it is very unlikely that we will ever cherish the warmth of a bright summer’s day-dd- Nothing stimulates our appetite for the simple joys of life more than the starvation caused by sadness or desperation-dd- In order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is vital that we turn each and every dark tear into a pearl of wisdom, and find the blessing in every curse-dd- Anthon St-dd- Maarten . There is as much greatness of mind in acknowledging a good turn, as in doing it-dd- Seneca . No one who achieves success does so without the help of others-dd- The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude-dd- Alfred North Whitehead . Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation-dd- Brian Tracy . I may not be where I want to be but I’m thankful for not being where I used to be-dd- Habeeb Akande . Believe that good things will happen and they will-dd- Unknown . Be grateful for what you have, work hard for what you don’t have-dd- Unknown . Gratitude for the present moment and the fullness of life now is the true prosperity-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Let us remember that, as much has been given us, much will be expected from us, and that true homage comes from the heart as well as from the lips, and shows itself in deeds-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Love your mistake as much as your accomplishments-dd- Because without mistakes, there wouldn’t be any accomplishments-dd- Unknown . To educate yourself for the feeling of gratitude means to take nothing for granted, but to always seek out and value the kind that will stand behind the action-dd- Nothing that is done for you is a matter of course-dd- Everything originates in a will for the good, which is directed at you-dd- Train yourself never to put off the word or action for the expression of gratitude-dd- Albert Schweitzer . Our real blessings often appear to us in the shape of pains, losses and disappointments; but let us have patience and we soon shall see them in their proper figures-dd- Joseph Addison . Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess-dd- And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up-dd- Steve Maraboli . Free yourself from the complexities and drama of your life-dd- Simplify-dd- Look within-dd- Within ourselves we all have the gifts and talents we need to fulfill the purpose we’ve been blessed with-dd- Steve Maraboli . The way to develop the best that is in a person is by appreciation and encouragement-dd- Charles Schwab . The first wealth is health-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Good health and good sense are two of life’s greatest blessings-dd- Publilius Syrus . A wise man should consider that health is the greatest of human blessings, and learn how by his own thought to derive benefit from his illnesses-dd- Hippocrates . Make choices that bring love and joy to your body-dd- It’s not about perfection; it’s about love and gratitude for an amazing body that works hard and deserves your respect-dd- Alysia Reiner . The groundwork of all happiness is health-dd- Leigh Hunt . Health is the greatest possession-dd- Contentment is the greatest treasure-dd- Confidence is the greatest friend-dd- Non-being is the greatest joy-dd- Lao Tzu . Health is the thing that makes you feel that now is the best time of the year-dd- Franklin P-dd- Adams . Happiness lies first of all in health-dd- George William Curtis . Be happy, healthy, and let all that love flow through your heart-dd- Maharishi Mahesh Yogi . Happiness is good health and a bad memory-dd- Ingrid Bergman . Laughter is spiritual health-dd- Osho . Self love is the way to inner health and growth of self knowing-dd- This love grows and blossoms through seven pillars of inner light-dd- Love nourishes and soon spreads on it own accord to others-dd- Osho . Hate is unnatural-dd- Love is a state of health; hate is a state of illness-dd- Osho . Without health life is not life; it is only a state of langour and suffering – an image of death-dd- Buddha . Health is the soul that animates all the enjoyments of life, which fade and are tasteless without it-dd- Seneca . Walk as if you are kissing the Earth with your feet-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . The miracle is not to walk on water-dd- The miracle is to walk on the green earth, dwelling deeply in the present moment and feeling truly alive-dd- Thich Nhat Hanh . When eating bamboo sprouts, remember the man who planted them-dd- Chinese proverb . There are a thousand ways to kneel and kiss the earth-dd- Rumi . Breathe-dd- Let go-dd- And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure-dd- Oprah Winfrey . There is a calmness to a life lived in gratitude, a quiet joy-dd- Ralph H-dd- Blum . You should rather be grateful for the weeds you have in your mind, because eventually they will enrich your practice-dd- Shunryu Suzuki . Give thanks for a little and you will find a lot-dd- Hansa proverb . Gratitude opens the door to the power, the wisdom, the creativity of the universe-dd- You open the door through gratitude-dd- Deepak Chopra . I’m grateful for always this moment, the now, no matter what form it takes-dd- Eckhart Tolle . Happiness is a state of inner fulfillment, not the gratification of inexhaustible desires for outward things-dd- Matthieu Ricard (TED talk video) . Let us live simply in the freshness of the present moment, in the clarity of pure awakened mind-dd- . Prepare yourself so that you have no regrets-dd- Think now-dd- The things that you do, like trying to get rid of your competitors, and making one more million dollars, are they going to bring you a peaceful death-qq- Are you really going to be happy when you die-qq- . While it may be difficult to change the world, it is always possible to change the way we look at it-dd- . The basic root of happiness lies in our minds; outer circumstances are nothing more than adverse or favourable-dd- . Happiness is a skill, emotional balance is a skill, compassion and altruism are skills, and like any skill they need to be developed-dd- That’s what education is about-dd- . We do all kinds of things to remain beautiful yet we spend surprisingly little time taking care of what matters most: the way our mind functions-dd- . We don’t mind spending 15 years on education, why not the same to become a better human being-qq- . We deal with our mind from morning till evening, and it can be our best friend or our worst enemy-dd- . Wisdom and compassion should become the dominating influences that guide our thoughts, our words, and our actions-dd- . Yesterday is history-dd- Tomorrow is a mystery-dd- But today is a gift-dd- That’s why they call it the present-dd- . 