A sister is both your mirror and your opposite-dd- Elizabeth Fishel . You’re not my best friend-dd- You’re my sister, and that’s more-dd- Jenny Han . The greatest gift our parents ever gave us was each other-dd- Unknown . Sisters are different flowers from the same garden-dd- Unknown . A sister is worth a thousand friends-dd- Unknown . What’s the good of news if you haven’t a sister to share it-qq- James DeVries . The best thing about having a sister was that I always had a friend-dd- Cali Rae Tumer . We didn’t want to admit it then, but we were friends-dd- Best friends-dd- Shannon Celebi . There’s no better friend than a sister-dd- Mary Engelbreit . A sister is a little bit of childhood that can never be lost-dd- Marion C-dd- Garretty . A sister is a gift to the heart, a friend to the spirit, a golden thread to the meaning of life-dd- Isadora James . Sweet is the voice of a sister in the season of sorrow-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Is solace anywhere more comforting than that in the arms of a sister-qq- Alice Walker . You don’t love someone because they’re perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they’re not-dd- Jodi Picoult . There is no time like the old time, when you and I were young-dd- Oliver Wendell Holmes . You know full well as I do the value of sisters’ affections; there is nothing like it in this world-dd- Charlotte Bronte . Sister is our first friend and second mother-dd- Sunny Gupta . One’s sister is part of one’s essential self, an eternal presence of ones’ heart, soul and memory-dd- Susan Cabil . I sought my soul, but my soul I could not see, I sought my god, but my god eluded me; And then I sought my sisters and my brothers, and in them I found all three-dd- Baba Amte . Friends grow up and move away-dd- But the one thing that’s never lost is your sister-dd- Gail Sheeny . So distant but so close-dd- So different but so similar-dd- That’s why I love my sister-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Life’s a battlefield, and we remain loyal to those who fight for us; those who’d die for us-dd- Crystal Woods . I’ve known every love possible, but as the years stretched out, the love I longed for the most is the one I shared with my sister-dd- Josephine Angelini . She is your mirror, shining back at you with a world of possibilities-dd- She is your witness, who sees you at your worst and best, and loves you anyway-dd- Barbara Alpert . To have a loving relationship with a sister is not simply to have a buddy or a confident… it is to have a soul mate for life-dd- Victoria Secunda . Brothers and sisters are one of the constant things in the lives of many people-dd- Richard Branson . A sister can be seen as someone who is both ourselves and very much not ourselves – a special kind of double-dd- Toni Morrison . Sisters-dd- Because we all need someone who will defend us behind our back and then call us on our shit to our face-dd- Brooke Hampton . Parents die, daughters grow up and marry out, but sisters are for life-dd- Lisa Lee (This is one of my favorite quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . Big sisters are the crab grass in the lawn of life-dd- Charles M-dd- Schulz (Charlie Brown) . A ministering angel shall my sister be-dd- William Shakespeare . My first job is big sister and I take that very seriously-dd- Venus Williams . I’m the big sister-dd- I want to make sure she has everything, even if I don’t have anything-dd- I love her too much-dd- Venus Williams . She is the mother I never had, she is the sister everybody would want-dd- She is the friend that everybody deserves-dd- I don’t know a better person-dd- Oprah Winfrey . The ones that stay with you through everything – they’re your true best friends-dd- Don’t let go of them-dd- Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world-dd- Marilyn Monroe . Each one of us is responsible for the whole of humankind-dd- We need to think of each other really as brothers and sisters and to be concerned for each other’s welfare-dd- Dalai Lama . Until blacks and whites see each other as brother and sister, we will not have parity-dd- It’s very clear-dd- Maya Angelou . My sister and I truly are best friends-dd- Solange Knowles (Beyonce’s sister) . My sister is my hero-dd- Patrick J-dd- Adams (Suits) . My sisters are my favorite people on earth-dd- Ryan Phillippe . Always my sister, forever my friend-dd- Unknown . Happiness is being with my sister-dd- Unknown . A true sister will stand by your side-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . A family is a gift that lasts forever-dd- Unknown . My sister, my friend-dd- Unknown . Being sisters means you always have backup-dd- Unknown . All you need is love… and a sister-dd- Unknown . Sisterhood is powerful-dd- Robin Morgan . Yes you can, sister-xx- Joyce Meyer . Shoulder to shoulder, sister-dd- Brené Brown . Unconditional love; the definition of sister-dd- Alicia Cook . As long as they were together, there was nothing to be afraid of-dd- Kristen Ciccarelli . A sister is one who reaches for your hand and touches your heart-dd- Unknown . Sweet, crazy conversations full of half sentences, daydreams and misunderstandings more thrilling than understanding could ever be-dd- Toni Morrison . Sisters take care of each other, watch out for each other, comfort for each other and are there for each other through thick and thin-dd- Unknown . Sometimes we need someone to simply be there-dd- Not to fix anything, or to do anything in particular, but just to let us feel that we are cared for and supported-dd- Unknown . When life’s hills become too steep to climb on my own, my sister takes my hand and reminds me that I didn’t have to climb it alone to begin with-dd- Unknown . Sisters helps you find important things when you have lost them-dd- Things like your smiles, your hopes, and your courage-dd- Unknown . Sisters are like flowers in the garden of life-dd- Unknown . Always have something to look forward to, someone to share it with and always try to make a difference-dd- Rosemary Conley . A sister will care for you like a mother, laugh with you like a brother, listen to you like a friend, but most of all, no matter how much you mess up; love you like only a sister a can-dd- Your only job is to be the brother[sister] she deserves-dd- Unknown . A sister is someone who loves you from the heart-dd- No matter how much you argue you cannot be drawn apart-dd- She is a joy that cannot be taken away-dd- Once she enters your life, she is there to stay-dd- Shiva Sharma . The best sibling you can have is a brother or sister who pushes you to 10X levels of success-xx- Grant Cardone . But most are like my sister and me… linked by volatile love, best friends who make other best friends ever so slightly less best-dd- Patricia Volk . A toast once heard: “To my big sister, who never found her second Easter egg until I’d found my first”-dd- Robert Brault . A sister is a special type of angel on earth who brings out your best qualities-dd- Unknown . When I say I won’t tell anyone, my sister doesn’t count-dd- Unknown . In the cookies of life, sisters are the chocolate chips-dd- Unknown . Five sisters-dd- That must have been hell-dd- Amy McAuley . More than Santa Claus, your sister knows when you’ve been bad and good-dd- Linda Sunshine . Sisters don’t need words-dd- They have perfected their own secret language of smiles, sniffs, sighs, gasps, winks and eye rolls-dd- Unknown . The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation-dd- Oscar Wilde . A sister is everything you wish you could be and everything you wish you weren’t-dd- M-dd- Molly Backes . As anybody with two older sisters can tell you, a closed door is like a red rag to a bull-dd- It cannot go unchallenged-dd- Alan Bradley . My sister is a mess-dd- I love her to death, but she is a mess-dd- RJ Mitte . The last thing May says to me is “When our hair is white, we’ll still have our sister love”-dd- Lisa See . “Do you forget that I am your sister-qq-”-dd- “No; I’ve never been granted the opportunity to forget it-dd-” Georgette Heyer . There’s nobody in the world that knows me better than my sister-dd- Tia Mowry . In thee my soul shall own combined the sister and the friend-dd- Catherine Killigrew . The only thing better than having you as my sister is my children having you as their aunt-dd- Unknown . She is your teacher, your defense attorney, your personal press agent, even your shrink-dd- Some days, she’s the reason you wish you were an only child-dd- Barbara Alpert . You can kid the world, but not your sister-dd- Charlotte Gray . If you have a sister and she dies, do you stop saying you have one-qq- Or are you always a sister, even when the other half of the equation is gone-qq- Jodi Picoult . Sisters, as you know, also have a unique relationship-dd- This is the person who has known you your entire life, who should love you and stand by you no matter what, and yet it’s your sister who knows exactly where to drive the knife to hurt you the most-dd- Lisa See . The two sisters didn’t come wailing-dd- They came quietly, holding on to each other-dd- As if they needed no one’s comfort but the other’s-dd- Kristen Ciccarelli . Every woman is, or, at some time, has been a sister or daughter-dd- Unknown . It is strange how sisters can be saviors or strangers and sometimes a bit of both-dd- Amanda Lovelace . I wanted only a familiar voice, someone who knew me-dd- Not some earlier, larval version of myself-dd- Jennifer Haigh . A sister is often a mentor, a guide, and a best friend especially at a time of need-dd- Debasish Mridha . You can’t think how I depend on you, and when you’re not there the colour goes out of my life-dd- Virginia Woolf . A sister takes in pride with you-dd- She is like a girl you can trust with all of your secrets-dd- Kortney Cobbley . We are sisters-dd- We will always be sisters-dd- Our differences may never go away, but neither, for me, will our song-dd- Elizabeth Fishel . Her heart was like a great road with room for everyone-dd- Lisa See . We acquire friends and we make enemies, but our sisters come with the territory-dd- Evelyn Loeb . What are sisters for if not to point out the things the rest of the world is too polite to mention-dd- Claire Cook . Sisterly love is, of all sentiments, the most abstract-dd- Nature does not grant it any functions-dd- Ugo Betti . There is a language every sister knows, a language tender beyond words and rarely spoken-dd- It runs like a string between two hearts, and we only pluck that string in times of trouble-dd- This night […] we speak as sisters-dd- Kathleen Baldwin . Your parents leave you too soon and your kids and spouse come along late, but your siblings know you when you are in your most inchoate form-dd- Jeffrey Kluger . A sibling may be the keeper of one’s identity, the only person with the keys to one’s unfettered, more fundamental self-dd- Marian Sandmaier . The brother and sister pair of: Patience and Hustle are the best siblings ever-xx- Gary Vaynerchuk . Fidelity is the sister of justice-dd- Horace . Foolishness is indeed the sister of wickedness-dd- Sophocles . The boughs, without becoming detached from the trunk grow away from it-dd- Victor Hugo . A sister in a friend will come and go but a friend in a sister will always remain-dd- Unknown . A sister is like yourself in a different movie, a movie that stars you in a different life-dd- Deborah Tannen . My sister is the one person who truly knows me, as I know her-dd- Lisa See . Having a sister is like having a best friend you can’t get rid of-dd- You know whatever you do, they’ll still be there-dd- Amy Li . The best advice my mother ever gave me: ‘Be nice to your sister-dd- Your friends will come and go, but you will always have your sister-dd- And I promise that someday she will be your best friend-dd- Unknown . There can be no situation in life in which the conversation of my dear sister will not administer some comfort to me-dd- Mary Montagu . To have a loving relationship with a sister is not simply to have a buddy or a confident — it is to have a soulmate for life-dd- Victoria Secunda . A sister is one that always cares, she is loving and kind, and will always drop everything if you need her-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . I love the notion of “storm sisters” – soul friends who help us get through life’s most raw and painful transitions-dd- Jennifer Grant . Sister you were the one I always told on, now you’re the friend I always lean on-dd- Unknown . Happiness is a cup of tea and a chat with your sister-dd- Unknown . Comfort is knowing your sister is there when you need her most-dd- Unknown . It’s nice to grow up with a sister; someone to lean on, to count on, and to tell on-dd- Unknown . A sister is a friend you don’t have to avoid the truth with-dd- Michelle Malm . Bond is stronger than blood-dd- The family grows stronger by bond-dd- Itohan Eghide . You are blood-dd- You are sisters-dd- No man can break that bond-dd- Kim Boykin . Sisters are friends we have for a lifetime-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . A sister will always notice her sister’s first gray hairs with glee-dd- Allison M-dd- Lee . Sisterhood and brotherhood is a condition people have to work at-dd- Maya Angelou . When sisters stand shoulder to shoulder, who stands a chance against us-qq- Pam Brown . She is your partner in crime, your midnight companion, someone who knows when you are smiling even in the dark-dd- Barbara Alpert . You may be as different as the sun and the moon, but the same blood flows through both your hearts-dd- You need her, as she needs you-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game Of Thrones) . Sisters are like cookies and milk… Whether things are sweet or crummy, they’re better together-dd- Unknown . If your sister is in a tearing hurry to go out and cannot catch your eye, she’s wearing your best sweater-dd- Pam Brown . Sisterhood is not a destination-dd- But a journey-dd- Unknown . Sisters touch your heart in ways no other could-dd- Sisters share… their hopes, their fears, their love, everything they have-dd- Carrie Bagwell . Sisters don’t need words-dd- They have perfected a language of snarls and smiles and frowns and winks – expressions of shocked surprise and incredulity and disbelief-dd- Pam Brown . To the outside world we all grow old-dd- But not sisters-dd- We know each other as we always were-dd- We live outside the touch of time-dd- Clara Ortega . Sisterhood was about shared experiences, trust, knowing you had people who would be there for you and would listen to you no matter what, and who could always tell if there was something wrong-dd- Michelle Madow . They were the ones who, with a single look, knew if you were about to burst into giggles or into tears and why-dd- Michelle Madow . Of two sisters, one is always the watcher, one the dancer-dd- Louise Glück . Sisters become more beautiful as each day passes by-dd- Michelle Malm . You should never look down on a sister except to pick her up-dd- Unknown . You mess with my sister, you’re messing with me-xx- Loretta Livingstone . A little sister time is good for the soul-dd- Unknown . That’s the best thing about little sisters: They spend so much time wishing they were elder sisters that in the end they’re far wiser than the elder ones could ever be-dd- Gemma Burgess . She’ll go and fall in love, and there’s an end of peace and fun, and cozy times together-dd- Louisa May Alcott . An older sister is a friend and defender – a listener, conspirator, a counsellor and a sharer of delights-dd- And sorrows too-dd- Pam Brown . The mildest, drowsiest sister has been known to turn tiger if her sibling is in trouble-dd- Clara Ortega . Little sisters can be a pain, but the big sister heroine worship can’t be beat-dd- Allison M-dd- Lee . We shared a room, you stole my toys, and then my clothes, but best friends we became-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . A younger sister is someone who trusts you to defend her-dd- Someone who thinks you know the answers to almost everything-dd- Pam Brown . Elder sisters never can do younger ones justice-xx- Charlotte M-dd- Yonge . She’s my little sister-dd- Mine to torture and mine to protect-dd- Julia Quinn . Sisters share the scent and smells – the feel of a common childhood-dd- Pam Brown . As I grew up, one of my strongest allies has been my sister-dd- Patti Smith . A sister smile when one tells one’s stories, for she knows where the decoration has been added-dd- Chris Montaigne . My sister and I are so close that we finish each other’s sentences and often wonder whose memories belong to whom-dd- Shannon Celebi . She is the only person left in the world who shares my memories of our childhood, our parents, our Shanghai, our struggles, our sorrows, and, yes, even our moments of happiness and triumph-dd- Lisa See . You keep your past by having sisters-dd- As you get older, they’re the only ones who don’t get bored if you talk about your memories-dd- Deborah Moggach . We may look old and wish to the outside world, but to each other, we are still in junior school-dd- Charlotte Gray . Back in time it seemed that having a sister were a tragedy-dd- Instead it is one of the best presents my parents could have ever given me-dd- Sara Anzellotti . Children of the same family, the same blood, with the same first associations and habits, have some means of enjoyment in their power, which no subsequent connections can supply-dd- Jane Austen . A sister is someone who owns part of what you own: a house, perhaps, or a less tangible legacy, like memories of your childhood and the experience of your family-dd- Deborah Tannen . Nobody could hold the same place in your heart as your sister-dd- Love or hate her, she was the only person who grew up exactly like you, who knew the secrets of your household-dd- Jessica Taylor . Only your sister could know how it felt to grow up in the house that made you you-dd- Jessica Taylor . Sisters share childhood memories and grown up dreams-dd- Unknown . Sisters function as safety nets in a chaotic world simply by being there for each other-dd- Carol Saline . When traveling life’s journey it’s good to have a sister’s hand to hold on to-dd- Unknown . Sisters make the bad times good and the good times unforgettable-dd- Unknown . Two are better than one… for if they fall one will lift up the other-dd- Unknown . I may not be able to solve all of your problems, but I promise you won’t have to face them alone-dd- Unknown . When you can’t look on the bright side, I will sit with you in the dark-dd- Alice in Wonderland . She stands firmly on her own two feet, and I just behind her; should she ever need me-dd- J-dd- Iron Word . Sisters annoy, interfere, criticize-dd- Indulge in monumental sulks, in huffs, in snide remarks-dd- Borrow-dd- Break-dd- Monopolize the bathroom-dd- Are always underfoot-dd- But if catastrophe should strike, sisters are there-dd- Defending you against all comers-dd- . That was the thing about best friends-dd- Like sisters and mothers, they could piss you off and make you cry and break your heart, but in the end, when the chips were down, they were there, making you laugh even in your darkest hours-dd- Kristen Hannah . Sisters are for sharing laughter and wiping tears-dd- Unknown . Sisters are reliably good for two things: hating and loving-dd- Jessica Knoll . My sister has been there for me through everything-dd- Brad Goreski . Sisters are the second blessing after parents-dd- Unknown . Sisters are like cats-dd- They claw each other all the time but still snuggle up and daydream together-dd- Unknown . A sister is one of the nicest things you can have, and one of the best thing you can be-dd- Unknown . Sisters may drive you crazy, get into your stuff and irritate you-dd- However, if anyone else dares say so, a sister will defend you to the death-dd- Unknown . Sister-dd- She is your mirror, shining back at you with a world of possibilities-dd- She is your witness, who sees you at your worst and best, and loves you anyway-dd- Barbara Alpert . She is your teacher, your defense attorney, your personal press agent, even your shrink-dd- Some days, she’s the reason you wish you were an only child-dd- Barbara Alpert . That’s what sisters do: we argue, we point out each other’s frailties, mistakes, and bad judgment, we flash the insecurities we’ve had since childhood, and then we come back together-dd- Until the next time-dd- Lisa See . A perfect sister I am not, but thankful for the one I’ve got-dd- Unknown . Bless you, my darling, and remember you are always in the heart – oh tucked so close there is no chance of escape – of your sister-dd- Katherine Mansfield . Never let an angry sister comb your hair-dd- Patricia McCann . Love is close to hate when it comes to sisters-dd- You’re as close as two humans can be-dd- You came from the same womb-dd- The same background-dd- Even if you’re poles apart, mentally-dd- That’s why it hurts so much when your sister is unkind-dd- It’s as though part of you is turning against yourself-dd- Jane Corry . You can be boring and tedious with sisters, whereas you have to put on a good face with friends-dd- Deborah Moggach . How do people make it through life without a sister-qq- Sara Corpening . If you don’t understand how a woman could both love her sister dearly and want to wring her neck at the same time, then you were probably an only child-dd- Linda Sunshine . You must recognize that the way to get the good out of your brother and your sister is not to return evil for evil-dd- Louis Farrakhan . Sisters never quite forgive each other for what happened when they were five-dd- Pam Brown . Sisters share a bond unlike any other – thornier, but also tender, full of possibility-dd- Joy McCullough . Sister is probably the most competitive relationship within the family, but once the sisters are grown, it becomes the strongest relationship-dd- Unknown . At this point, none of us are sure why we fight-dd- We’re sisters-dd- We need no good reason to fight, even though we have plenty of them-dd- Ken Wheaton . Nobody fights you like your own sister; nobody else knows the most vulnerable parts of you and will aim for them without mercy-dd- Jojo Moyes . I have a sister, so I know-that relationship, it’s all about fairness: you want your sibling to have exactly what you have-the same amount of toys, the same number of meatballs on your spaghetti, the same share of love-dd- Jodi Picoult . Nancy: “sisters are a shield against life’s cruel adversity”-dd- Decca: “sisters are life’s cruel adversity”-dd- Mary S Lovell . I suppose there are sisters that don’t compete-dd- I have never met one-dd- Lisa Grunwald . Never sever ties with a family member you once loved-dd- Each of you might be on different spiritual paths, but both trails are leading you home-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . How the hell do you sum up your sister in three minutes-qq- She’s your twin and your polar opposite-dd- She’s your constant companion and your competition-dd- She’s your best friend and the biggest bitch in the world-dd- She’s everything you wish you could be and everything you wish you weren’t-dd- M-dd- Molly Backes . Never hold resentments for the person who tells you what you need to hear; count them among your truest, most caring, and valuable friends-dd- Mike Norton . Try not to stab your sister, whatever the provocation-dd- George R-dd-R-dd- Martin (Game Of Thrones) . Sisters examine each other so they can have a map for how they should behave-dd- Michael D-dd- Kahn . No life’s worth more than any other, no sister worth less than any brother-dd- Michael Franti . Siblings that say they never fight are most definitely hiding something-dd- Lemony Snicket . Brothers and sisters are as close as hands and feet-dd- Vietnamese proverb . Our brothers and sisters are there with us from the dawn of our personal stories to the inevitable dusk-dd- Susan Scarf Merrell . My family is everything-dd- I am what I am thanks to my mother, my father, my brother, my sister… because they have given me everything-dd- The education I have is thanks to them-dd- Ronaldinho . I, who have no sisters or brothers, look with some degree of innocent envy on those who may be said to be born to friends-dd- James Boswell . Siblings are the people we practice on, the people who teach us about fairness and cooperation and kindness and caring — quite often the hard way-dd- Pamela Dugdale . No man who respects his mother or loves his sister, can speak disparagingly of any woman; however low she may seem to have sunk, she is still a woman-dd- I want every man to remember this-dd- Victoria Woodhull . Those are the same stars, and that is the same moon, that look down upon your brothers and sisters, and which they see as they look up to them, though they are ever so far away from us, and each other-dd- Sojourner Truth . You don’t choose these people and in the not choosing you learn tolerance-dd- You learn to forgive-dd- Heather Babcock . You need a strong family because at the end, they will love you and support you unconditionally-dd- Luckily, I have my dad, mom and sister-dd- Esha Gupta . There is a little boy inside the man who is my brother… Oh, how I hated that little boy-dd- And how I love him too-dd- Anna Quindlen . I am still the center sister-dd- But I see it differently now-dd- There has to be a middle-dd- Without it, nothing can truly be whole-dd- Because it is not just the space between, but also what holds everything together-dd- Sarah Dessen . We are brothers and sisters-dd- We are one sacred family-dd- Lailah Gifty Akita . Brothers and sisters separated by distance, joined by love-dd- Chuck Danes . A sister is God’s way of proving he doesn’t want us to walk alone-dd- Unknown . God made us sisters-dd- Our hearts made us friends-dd- Unknown . Whoever claims to love God yet hates a brother or sister is a liar-dd- For whoever does not love their brother and sister, whom they have seen, cannot love God, whom they have not seen-dd- 1 John 4:20 . Family, friends and relationships are the blessings of the God-dd- They are the best way to access God-dd- Amit Ray . Our brothers and sisters are with us for the whole journey-dd- Katherine Conger . I am so proud to call you sister-dd- I could not ask for a better friend, for a better encourager, you have made a positive difference in my life-dd- Catherine Pulsifer . But what Mom never told me is that along the way, you find sisters, and they find you-dd- Adriana Trigiani . Help one another, is part of the religion of sisterhood-dd- Louisa May Alcott . She is my sister, always, even in death, even beyond-dd- Marie Lu . I came because without her, it’s hard to remember who I am-dd- Jodi Picoult . Seeing her sitting there unresponsive makes me realize that silence has a sound-dd- Jodi Picoult . If you gave someone your heart and they died, did they take it with them-qq- Did you spend the rest of forever with a hole inside you that couldn’t be filled-qq- Jodi Picoult . Grief is loved turned into an eternal missing… It can’t be contained in hours or days or minutes-dd- Rosamund Lupton . I do not mourn the loss of my sister because she will always be with me, in my heart-dd- Erin Morgenstern . The loss of her is already too much and then there’s the other thing – the end of being loved in the way only my sister could love me-dd- Emily Maguire . I would like more sisters, that the taking out of one, might not leave such stillness-dd- Emily Dickinson . Sisters are connected heart to heart, distance and time can’t break them apart-dd- Unknown . She was the sun of my life, the gilder of every pleasure, the soother of every sorrow, I had not a thought concealed from her, and it is as if I had lost a part of myself-dd- Cassandra Austen . Side by side or miles apart, sisters will always be connected by heart-dd- Unknown . There is no better friend than a sister-dd- And there is no better sister than you-dd- Unknown . Sister and friend-dd- Two words that mean the same thing-dd- Unknown . Our paths may change as life goes along but our bond as sisters will remain ever strong-dd- Unknown . There are rare people who will show up at the right time, help you through the hard times and stay into your best times… those are the keepers-dd- Nausicaa Twila . Sister, you are like my angel, with a love that always glows-dd- You are one of the greatest gifts my heart will ever know-dd- Unknown . If one day you feel like crying, call me-dd- I can’t promise to make you laugh, but I’m willing to cry with you-dd- Unknown . My support, my ally, my entertainment, my audience, my critic, my biggest fan, my best friend… my sister-xx- Unknown . Sisters are angels who lift us up when our wings forget how to fly-dd- Unknown . Sister: A person who’s been where you’ve been; someone you can call when things aren’t going right; is more than just family; a sister is a forever friend-dd- Unknown . There is no better friend than a sister-dd- And there is no better sister than you-dd- Unknown . You and I are sisters-dd- Always remember that if you fall, I will pick you up-dd- After I stop laughing-dd- Unknown . I smile because you’re my sister-dd- I laugh because you can’t do anything about it-dd- Unknown . Because angels are sometimes busy elsewhere, god created sisters like you-dd- Sal Williams . She is my sounding board, my confidante, my keeper of secrets – and my best friend-dd- Kathleen O’Keefe . I love you, Sister-dd- And I don’t use that word lightly-xx- (Neither “love”, nor “sister”-dd- You embody both)-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . I’ve been there, sister-dd- There’s not quite a right answer to that question, is there-qq- Hold up your head-dd- You’re much loved-dd- Elizabeth Gilbert . How good it is to have a sister whose heart is as young as your own-dd- Pam Brown . Our roots say we’re sisters, our hearts say we’re friends-dd- Unknown . Any day spent with you is my favorite day-dd- So today is my new favorite day-dd- A-dd-A-dd- Milne (Winnie The Pooh) . Blood can help make family, but family often transcends blood-dd- DaShanne Stokes . 