Put all excuses aside and remember this – you are capable-dd- Zig Ziglar . Action is a high road to self-confidence and self-esteem-dd- Bruce Lee . Beauty begins the moment you decide to be yourself-dd- Coco Chanel . Self-command is the main elegance-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Never bend your head-dd- Always hold it high-dd- Look the world straight in the eye-dd- Helen Keller . As is our confidence, so is our capacity-dd- William Hazlitt . If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Confidence comes from caring-dd- Caring comes from love-dd- Maxime Lagacé . One important key to success is self-confidence-dd- An important key to self-confidence is preparation-dd- Arthur Ashe . A true genius admits that he/she knows nothing-dd- Albert Einstein . A great man is always willing to be little-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Confidence comes from being prepared-dd- John Wooden . I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship-dd- Louisa May Alcott . The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent full of doubt-dd- Bertrand Russell . Confidence comes not from always being right but from not fearing to be wrong-dd- Peter T-dd- Mcintyre . Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement-dd- Nothing can be done without hope and confidence-dd- Helen Keller . All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure-dd- Mark Twain . I do not care so much what I am to others as I care what I am to myself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Confidence is the food of the wise man but the liquor of the fool-dd- Vikram (The Office) . Be faithful to that which exists within yourself-dd- Andre Gide . Nothing builds self-esteem and self-confidence like accomplishment-dd- Thomas Carlyle . Your desire for what you want just has to be greater than your fear of it-dd- That’s all-dd- Neil Strauss . Courage starts with showing up and letting ourselves be seen-dd- Brené Brown (Daring Greatly) . Every time I became too confident, life reminded me I should not-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Our levels of desire, patience, persistence, and confidence end up playing a much larger role in success than sheer reasoning powers-dd- Robert Greene . The greatest thing in the world is to know how to belong to oneself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Life is not easy for any of us-dd- But what of that-qq- We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves-dd- We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained-dd- Marie Curie . Every woman that finally figured out her worth, has picked up her suitcases of pride and boarded a flight to freedom, which landed in the valley of change-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . There can be no failure to a man who has not lost his courage, his character, his self respect, or his self-confidence-dd- He is still a King-dd- Orison Swett Marden . Look well into thyself; there is a source of strength which will always spring up if thou wilt always look-dd- Marcus Aurelius . If you believe it will work out, you’ll see opportunities-dd- If you believe it won’t you will see obstacles-dd- Wayne Dyer . The world belongs to those who set out to conquer it armed with self confidence and good humour-dd- Charles Dickens . Believe in your infinite potential-dd- Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Skill and confidence are an unconquered army-dd- George Herbert . The world steps aside for the man who knows where he is going-dd- James Allen . Confidence is preparation-dd- Everything else is beyond your control-dd- Richard Kline . One learns to ignore criticism by first learning to ignore applause-dd- Robert Brault (This is one of my favorite confidence quote-dd- Leave a reply here and let me know what’s yours-xx-) . The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me-dd- Ayn Rand . A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval-dd- Mark Twain . Be a lamp for yourselves-dd- Be your own refuge-dd- Seek for no other-dd- All things must pass-dd- Strive on diligently-dd- Don’t give up-dd- Buddha . No one can make you feel inferior without your consent-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face-dd- You must do the thing which you think you cannot do-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen-dd- Michael Jordan . You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them-dd- Michael Jordan . Man often becomes what he believes himself to be-dd- Mahatma Gandhi . To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Believing that the dots will connect down the road will give you the confidence to follow your heart-dd- Steve Jobs . Believe you can and you’re halfway there-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . Health is the greatest possession-dd- Contentment is the greatest treasure-dd- Confidence is the greatest friend-dd- Non-being is the greatest joy-dd- Lao Tzu . Somehow I can’t believe that there are any heights that can’t be scaled by a man who knows the secrets of making dreams come true-dd- This special secret, it seems to me, can be summarized in four C s-dd- They are curiosity, confidence, courage, and constancy, and the greatest of all is confidence-dd- When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable-dd- Walt Disney . Act as if what you do makes a difference-dd- It does-dd- William James . Confidence is contagious-dd- So is lack of confidence-dd- Vince Lombardi . You can have anything you want, if you want it badly enough-dd- Abraham Lincoln . You can be anything you want to be, do anything you set out to accomplish if you hold that desire with singleness of purpose-dd- Abraham Lincoln . The secret is contained in a three-part formula I learned in the gym: self-confidence, a positive mental attitude, and honest hard work-dd- Arnold Schwarzenegger . I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was-dd- Muhammad Ali . Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage-dd- Anaïs Nin . They can do all because they think they can-dd- Virgil . The more you care, the stronger you can be-dd- Jim Rohn . Don’t say, “If I could, I would”-dd- Say, “If I can, I will”-dd- Jim Rohn . Don’t settle-dd- Don’t struggle-dd- Naval Ravikant . Start with the end in mind-dd- Stephen Covey . Humor comes from self-confidence-dd- Rita Mae Brown . We are what we believe we are-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Don’t rush-dd- Just do your thing-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Courage is the birthplace of confidence-dd- Debbie Millman . Confidence is a very fragile thing-dd- Joe Montana . All that matters is how you see yourself-dd- Conor McGregor . Be proud to wear you-dd- Dodinsky . A bold act requires a high degree of confidence-dd- Robert Greene . Many admire and glorify those who act boldly-dd- Robert Greene . Confidence cannot find a place wherein to rest in safety-dd- Virgil . Trust thyself: every heart vibrates to that iron string-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . Confidence is silent and insecurity is loud-dd- Unknown . You were born to be real, not to be perfect-dd- Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community) . Abundance comes from a place of confidence-dd- Unknown . Old ways won’t open new doors-dd- Unknown . Inhale confidence-dd- Exhale doubt-dd- Unknown . When you have confidence, you can do anything-dd- Sloane Stephens . Experience tells you what to do; confidence allows you to do it-dd- Stan Smith . As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live-dd- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe . Focus on your greater goal, your destiny-dd- Robert Greene . You can steer yourself in any direction you choose-dd- Dr-dd- Seuss . To give oneself is the only way of becoming oneself-dd- Earl Nightingale . Anything is achievable-dd- Be positive, be enthusiastic, and project confidence-dd- Sarah Doukas . What a man thinks of himself, that it is which determines, or rather indicates his fate-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Confidence is everything-dd- We live in our own minds, and we die in our own minds-dd- So if we are incredible in our minds, we live and die incredibly-dd- Kenneth Nate . Stay afraid, but do it anyway-dd- What’s important is the action-dd- You don’t have to wait to be confident-dd- Just do it and eventually the confidence will follow-dd- Carrie Fisher . The more you repeat to yourself that you can do it, the more that path will be grooved in your mind-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Embrace today, discard yesterday and have confidence in tomorrow-dd- Tim Fargo . The only failure is quitting-dd- Everything else is just gathering information-dd- Jen Sincero (You Are A Badass) . If you want to conquer fear, don’t sit home and think about it-dd- Go out and get busy-dd- Dale Carnegie . Don’t wait until everything is just right-dd- It will never be perfect-dd- There will always be challenges, obstacles and less than perfect conditions-dd- So what-dd- Get started now-dd- With each step you take, you will grow stronger and stronger, more and more skilled, more and more self-confident and more and more successful-dd- Mark Victor Hansen . The sun himself is weak when he first rises, and gathers strength and courage as the day gets on-dd- Charles Dickens . Confidence and hard work is the best medicine to kill the disease called failure-dd- It will make you successful person-dd- Abdul Kalam . Your dream doesn’t have an expiration date-dd- Take a deep breath and try again-dd- K-dd-T-dd- Witten . When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun-dd- And when you have fun, you can do amazing things-dd- Joe Namath . Courage doesn’t always roar-dd- Sometimes courage is the little voice at the end of the day that says I’ll try again tomorrow-dd- Mary Anne Radmacher . I wish I could show you, when you are lonely or in darkness, the astonishing light of your own being-dd- Hafiz . Remember that wherever your heart is, there you will find your treasure-dd- Paulo Coelho . A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him-dd- David Brinkley . You are constantly invited to be what you are-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . How long should you try-qq- Until-dd- Jim Rohn . All I want to do is change the world-dd- W-dd- Clement Stone . Preparation for tomorrow is hard work today-dd- Bruce Lee . I don’t have the confidence to pull off a moustache-dd- Rich Sommer . You wouldn’t worry so much about what others think of you if you realized how seldom they do-dd- Eleanor Roosevelt . There’s nothing as unstoppable as a freight train full of fuck-yeah-dd- Jen Sincero (You Are A Badass) . Anyone can be confident with a full head of hair-dd- But a confident bald man – there’s your diamond in the rough-dd- Larry David . Maybe Nike has it right-dd- At some point we have to stop thinking, and just do it-dd- Katty Kay (The Confidence Code) . The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence-dd- Charles Bukowski . I quit being afraid when my first venture failed and the sky didn’t fall down-dd- Al Neuharth . Because of the self-confidence with which he had spoken, no one could tell whether what he said was very clever or very stupid-dd- Leo Tolstoy . If you want to improve your self-worth, stop giving other people the calculator-dd- Tim Fargo . I have great faith in fools; self-confidence my friends call it-dd- Edgar Allan Poe . What could we accomplish if we knew we could not fail-qq- Eleanor Roosevelt . The deep roots never doubt spring will come-dd- Marty Rubin . Do what is easy and your life will be hard-dd- Do what is hard and your life will become easy-dd- Les Brown . It is best to act with confidence, no matter how little right you have to it-dd- Lillian Hellman . I would rather be my own tyrant than have some one else tyrannize me-dd- John D-dd- Rockerfeller . Stop acting so small-dd- You are the universe in ecstatic motion-dd- Rumi . It’s all in your head-dd- You have the power to make things seem hard or easy or even amusing-dd- The choice is yours-dd- Seneca . The best time to have confidence is after a defeat-dd- The worst time is after a win-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Indifference to little things will give you superpowers-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The greater the artist, the greater the doubt-dd- Perfect confidence is granted to the less talented as a consolation prize-dd- Robert Hughes . Your fears of the consequences of a bold action are way out of proportion to reality, and in fact the consequences of timidity are worse-dd- Robert Greene . When you act, act effortlessly, as if you could do much more-dd- Avoid the temptation of revealing how hard you work – it only raises questions-dd- Robert Greene . I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others-dd- Marcus Aurelius . Being brave enough to be alone frees you up to invite people into your life because you want them and not because you need them-dd- Mandy Hale . Confidence is a plant of slow growth in an aged bosom: youth is the season of credulity-dd- William Pitt . The more you seek the uncomfortable the more you will become comfortable-dd- Conor McGregor . Self-control is strength-dd- Right thought is mastery-dd- Calmness is power-dd- James Allen . Confidence contributes more to conversation than wit-dd- Francois de La Rochefoucauld . I’m standing in the ashes of who I used to be-dd- Halsey . Never be bullied into silence-dd- Never allow yourself to be made a victim-dd- Accept no one’s definition of your life; define yourself-dd- Harvey Fierstein . The more validation I need, the less discernment I have-dd- Kurt Hanks . You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can’t have it-dd- Robert Anthony . We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be-dd- Jane Austen . I am not a product of my circumstances-dd- I am a product of my decisions-dd- Stephen Covey . We don’t see things as they are, we see them as we are-dd- Anais Nin . If you don’t ask, the answer is always no-dd- Nora Roberts . We should do everything both cautiously and confidently at the same time-dd- Epictetus . I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right-dd- Muhammad Ali Jinnah . Don’t try to be the most confident person in the room-dd- Try to be the one who worked the most before entering the room-dd- Maxime Lagacé . What culture triumphs-qq- The culture with the right combination of self-criticism and self-confidence-dd- The Stoic Emperor . Teaching is, and always will be, about building confidence… confidence is about expecting a positive result…expecting a positive result drives the desire to learn-dd- Everything else is just details-dd- Tom Schimmer . We think confidence causes success, but it’s more often a result of success – mastering something hard or accomplishing something meaningful-dd- Adam Grant . A man should never be ashamed to own he has been wrong, which is but saying, that he is wiser today than he was yesterday-dd- Alexander Pope . I am only one, but I am one-dd- I cannot do everything, but I can do something-dd- And because I cannot do everything, I will not refuse to do the something that I can do-dd- Edward Everett Hale . Confidence isn’t walking into a room thinking you’re better than everyone, it’s walking in not having to compare yourself to anyone at all-dd- Unknown . Confidence comes naturally with success but success comes only to those who are confident-dd- Unknown . Confidence must be monitored so that it does not spoil or rot and turn to arrogance-dd- John Wooden . A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation-dd- Moliere . I believe the process of going from confusion to understanding is a precious, even emotional, experience that can be the foundation of self-confidence-dd- Brian Greene . Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter, and those who matter don’t mind-dd- Bernard M-dd- Baruch (Falsy attributed-dd- Check out Quote Investigator for more) . I have no responsibility to be like they expect me to be-dd- It’s their mistake, not my failing-dd- Richard P-dd- Feynman . To share your weakness is to make yourself vulnerable; to make yourself vulnerable is to show your strength-dd- Criss Jami . If you enter an action with less than total confidence, you set up obstacles in your own path-dd- Robert Greene . When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you-dd- African proverb . Overconfidence is a product of ignorance-dd- Adam Grant . Laugh at your problems; everybody else does-dd- Seneca . It means nothing to me-dd- I have no opinion about it, and I don’t care-dd- Pablo Picasso . Confidence is directness and courage in meeting the facts of life-dd- John Dewey . Don’t go through life, grow through life-dd- Eric Butterworth . A life filled with complete certainty is absurdity-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Care about people’s approval, and you will always be their prisoner-dd- Lao Tzu . Keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself-dd- Lucille Ball . Every path but your own is the path of fate-dd- Keep on your own track, then-dd- Henry David Thoreau . Be a lifelong student-dd- The more you learn, the more you earn and the more self-confidence you will have-dd- Brian Tracy . Real pleasure comes from overcoming challenges, feeling confidence in your abilities, and experiencing the power this brings-dd- Robert Greene . Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that’s very important for good health-dd- Dalai Lama . Confidence is at the root of so many attractive qualities, a sense of humor, a sense of style, a willingness to be who you are no matter what anyone else might think or say-dd- Wentworth Miller . Don’t worry about who doesn’t like you, who has more, or who’s doing what-dd- Erma Bombeck . Get more confidence by doing things that excite and frighten you-dd- Jessica Williams . Other people’s opinion of you does not have to become your reality-dd- Les Brown . Why should we worry about what others think of us, do we have more confidence in their opinions than we do our own-qq- Brigham Young . A young outcast will often feel that there is something wrong with himself, but as he gets older, grows more confident in who he is, he will adapt, he will begin to feel that there is something wrong with everyone else-dd- Criss Jami . Sometimes, if you fake confidence long enough, you’re going to be confident-dd- Elle King . If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life-dd- With confidence, you have won even before you have started-dd- Cicero . By not caring too much about what people think, I’m able to think for myself and propagate ideas which are very often unpopular-dd- And I succeed-dd- Albert Ellis . For it is in your power to retire into yourself whenever you choose-dd- Marcus Aurelius . He who has peace of mind disturbs neither himself nor another-dd- Epicurus . Have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts-dd- Charles Dickens . He is most powerful who governs himself-dd- Seneca . Man conquers the world by conquering himself-dd- Zeno of Citium . Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings-dd- Samuel Johnson . Little triumphs are the pennies of self-esteem-dd- Florence King . Trust yourself-dd- You know more than you think you do-dd- Dr-dd- Benjamin Spock . The strongest force in the universe is a human being living consistently with his identity-dd- Tony Robbins . Learn to still your waters-dd- The calmer you are on the inside, the more you’ll be comfortable when it’s boiling-dd- Maxime Lagacé . The only way to totally own yourself is to not need anything from anyone-dd- The Ancient Sage . Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence-dd- Robert Frost . A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power-dd- Brian Tracy . Decide what you want, believe you can have it, believe you deserve it and believe it’s possible for you-dd- Jack Canfield . When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find the ways to do it-dd- Believing a solution paves the way to solution-dd- David J-dd- Schwartz (The Magic of Thinking Big) . I believe in myself so much that nothing is going to stop me-dd- Conor McGregor . Real self-esteem is an integration of an inner value with things in the world around you-dd- Anna Deavere Smith . The maintenance of self-esteem is a continuous task that taxes all of the individual’s power and inner resources-dd- We have to prove our worth and justify our existence anew each day-dd- Bruce Lee . It’s about your worth-dd- Your self-worth… You — and only you — can ultimately put the price tag on that-dd- Anna Deavere Smith . Failure has to be an option in art and in exploration – because it’s a leap of faith-dd- And no important endeavor that required innovation was done without risk-dd- You have to be willing to take those risks-dd- James Cameron . The root cause of superstition is lack of self-confidence-dd- Bhagavad Gita . I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence-dd- Frederick Douglass . I was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within-dd- It was there all the time-dd- Anna Freud . Believe in yourself-xx- Have faith in your abilities-xx- Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy-dd- Norman Vincent Peale . Confidence is not, “They’ll like me”-dd- Confidence is “I’ll be fine if they don’t”-dd- Christina Grimmie . Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit-dd- E-dd-E-dd- Cummings . When I was growing up, I always knew I’d be in the top of my class in math, and that gave me a lot of self-confidence-dd- Sergey Brin (Google) . Believe in yourself and there will come a day when others will have no choice but to believe with you-dd- Cynthia Kersey . The greatest step toward success is self-confidence-dd- The greatest builder of self confidence is self esteem, and self esteem comes from doing the daily things you know you should do-dd- Jim Rohn . What happens inside always appears outside-dd- Earl Nightingale . Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love-dd- Brené Brown . To love oneself is the beginning of a life-long romance-dd- Oscar Wilde . The man who does not value himself, cannot value anything or anyone-dd- Ayn Rand . A calm person remains undisturbed in the excitement of the moment-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Love yourself first and everything else falls into line-dd- You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world-dd- Lucille Ball . Kindness in words creates confidence-dd- Kindness in thinking creates profoundness-dd- Kindness in giving creates love-dd- Lao Tzu . Be royal in your own fashion: Act like a king to be treated like one-dd- Robert Greene . The inner speech, your thoughts, can cause you to be rich or poor, loved or unloved, happy or unhappy, attractive or unattractive, powerful or weak-dd- Ralph Charell . You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection-dd- Sharon Salzberg . The deeper you love yourself, the more the universe will affirm your worth-dd- Alan Cohen . The way you treat yourself sets the standard for others-dd- Sonya Friedman . Never dull your shine for somebody else-dd- Tyra Banks . Only a weak person needed someone else around all the time-dd- Sarah Dessen . Trust yourself-dd- Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life-dd- Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement-dd- Golda Meir . Until you value yourself, you won’t value your time-dd- Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it-dd- M-dd- Scott Peck . No one will listen to us until we listen to ourselves-dd- Marianne Williamson . Confidence comes with maturity, being more accepting of yourself-dd- Nicole Scherzinger . Because one believes in oneself, one doesn’t try to convince others-dd- Because one is content with oneself, one doesn’t need others’ approval-dd- Because one accepts oneself, the whole world accepts him/her-dd- Lao Tzu . If ever there is tomorrow when we’re not together… there is something you must always remember-dd- You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think-dd- But the most important thing is, even if we’re apart… I’ll always be with you-dd- Carter Crocker . One of the greatest regrets in life is being what others would want you to be, rather than being yourself-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . Confidence is the willingness to be as ridiculous, luminous, intelligent, and kind as you really are, without embarrassment-dd- Susan Piver . Only the person who has faith in himself is able to be faithful to others-dd- Erich Fromm . Lend yourself to others, but give yourself to yourself-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Beauty is an attitude-dd- Estee Lauder . Nothing you wear is more important than your smile-dd- Connie Stevens . The most beautiful thing you can wear is confidence-dd- Blake Lively . Be confident in the skin you are in, because that is the only body you will ever have, the only place that will ever be solely yours… you can be beautiful in your own way-dd- And you have to accept, and own it-dd- Deejae Harper . Part 1-dd- You know what’s really, powerfully sexy-qq- A sense of humor-dd- A taste for adventure-dd- A healthy glow-dd- Hips to grab on to-dd- Openness-dd- Confidence-dd- Humility-dd- Appetite-dd- Intuition-dd- Courtney E-dd- Martin . Part 2-dd- Smart-ass comebacks-dd- Presence-dd- A quick wit-dd- Dirty jokes told by an innocent-looking lady-dd- A storyteller-dd- A genius-dd- A doctor-dd- A new mother-dd- A woman who realizes beautiful she is-dd- Courtney E-dd- Martin . Self-confidence is the most attractive quality a person can have-dd- How can anyone see how great you are if you can’t see it yourself-qq- Unknown . Being comfortable with who you are is the ultimate treat-dd- Sean Beaudoin . I think confidence is the most appealing quality in any human being or any artist; that’s what really attracts us to people-dd- Marilyn Manson . There’s power in looking silly and not caring that you do-dd- Amy Poehler . Outer beauty pleases the eye-dd- Inner beauty captivates the heart-dd- Mandy Hale . It is the mind that makes the body rich-dd- Andrew Carnegie . It is confidence in our bodies, minds and spirits that allows us to keep looking for new adventures-dd- Oprah Winfrey . A great figure or physique is nice, but it’s self-confidence that makes someone really sexy-dd- Vivica Fox . I found I was more confident when I stopped trying to be someone else’s definition of beautiful and started being my own-dd- – Remington Miller . True beauty is the flame of self-confidence that shines from the inside out-dd- Barrie Davenport . Smile, for everyone lacks self-confidence and more than any other one thing a smile reassures them-dd- Andre Maurois . Sex appeal is fifty percent what you’ve got and fifty percent what people think you’ve got-dd- Sophia Loren . Confidence makes you sexy-dd- Queen Latifah . A boss creates fear, a leader confidence-dd- Russell H-dd- Ewing . When the leader lacks confidence, the followers lack commitment-dd- John C-dd- Maxwell . Don’t let your confidence blinds you of the opportunities that exist-dd- Balancing you certainty with uncertainty is the only thing that will keep you fresh and alert-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Your mind will never go blank when it is well prepared-dd- Robert Greene . We admire the bold and prefer to be around them because their self-confidence infects us-dd- Robert Greene . If you are not presenting your message with confidence and self-belief, why should anyone have confidence or belief in your message-qq- Loren Weisman . A true leader has the confidence to stand alone, the courage to make tough decisions, and the compassion to listen to the needs of others-dd- Douglas MacArthur . Don’t join an easy crowd; you won’t grow-dd- Go where the expectations and the demands to perform are high-dd- Jim Rohn . If you’re indifferent to what people think, you can be confident, and if you’re confident, you can speak well-dd- Naval Ravikant . Self-confidence results, first, from exact knowledge; second, the ability to impart that knowledge-dd- Napoleon Hill . Nothing so bolsters our self-confidence and reconciles us with ourselves as the continuous ability to create; to see things grow and develop under our hand, day in, day out-dd- Eric Hoffer . True confidence has no room for jealousy and envy-dd- When you know you are great, you have no reason to hate-dd- Unknown . In order to be irreplaceable one must always be different-dd- Coco Chanel . Self-confidence carries conviction; it makes other people believe in us-dd- Orison Swett Marden . People who ask confidently get more than those who are hesitant and uncertain-dd- When you’ve figured out what you want to ask for, do it with certainty, boldness and confidence-dd- Jack Canfield . Giving people self-confidence is by far the most important thing that I can do-dd- Because then they will act-dd- Jack Welch . Staying silent is like a slow growing cancer to the soul and a trait of a true coward-dd- There is nothing intelligent about not standing up for yourself-dd- You may not win every battle-dd- However, everyone will at least know what you stood for — you-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . You see, the point is that the strongest man in the world is he who stands most alone-dd- Henrik Ibsen . The man of genius inspires us with a boundless confidence in our own powers-dd- Ralph Waldo Emerson . He who asks with timidity invites a refusal-dd- Seneca . If you want to be wrong then follow the masses-dd- Socrates . In every person there is a sun-dd- Just let them shine-dd- Socrates . Confidence comes from discipline and training-dd- Robert Kiyosaki . Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can-dd- Paul Tournier . You have to have confidence in your ability, and then be tough enough to follow through-dd- Rosalynn Carter . If you practice something for a few hundred hours, you will almost certainly see great improvement-dd- K-dd- Anders Ericsson . Each time we face our fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing-dd- Theodore Roosevelt . I was never the most confident person but I was the one who worked the hardest and that made all the difference-dd- Maxime Lagacé . You have to believe in yourself when no one else does – that makes you a winner right there-dd- Venus Williams . Your success depends mainly upon what you think of yourself and whether you believe in yourself-dd- William J-dd- H-dd- Boetcker . When a team outgrows individual performance and learns team confidence, excellence becomes a reality-dd- Joe Paterno . Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think-dd- Benjamin Disraeli . Confidence doesn’t come out of nowhere-dd- It’s a result of something… hours and days and weeks and years of constant work and dedication-dd- Roger Staubach . If you can see it here, and you have the courage enough to speak it, it will happen-dd- Conor McGregor . Success is most often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable-dd- Coco Chanel . If you’re going to gain something, gain respect and confidence-dd- And if you’re going to hate something, hate the false idea that you are not capable of your dreams-dd- Daniel Goldston . If you want to find the real competition, just look in the mirror-dd- After awhile you’ll see your rivals scrambling for second place-dd- Criss Jami . Set your mind on a definite goal and observe how quickly the world stands aside to let you pass-dd- Napoleon Hill . The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it-dd- Andrew Carnegie . It is not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves-dd- Edmund Hillary . The most terrifying thing is to accept oneself completely-dd- Carl Jung . Fear doesn’t exist anywhere except in the mind-dd- Dale Carnegie . Doubt is a sign of developing expertise-dd- Adam Grant . To be successful is simple: you keep going despite the challenges, the uncertainty, the doubts, the failures-dd- . If you are worried about failure or going through a period of mental and financial instability… your worries will be reflected in the results-dd- Robert Greene . Don’t let others put thoughts into your mind that takes away your self-confidence-dd- Katori Hall . Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are-dd- Malcolm Forbes . Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do-dd- John Wooden . Inaction breeds doubt and fear-dd- Action breeds confidence and courage-dd- Dale Carnegie . Successful people have fear, successful people have doubts, and successful people have worries-dd- They just don’t let these feelings stop them-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . The trouble with most of us is that we would rather be ruined by praise than saved by criticism-dd- Norman Vincent Peale (The Power of Positive Thinking) . Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure-dd- Marianne Williamson . Your playing small does not serve the world-dd- Who are you not to be great-qq- Marianne Williamson . The moment you doubt whether you can fly, you cease for ever to be able to do it-dd- J-dd- M-dd- Barrie . Whenever we’re afraid, it’s because we don’t know enough-dd- If we understood enough, we would never be afraid-dd- Earl Nightingale . If you are insecure, guess what-qq- The rest of the world is too-dd- Do not overestimate the competition and underestimate yourself-dd- You are better than you think-dd- T-dd- Harv Eker . Unfortunately, unless we’re focused on building up our courage, which gives us our self-confidence and all that we need to make quantum change in our lives, the voice of fear will always take the lead inside our minds-dd- Debbie Ford . You have to grow from the inside out-dd- None can teach you, none can make you spiritual-dd- There is no other teacher but your own soul-dd- Swami Vivekananda . Nothing holds you back more than your own insecurities-dd- Unknown . Stop beating yourself up-dd- You are a work in progress; which means you get there a little at a time, not all at once-dd- Unknown . Stop hating yourself for everything you are not-dd- Start loving yourself for everything that you are-dd- Unknown . Low self-esteem is like driving through life with your hand-break on-dd- Maxwell Maltz . Low self-confidence isn’t a life sentence-dd- Self-confidence can be learned, practiced, and mastered — just like any other skill-dd- Once you master it, everything in your life will change for the better-dd- Barrie Davenport . Insecurity kills more dreams than failure ever will-dd- Suzy Kassem . The eyes of others our prisons; their thoughts our cages-dd- Virginia Woolf . To find yourself, think for yourself-dd- Socrates . The biggest challenge after success is shutting up about it-dd- Criss Jami . Ego is false confidence, self-respect is true confidence-dd- Naval Ravikant . When you are confident and arrogant, you are weak-dd- When you are humble and kind, you are strong-dd- Maxime Lagacé . Massive self-confidence is boring-dd- Simon Conway Morris . It is the certainty that they possess the truth that makes men cruel-dd- Anatole France . There is a very thin line between confidence and arrogance-dd- Adam Peaty . Or, rather, let us be more simple and less vain-dd- Jean-Jacques Rousseau . People that put themselves above others will fall longer and harder-dd- Gina Lindley . None are so empty as those who are full of themselves-dd- Benjamin Whichcote . The ego relies on the familiar-dd- It is reluctant to experience the unknown, which is they very essence of life-dd- Deepak Chopra . Do not let arrogance go to your head and despair to your heart; do not let compliments go to your head and criticisms to your heart; do not let success go to your head and failure to your heart-dd- Roy T-dd- Bennett . Confidence is ignorance-dd- If you’re feeling cocky, it’s because there’s something you don’t know-dd- Eoin Colfer . Believe in yourself-dd- Under-confidence leads to a self-fulfilling prophecy that you are not good enough for your work-dd- Dr-dd- Roopleen . Flattery is all right so long as you don’t inhale-dd- Adlai Stevenson . The less you talk the more people think about your words-dd- Unknown . Confidence is important, but if it is not based on a realistic appraisal of who you are, it is mere grandiosity and smugness-dd- Robert Greene . Understand: You should be radiating confidence, not arrogance or disdain-dd- Robert Greene . If a man thinks he is not conceited, he is very conceited indeed-dd- C-dd-S-dd- Lewis . Make your ego porous-dd- Will is of little importance, complaining is nothing, fame is nothing-dd- Openness, patience, receptivity, solitude is everything-dd- Rainer Maria Rilke . If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, “He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would not have mentioned these alone”-dd- Epictetus . Class is an aura of confidence that is being sure without being cocky-dd- Class has nothing to do with money-dd- Class never runs scared-dd- It is self-discipline and self-knowledge-dd- It’s the sure-footedness that comes with having proved you can meet life-dd- Ann Landers . Humility has nothing to do with the insecure and inadequate-xx- Just like arrogance has nothing to do with greatness-dd- C-dd- JoyBell C-dd- . You never really learn much from hearing yourself speak-dd- George Clooney . On the highest throne in the world, we still sit only on our own bottom-dd- Michel de Montaigne . Do all the good you can and make as little fuss about it as possible-dd- Charles Dickens . The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes-dd- Winston Churchill . You’re never as good as everyone tells you when you win, and you’re never as bad as they say when you lose-dd- Lou Holtz . The better you feel about yourself, the less you feel the need to show off-dd- Robert Hand . Self-confidence may be mistaken for egotism if it is not accompanied by humility of the heart-dd- Napoleon Hill . Confidence turns into pride only when you are in denial of your mistakes-dd- Criss Jami . A bad day for your ego is a great day for your soul-dd- Jillian Michaels . The less promise and potency in the self, the more imperative is the need for pride-dd- The core of pride is self-rejection-dd- Bruce Lee . To be overly confident or without doubt seems silly to me-dd- Anna Deavere Smith . Great tranquility of heart is his who cares for neither praise nor blame-dd- Thomas a Kempis . Accept who you are and revel in it-dd- Mitch Albom . Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric-dd- Bertrand Russell . Confidence should not be your goal-dd- Improving should-dd- Maxime Lagacé . If you’re presenting yourself with confidence, you can pull off pretty much anything-dd- Katy Perry . Gaining confidence means getting outside your comfort zone, experiencing setbacks, and, with determination, picking yourself up again-dd- Katty Kay (The Confidence Code) . Confidence is key-dd- Sometimes, you need to look like you’re confident even when you’re not-dd- Vanessa Hudgens . When you stop living your life based on what others think of you real life begins-dd- At that moment, you will finally see the door of self acceptance opened-dd- Shannon L-dd- Alder . To learn you need a certain degree of confidence, not too much and not too little-dd- If you have too little confidence, you will think you can’t learn-dd- If you have too much, you will think you don’t have to learn-dd- Eric Hoffer . When you do not seek or need approval, you are at your most powerful-dd- Caroline Myss . Young man, make your name worth something-dd- Andrew Carnegie . My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me-dd- Henry Ford . I think if you can dance and be free and not embarrassed, you can rule the world-dd- Amy Poehler . Don’t waste your energy trying to change opinions-dd- Do you thing, and don’t care if they like it-dd- Tina Fey . For once, you believed in yourself-dd- You believed you were beautiful and so did the rest of the world-dd- Sarah Dessen . Female inferiority is internalised by us-dd- Women need a lot more confidence-dd- Gloria Steinem . If you live off a man’s compliments, you’ll die from his criticism-dd- Cornelius Lindsey . I’m a woman, phenomenally-dd- Phenomenal woman, that’s me-dd- Maya Angelou . It’s okay to be scared-dd- Being scared means you’re about to do something really, really brave-dd- Mandy Hale . Through my education, I didn’t just develop skills, I didn’t just develop the ability to learn, but I developed confidence-dd- Michelle Obama . Elegance is a statement, an attitude-dd- Elegant women are women of character with confidence-dd- Elie Saab . It is she who has enough confidence to define success and failure for herself who succeeds-dd- Sophia Amoruso . Think like a queen-dd- A queen is not afraid to fail-dd- Failure is another stepping stone to greatness-dd- Oprah Winfrey . I don’t like to gamble, but if there’s one thing I’m willing to bet one, it’s myself-dd- Beyonce . Concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger-dd- Arnold Palmer . It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up-dd- Vince Lombardi . Regardless of how you feel inside, always try to look like a winner-dd- Arthur Ashe . If you’re waiting until you feel talented enough to make it, you’ll never make it-dd- Criss Jami . What’s the worst thing that can happen to a quarterback-qq- He loses his confidence-dd- Terry Bradshaw . When you see it in your head, you gonna see it before your eyes-dd- Conor McGregor . You need to play with supreme confidence, or else you’ll lose again, and then losing becomes a habit-dd- Joe Paterno . That was my way of getting through difficult times of low confidence – hard work-dd- David Beckham . Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy-dd- Brian Tracy . The more tranquil a man becomes, the greater is his success, his influence, his power for good-dd- Calmness of mind is one of the beautiful jewels of wisdom-dd- James Allen . 